The reasons for this enchantment are numerous , but most of them end in `` ova '' , `` eva '' , or `` aya '' .
the reasons for this enchantment are [many] , but most of them end in `` ova '' , `` eva '' , or `` aya '' .

Rosburg had started early in the day , and by the time Palmer and Player were on the course -- separated , as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend , by about half an hour -- they could see on the numerous scoreboards spotted around the course that Rosburg , who ended with a 73 , was not having a good day .
rosburg had started early in the day , and by the time palmer and player were on the course -- separated , as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend , by about half an hour -- they could see on the [many] scoreboards spotted around the course that rosburg , who ended with a 73 , was not having a good day .

Last year , after Trujillo had been cited for numerous aggressions in the Caribbean , the United States and many other members of the Organization of American States broke diplomatic relations with him .
last year , after trujillo had been cited for [many] aggressions in the caribbean , the united states and many other members of the organization of american states broke diplomatic relations with him .

However , Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuracies , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced .
however , biblical scholars frequently attested to its [many] inaccuracies , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced .

The public is now armed with sophistication and numerous competing media .
the public is now armed with sophistication and [many] competing media .

He frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the horse's mouth , from numerous insiders and from Mr. Kennedy himself ; ;
he frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the horse's mouth , from [many] insiders and from mr. kennedy himself ; ;

Mr. Sansom is English , bearded , formidably cultivated , the versatile author of numerous volumes of short stories , of novels and of pieces that are neither short stories nor travel articles but something midway between .
mr. sansom is english , bearded , formidably cultivated , the versatile author of [many] volumes of short stories , of novels and of pieces that are neither short stories nor travel articles but something midway between .

`` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' is illustrated with numerous excellent photographs .
`` blue skies , brown studies '' is illustrated with [many] excellent photographs .

To be sure , Lanza made numerous concert tours , here and abroad , but these did not take him to New York where the carping critic might lurk .
to be sure , lanza made [many] concert tours , here and abroad , but these did not take him to new york where the carping critic might lurk .

Now , not only are there considerably more laity as students and professors at Oxford , but there are also numerous houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-Catholic members of the University .
now , not only are there considerably more laity as students and professors at oxford , but there are also [many] houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-catholic members of the university .

There are numerous types and styles of tools to drill holes .
there are [many] types and styles of tools to drill holes .

His father , a professional engraver and an amateur landscape painter , took his sons on numerous hunting expeditions , and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature .
his father , a professional engraver and an amateur landscape painter , took his sons on [many] hunting expeditions , and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature .

It has been my privilege to paint with Roy Mason on numerous occasions , mostly in the vicinity of Batavia .
it has been my privilege to paint with roy mason on [many] occasions , mostly in the vicinity of batavia .

His friends were numerous and their ties to him were strong .
his friends were [many] and their ties to him were strong .

Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles .
electrical literature contained [many] references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles .

Tewfik Badrawi , Mohammed Gaafer and numerous other wealthy members of Cairo society enjoyed her company .
tewfik badrawi , mohammed gaafer and [many] other wealthy members of cairo society enjoyed her company .

Interruptions came largely from the bench , which numerous times rebuked the Attorney General for letting his witnesses run on , though it , too , made no serious effort to choke off the flow .
interruptions came largely from the bench , which [many] times rebuked the attorney general for letting his witnesses run on , though it , too , made no serious effort to choke off the flow .

most of the information elicited in Jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous War Crimes tribunals and investigating commissions , and by reports , memoirs , and survivors' accounts .
most of the information elicited in jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the [many] war crimes tribunals and investigating commissions , and by reports , memoirs , and survivors' accounts .

Today's earthquakes are most numerous in belts where the earth's restlessness is presently concentrated , but scars of the past show that there is no part of the earth that has not had them .
today's earthquakes are most [many] in belts where the earth's restlessness is presently concentrated , but scars of the past show that there is no part of the earth that has not had them .

the numerous squabbles over minor matters ; ;
the [many] squabbles over minor matters ; ;

Despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of numerous documentaries , art films , and travelogues , despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as Cinerama , the movies are at heart a form of fiction , like the play , the novel , or the short story .
despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of [many] documentaries , art films , and travelogues , despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as cinerama , the movies are at heart a form of fiction , like the play , the novel , or the short story .

After he had spent the first three years in New York as associate conductor , at Toscanini's invitation , of the NBC Orchestra , he made numerous guest appearances throughout the United States and Latin America .
after he had spent the first three years in new york as associate conductor , at toscanini's invitation , of the nbc orchestra , he made [many] guest appearances throughout the united states and latin america .

The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses .
the hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as [many] as the traces of shod horses .

beyond itself , also , it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann's work .
beyond itself , also , it evokes [many] and distant resonances from the entire body of mann's work .

Because Bright's speeches were so much a part of him , there are long and numerous quotations , which , far from making the biography diffuse , help to give us the feel of the man .
because bright's speeches were so much a part of him , there are long and [many] quotations , which , far from making the biography diffuse , help to give us the feel of the man .

The novels and stories like Pohl's Drunkard's Walk ( 1960 ) , with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim background -- in this case an uneasy , overpopulated world in which the mass of people do uninteresting routine jobs while a carefully selected , university-trained elite runs everything -- are in all likelihood as numerous as dystopias .
the novels and stories like pohl's drunkard's walk ( 1960 ) , with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim background -- in this case an uneasy , overpopulated world in which the mass of people do uninteresting routine jobs while a carefully selected , university-trained elite runs everything -- are in all likelihood as [many] as dystopias .

They are written by specialists in numerous types of business enterprises , cover a wide range of subjects , and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm .
they are written by specialists in [many] types of business enterprises , cover a wide range of subjects , and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm .

Taxation of tangible movable property in Rhode Island has been generally of a `` hands off '' nature due possibly to several reasons : ( 1 ) local assessors , in the main , are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs , ( 2 ) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult , and ( 3 ) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property .
taxation of tangible movable property in rhode island has been generally of a `` hands off '' nature due possibly to several reasons : ( 1 ) local assessors , in the main , are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs , ( 2 ) the [many] categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult , and ( 3 ) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property .

The staff utilized the collected material in these registries for numerous lectures to national and international meetings , exhibits , and published studies .
the staff utilized the collected material in these registries for [many] lectures to national and international meetings , exhibits , and published studies .

A president is frequently besieged to serve in non-academic civic and governmental capacities , to make speeches to lay groups , and to make numerous ceremonial appearances on and off campus .
a president is frequently besieged to serve in non-academic civic and governmental capacities , to make speeches to lay groups , and to make [many] ceremonial appearances on and off campus .

Thus , direct comparisons can be drawn with free burning arcs which have been studied in detail during the past years and decades by numerous investigators ( Ref. 3 ) .
thus , direct comparisons can be drawn with free burning arcs which have been studied in detail during the past years and decades by [many] investigators ( ref. 3 ) .

and , indeed , there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active , builder , antiredeposition agent , etc. than there is to assign individual actions to each of the numerous isomers making up a given commercial organic active .
and , indeed , there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active , builder , antiredeposition agent , etc. than there is to assign individual actions to each of the [many] isomers making up a given commercial organic active .

The most distal airways are similar to those found in type 1 , , being composed of numerous , apparently true terminal bronchioles and occasional , poorly developed respiratory bronchioles ( figs. 14 , 15 ) .
the most distal airways are similar to those found in type 1 , , being composed of [many] , apparently true terminal bronchioles and occasional , poorly developed respiratory bronchioles ( figs. 14 , 15 ) .

Since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on numerous occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this adjustment crisis .
since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on [many] occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this adjustment crisis .

The possibilities in the consonantal system are very numerous , and only a small portion of them are actually used .
the possibilities in the consonantal system are very [many] , and only a small portion of them are actually used .

As stated in Seaboard and numerous other cases , the two primary reasons for the enactment of section 203 of the United States Code were to prevent the Government from having to deal with more than one claimant and to prevent the assignment of meretricious claims on a contingent-fee basis .
as stated in seaboard and [many] other cases , the two primary reasons for the enactment of section 203 of the united states code were to prevent the government from having to deal with more than one claimant and to prevent the assignment of meretricious claims on a contingent-fee basis .

And the authors give numerous instances of calculated guessing on the patient's part to show how large a role it played in his process of readapting himself and how proficient he became at it .
and the authors give [many] instances of calculated guessing on the patient's part to show how large a role it played in his process of readapting himself and how proficient he became at it .

objects in gold , ivory , and bronze grow more numerous .
objects in gold , ivory , and bronze grow more [many] .

Even a hasty reader will easily find in it numerous blind spots , errors of fact and argument , important exclusions , areas of ignorance and prejudice , undue emphases on trivia , examples of broad positions supported by flimsy evidence , and the like .
even a hasty reader will easily find in it [many] blind spots , errors of fact and argument , important exclusions , areas of ignorance and prejudice , undue emphases on trivia , examples of broad positions supported by flimsy evidence , and the like .

Either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines , because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns .
either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines , because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of [many] synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns .

Any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen .
any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled [many] lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen .

True , we do not know how they were regarded in their day , but we need not believe the epic audience to have been more insensitive to the formulas than the numerous scholars of modern times who have read Germanic or Homeric poetry all their lives and still found much to admire in occasional occurrences of the most familiar phrases .
true , we do not know how they were regarded in their day , but we need not believe the epic audience to have been more insensitive to the formulas than the [many] scholars of modern times who have read germanic or homeric poetry all their lives and still found much to admire in occasional occurrences of the most familiar phrases .

Numerous cooperating individuals in Great Britain , Holland , the United States , and Belgium have contributed editorially or by making calculations .
[many] cooperating individuals in great britain , holland , the united states , and belgium have contributed editorially or by making calculations .

Selection of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including required dose rate , load factor , throughput , convenience , safety , and most important , costs .
selection of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of [many] factors including required dose rate , load factor , throughput , convenience , safety , and most important , costs .

The internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the numerous internal reflections due to deviations from the prescribed , cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute imperfections of the core-jacket interface .
the internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the [many] internal reflections due to deviations from the prescribed , cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute imperfections of the core-jacket interface .

When he was twelve he took to reading St. Augustine and Aquinas , then Lao-tse , Confucius , Mencius , Suzuki , Hindu tomes by endless Krishnaists and numerous socio-archaeological papers .
when he was twelve he took to reading st. augustine and aquinas , then lao-tse , confucius , mencius , suzuki , hindu tomes by endless krishnaists and [many] socio-archaeological papers .

He told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities .
he told hanford his son had participated in [many] high-school activities .

The Spitfire has featured in numerous movies including the Battle of Britain .
the spitfire has featured in [many] movies including the battle of britain .

Now aged seven he 's undergone numerous skin-graft operations .
now aged seven he 's undergone [many] skin-graft operations .

With council and hospitals not understanding their needs , Pat Ayres often has to make numerous calls just to get a new supply of syringes or nappies .
with council and hospitals not understanding their needs , pat ayres often has to make [many] calls just to get a new supply of syringes or nappies .

The pictures were drawn after piecing together numerous witness statements .
the pictures were drawn after piecing together [many] witness statements .

Following numerous complaints the Vicar of Woodford has been told to put his house in order .
following [many] complaints the vicar of woodford has been told to put his house in order .

There have been numerous clashes between land-owners and new-age travllers in the county — last October two farmers lost 10 sheep in several attacks by dogs which they say came from a nearby travellers encampment .
there have been [many] clashes between land-owners and new-age travllers in the county — last october two farmers lost 10 sheep in several attacks by dogs which they say came from a nearby travellers encampment .

His car has been stolen or broken into 7 times , his home in Swindon has seen numerous burglaries .
his car has been stolen or broken into 7 times , his home in swindon has seen [many] burglaries .

to Barry along with other , numerous other people
to barry along with other , [many] other people

Erm , well there are numerous theories put forward about it
erm , well there are [many] theories put forward about it

It 's a modern gag idea that you know , Violet dressed as man or but in , Johnson ha there have numerous kinds of disguises , each
it 's a modern gag idea that you know , violet dressed as man or but in , johnson ha there have [many] kinds of disguises , each

Numerous people arrested after the army assault on Tiananmen Square are known to be still imprisoned , even though Beijing may not classify them either as students or political prisoners .
[many] people arrested after the army assault on tiananmen square are known to be still imprisoned , even though beijing may not classify them either as students or political prisoners .

The judge added : ‘ You have been convicted of numerous offences in the past .
the judge added : ‘ you have been convicted of [many] offences in the past .

Paul Bedworth , now studying artificial intelligence in Edinburgh , is said to have spent hours in his bedroom using a £200 terminal he received as a Christmas present to cause chaos , by breaching hi-tech systems in numerous countries .
paul bedworth , now studying artificial intelligence in edinburgh , is said to have spent hours in his bedroom using a £200 terminal he received as a christmas present to cause chaos , by breaching hi-tech systems in [many] countries .

‘ There were numerous instances involving knives , one instance involving a shotgun .
‘ there were [many] instances involving knives , one instance involving a shotgun .

He handles numerous legal aid cases and , as a member of the Law Society 's working party on the proposed changes , has observed the changes more closely than most .
he handles [many] legal aid cases and , as a member of the law society 's working party on the proposed changes , has observed the changes more closely than most .

The banking service allows funds to be deposited in numerous foreign currencies as well as the dollar , and the conversion rates charged to customers are lower than those of commercial bank or exchange centres .
the banking service allows funds to be deposited in [many] foreign currencies as well as the dollar , and the conversion rates charged to customers are lower than those of commercial bank or exchange centres .

At the same time beside the Alliance Works ' numerous sidings were two-and-a-half-miles of viaduct waiting to go to Argentina .
at the same time beside the alliance works ' [many] sidings were two-and-a-half-miles of viaduct waiting to go to argentina .

There are numerous offices to let and for sale already within Darlington do we really need another one ? Significantly , your photograph alongside Coun Williams ' letter , illustrates this point more eloquently than words .
there are [many] offices to let and for sale already within darlington do we really need another one ? significantly , your photograph alongside coun williams ' letter , illustrates this point more eloquently than words .

Shop owners had made numerous complaints that delivery lorries could not get to their premises , he said .
shop owners had made [many] complaints that delivery lorries could not get to their premises , he said .

His spokesman Mr Zlobin said Mr Khasbulatov was receiving numerous telegrams of support for the results of the Congress session .
his spokesman mr zlobin said mr khasbulatov was receiving [many] telegrams of support for the results of the congress session .

Mr Brown recalled numerous election pledges by the Chancellor , Norman Lamont , and the Prime Minister that they would not raise taxes and added : ‘ These were calculated , cold-blooded and cynical statements made simply to win an election campaign .
mr brown recalled [many] election pledges by the chancellor , norman lamont , and the prime minister that they would not raise taxes and added : ‘ these were calculated , cold-blooded and cynical statements made simply to win an election campaign .

Angus McInnes , 33 , from Stirling , who was said to be an alcoholic , pled guilty to committing lewd , indecent and libidinous acts towards the girl on numerous occasions between May 1988 and May 1992 .
angus mcinnes , 33 , from stirling , who was said to be an alcoholic , pled guilty to committing lewd , indecent and libidinous acts towards the girl on [many] occasions between may 1988 and may 1992 .

He has gained numerous honours and awards , most notably the Nobel Peace prize in 1989 , as well as the Albert Schweitzer Humanitarian Award and the Lincoln Award for leadership in the service of freedom .
he has gained [many] honours and awards , most notably the nobel peace prize in 1989 , as well as the albert schweitzer humanitarian award and the lincoln award for leadership in the service of freedom .

Named ‘ the national salvage man ’ by a former French finance minister , Pierre Pflimlin , Floirat rescued numerous failing companies .
named ‘ the national salvage man ’ by a former french finance minister , pierre pflimlin , floirat rescued [many] failing companies .

His outside interests were numerous and varied .
his outside interests were [many] and varied .

The fiery Scot has had numerous run-ins with referees and linesmen since taking over as manager of Rangers in 1986 .
the fiery scot has had [many] run-ins with referees and linesmen since taking over as manager of rangers in 1986 .

She said the house had been damp for a year and she had complained to the council on numerous occasions .
she said the house had been damp for a year and she had complained to the council on [many] occasions .

The charity has to rely on public generosity and numerous fundraising ventures to fund the scheme locally .
the charity has to rely on public generosity and [many] fundraising ventures to fund the scheme locally .

But on numerous other occasions during our six hour excursion the police tactics worked superbly .
but on [many] other occasions during our six hour excursion the police tactics worked superbly .

But before that , to the north , numerous small rivers and tributaries — including the likes of the Bruar Water , the Banvie , the Tilt and the Fender Burn have all fattened the River Garry before it feeds into the Tummel and on down into the Tay .
but before that , to the north , [many] small rivers and tributaries — including the likes of the bruar water , the banvie , the tilt and the fender burn have all fattened the river garry before it feeds into the tummel and on down into the tay .

In it , he describes numerous man-made intrusions into the natural environment which have had disastrous side-effects , making the point that the connections within natural systems are often so complex , and the effects of changes so unpredictable , that it is wise to ensure the good imitative ‘ fit ’ of any intervention .
in it , he describes [many] man-made intrusions into the natural environment which have had disastrous side-effects , making the point that the connections within natural systems are often so complex , and the effects of changes so unpredictable , that it is wise to ensure the good imitative ‘ fit ’ of any intervention .

Rangers , of course , have had to make do without Gough on numerous occasions this season because of injury and , while acknowledging that he is inspirational , they have not found the loss costly .
rangers , of course , have had to make do without gough on [many] occasions this season because of injury and , while acknowledging that he is inspirational , they have not found the loss costly .

But on numerous other occasions during our si-hour excursion the police tactics worked superbly .
but on [many] other occasions during our si-hour excursion the police tactics worked superbly .

Harry Gent , at any rate , always claimed that it arose from the numerous illegal cockfights that were held in the cellar .
harry gent , at any rate , always claimed that it arose from the [many] illegal cockfights that were held in the cellar .

Hankin , who spent 18 months at Peterborough under John Wile before being released in 1985 , saw his young braves survive numerous corners and hold on to a point against a side who have seen off Liverpool and Newcastle at home this season .
hankin , who spent 18 months at peterborough under john wile before being released in 1985 , saw his young braves survive [many] corners and hold on to a point against a side who have seen off liverpool and newcastle at home this season .

The mainline tracks bordered the entire length of Springfield , and numerous sidings ran into the works .
the mainline tracks bordered the entire length of springfield , and [many] sidings ran into the works .

In the last century , Stivvies had been able to compete for contracts with the numerous small British railways , but now they were beginning to amalgamate .
in the last century , stivvies had been able to compete for contracts with the [many] small british railways , but now they were beginning to amalgamate .

Between 1965 and 1970 , he photographed numerous covers for Saturday Review magazine .
between 1965 and 1970 , he photographed [many] covers for saturday review magazine .

Born in Hawick , he was a late starter in photography , having worked for several years with a water board , but his eye for a picture has brought him distinction on numerous occasions .
born in hawick , he was a late starter in photography , having worked for several years with a water board , but his eye for a picture has brought him distinction on [many] occasions .

Nicknamed ‘ The Soap ’ for the ease with which he escaped from custody , Fargette was apparently trying to expand his hold over the area in and around Toulon where he was in control of numerous gambling bars and night clubs .
nicknamed ‘ the soap ’ for the ease with which he escaped from custody , fargette was apparently trying to expand his hold over the area in and around toulon where he was in control of [many] gambling bars and night clubs .

Telomeric DNAs have been isolated from numerous evolutionary distant species ranging from yeast to human .
telomeric dnas have been isolated from [many] evolutionary distant species ranging from yeast to human .

Jude Chaminda , of Colwyn Bay , the former Denbighshire Colts captain , is found a place on merit following his numerous bountiful performances this season including top score 78 against unbeaten leaders Bangor last Saturday .
jude chaminda , of colwyn bay , the former denbighshire colts captain , is found a place on merit following his [many] bountiful performances this season including top score 78 against unbeaten leaders bangor last saturday .

There were numerous personal bests and three Grade Three performances .
there were [many] personal bests and three grade three performances .

Jude Chaminda , of Colwyn Bay , the former Denbighshire Colts captain , is found a place on merit following his numerous bountiful performances this season including top score 78 against unbeaten leaders Bangor last Saturday .
jude chaminda , of colwyn bay , the former denbighshire colts captain , is found a place on merit following his [many] bountiful performances this season including top score 78 against unbeaten leaders bangor last saturday .

The centre 's manager , Peter Struthers , said last night : ‘ Since we lost George , my wife Ann and myself had paid numerous visits to pet shops over a wide area , on the off chance that he had been brought along by the two thieves .
the centre 's manager , peter struthers , said last night : ‘ since we lost george , my wife ann and myself had paid [many] visits to pet shops over a wide area , on the off chance that he had been brought along by the two thieves .

The blaze caused extensive damage at the disused English Martyrs High School at Orford , Warrington scene of numerous fires and acts of vandalism in recent months .
the blaze caused extensive damage at the disused english martyrs high school at orford , warrington scene of [many] fires and acts of vandalism in recent months .

When first launched , the Mersey Barrage scheme was projected to create 5,000 construction jobs and numerous leisure spin-offs .
when first launched , the mersey barrage scheme was projected to create 5,000 construction jobs and [many] leisure spin-offs .

Anyone who knows anything about the building workers and continued process working will understand that there are numerous reasons why it is impossible to have a 40 hour working week .
anyone who knows anything about the building workers and continued process working will understand that there are [many] reasons why it is impossible to have a 40 hour working week .

After all , she 's hit the headlines on numerous occasions , what with smashing up the inside of a taxi a couple of years ago and then being done for speeding twice in the space of about 15 minutes .
after all , she 's hit the headlines on [many] occasions , what with smashing up the inside of a taxi a couple of years ago and then being done for speeding twice in the space of about 15 minutes .

Such ill-dressed creatures , with their expressions of bruised innocence , may also consider that their manners have made numerous pubs across our region no-go areas for anyone over the age of 30 .
such ill-dressed creatures , with their expressions of bruised innocence , may also consider that their manners have made [many] pubs across our region no-go areas for anyone over the age of 30 .

you have no outer wall , but numerous apartheids
you have no outer wall , but [many] apartheids

Celie is fourteen years old , she has one sister , Nettie and numerous half brothers and sisters .
celie is fourteen years old , she has one sister , nettie and [many] half brothers and sisters .

The publications resulting from these collected data are far too numerous to list individually though such a directory is available . The main sources are :
the publications resulting from these collected data are far too [many] to list individually though such a directory is available . the main sources are :

It will generally be politic to avoid the antipathy of these readers by eschewing forms such as ‘ different to ’ , ‘ less people ’ and ‘ the most numerous sex ’ .
it will generally be politic to avoid the antipathy of these readers by eschewing forms such as ‘ different to ’ , ‘ less people ’ and ‘ the most [many] sex ’ .

For example , if there is an imbalance of the sexes in an age group either through natural variation in the sex ratio or because men have been killed during war or are at war , the overall marriage rate for that age will tend to fall temporarily and that for the less numerous sex will rise .
for example , if there is an imbalance of the sexes in an age group either through natural variation in the sex ratio or because men have been killed during war or are at war , the overall marriage rate for that age will tend to fall temporarily and that for the less [many] sex will rise .

In the case of a nationalized industry , on the other hand , objectives are more numerous , more ambiguous and less distinguishable from qualifying conditions .
in the case of a nationalized industry , on the other hand , objectives are more [many] , more ambiguous and less distinguishable from qualifying conditions .

By the end of the boom the machines confronting the average worker not only were more numerous than before but also bore little resemblance to those in use two decades previously .
by the end of the boom the machines confronting the average worker not only were more [many] than before but also bore little resemblance to those in use two decades previously .

When admiring a piece of pottery it is sometime difficult to think of the individuals involved in its manufacture — not the proprietors or owners of the firm , but the workforce ; the potters , the kilnmen who stacked , fired and controlled the kilns , the printers , the decorators and the numerous other people who performed their often strenuous tasks in conditions ranging from good to awful .
when admiring a piece of pottery it is sometime difficult to think of the individuals involved in its manufacture — not the proprietors or owners of the firm , but the workforce ; the potters , the kilnmen who stacked , fired and controlled the kilns , the printers , the decorators and the [many] other people who performed their often strenuous tasks in conditions ranging from good to awful .

Toni , recently voted the Most Fanciable Object of Desire , had to contend with numerous assaults on to the stage .
toni , recently voted the most fanciable object of desire , had to contend with [many] assaults on to the stage .

‘ The more we have wandered over this interesting district , ’ Gordon enthuses , ‘ the more we have felt and appreciated its numerous charms .
‘ the more we have wandered over this interesting district , ’ gordon enthuses , ‘ the more we have felt and appreciated its [many] charms .

‘ But it could also seriously affect the health of schoolchildren as numerous studies have shown that milk plays a vital part in their nutritional intake .
‘ but it could also seriously affect the health of schoolchildren as [many] studies have shown that milk plays a vital part in their nutritional intake .

Throughout the Indian subcontinent , the numerous disjointed populations relied upon the combined expertise and devotion to engineering excellence of Victorian British Made Limited .
throughout the indian subcontinent , the [many] disjointed populations relied upon the combined expertise and devotion to engineering excellence of victorian british made limited .

Numerous torsos are tattooed : the most affectionate was a young man who had Michelle written above his right nipple and Stephen over his left .
[many] torsos are tattooed : the most affectionate was a young man who had michelle written above his right nipple and stephen over his left .

During that time it has had numerous facelifts , and in what must surely be the last of its nine lives , the Big Cat has had another .
during that time it has had [many] facelifts , and in what must surely be the last of its nine lives , the big cat has had another .

Northumbrian Water offices have received telephone inquiries and Labour 's Stuart Bell said he had been contacted by numerous people claiming they were having to pay more .
northumbrian water offices have received telephone inquiries and labour 's stuart bell said he had been contacted by [many] people claiming they were having to pay more .

And the outcome was the Wildfowl and Wetlands Centre , home to numerous species of birds and one of the country 's great sanctuaries .
and the outcome was the wildfowl and wetlands centre , home to [many] species of birds and one of the country 's great sanctuaries .

He has had numerous sporting achievements recognised over the last year .
he has had [many] sporting achievements recognised over the last year .

Long-serving Steve Lawson , a former Cleveland Park track record-holder , has been racing since 1974 but he has proved on numerous occasions that he 's a hard man to beat on the tricky Middlesbrough track .
long-serving steve lawson , a former cleveland park track record-holder , has been racing since 1974 but he has proved on [many] occasions that he 's a hard man to beat on the tricky middlesbrough track .

Numerous Peases , Backhouses and Mounseys were there and the young man with the slicked back hair in the front row is Sir Charles Starmer .
[many] peases , backhouses and mounseys were there and the young man with the slicked back hair in the front row is sir charles starmer .

All of the fish , and numerous smaller ones , were returned unharmed to the lakes .
all of the fish , and [many] smaller ones , were returned unharmed to the lakes .

They have sold over million albums around the globe , played around a thousand sold-out shows and enjoyed numerous hit singles .
they have sold over million albums around the globe , played around a thousand sold-out shows and enjoyed [many] hit singles .

Over the years they have been inducted into the Maori nation in New Zealand , a rare honour , have packed soccer stadiums in Uruguay and Chile which make Wembley look like a park pitch and have successfully led the way for numerous reggae bands to grab a slice of the American popular music market .
over the years they have been inducted into the maori nation in new zealand , a rare honour , have packed soccer stadiums in uruguay and chile which make wembley look like a park pitch and have successfully led the way for [many] reggae bands to grab a slice of the american popular music market .

It almost caused numerous accidents , here narrowly avoiding a head-on collision .
it almost caused [many] accidents , here narrowly avoiding a head-on collision .

Belfast Crown Court heard that the couple 's six-year relationship had been stormy and that they had hit each other on numerous occasions .
belfast crown court heard that the couple 's six-year relationship had been stormy and that they had hit each other on [many] occasions .

Continued pressure by the home side gave Shorts numerous corners but they failed to convert .
continued pressure by the home side gave shorts [many] corners but they failed to convert .

Philip Anderson ( Holywood ) has taken over the reins at Lisnagarvey from Terry Gregg and hopes to emulate the numerous successes achieved there in recent seasons .
philip anderson ( holywood ) has taken over the reins at lisnagarvey from terry gregg and hopes to emulate the [many] successes achieved there in recent seasons .

The meeting between the residents and the authorities was called because of numerous complaints about the amount of mud falling from the lorries .
the meeting between the residents and the authorities was called because of [many] complaints about the amount of mud falling from the lorries .

And if these applications were not approved then the council could face court action from numerous groups .
and if these applications were not approved then the council could face court action from [many] groups .

Undoubtedly adolescence is the one which raises numerous transient problems in terms of puberty particularly , in terms of physical change , where adolescents become very worried about their , their body image , about the changes that are happening to them physically .
undoubtedly adolescence is the one which raises [many] transient problems in terms of puberty particularly , in terms of physical change , where adolescents become very worried about their , their body image , about the changes that are happening to them physically .

Of the recent English titles issued , most ( 94 % ) had been acquired by copyright deposit , but although the proportion of English titles which had been purchased was small ( 4 % ) , in numerical terms they were three times as numerous as non-English purchases .
of the recent english titles issued , most ( 94 % ) had been acquired by copyright deposit , but although the proportion of english titles which had been purchased was small ( 4 % ) , in numerical terms they were three times as [many] as non-english purchases .

It should be noted , moreover , that the ability of the present Call-slip analysis exercise to determine the date of publication of a much greater proportion of items issued ( 97 % as opposed to 65 % on each of the two earlier occasions ) means that its results are much more accurate , and that the higher incidence of pre-1900 publications recorded by the earlier surveys probably can , therefore , be attributed , in large measure , not to any radically different pattern of reading at these times , but to the fact that the numerous undated call-slips occurring then almost certainly contained a high proportion which related to more modern publications .
it should be noted , moreover , that the ability of the present call-slip analysis exercise to determine the date of publication of a much greater proportion of items issued ( 97 % as opposed to 65 % on each of the two earlier occasions ) means that its results are much more accurate , and that the higher incidence of pre-1900 publications recorded by the earlier surveys probably can , therefore , be attributed , in large measure , not to any radically different pattern of reading at these times , but to the fact that the [many] undated call-slips occurring then almost certainly contained a high proportion which related to more modern publications .

has had interests in numerous word puzzles and teasers in the past .
has had interests in [many] word puzzles and teasers in the past .

He has written seven books on the subject and contributed to numerous specialist magazines , but Scrabble is his main love now .
he has written seven books on the subject and contributed to [many] specialist magazines , but scrabble is his main love now .

This messes up our whole routine , especially when we have to make numerous trips to the pigeon holes to see if the mail has arrived , not to mention putting the post room in a turmoil .
this messes up our whole routine , especially when we have to make [many] trips to the pigeon holes to see if the mail has arrived , not to mention putting the post room in a turmoil .

It seems to ignore the way in which existing fares are calculated ' including as they do an element of ‘ taper ’ to avoid long journeys made up of several different sectors ‘ bolted together ’ from becoming too high : again something which would be difficult to replicate in a situation where the railways were operated by numerous regional franchises .
it seems to ignore the way in which existing fares are calculated ' including as they do an element of ‘ taper ’ to avoid long journeys made up of several different sectors ‘ bolted together ’ from becoming too high : again something which would be difficult to replicate in a situation where the railways were operated by [many] regional franchises .

The ongoing development is continued in the story right up to the present day and it is very interesting to see the numerous designs which have been tried , tested and put into operation .
the ongoing development is continued in the story right up to the present day and it is very interesting to see the [many] designs which have been tried , tested and put into operation .

In a statement carried by the Libyan news agency Jana , he said Bush had contributed to ‘ world tragedy ’ by his numerous attempts to create an American world order .
in a statement carried by the libyan news agency jana , he said bush had contributed to ‘ world tragedy ’ by his [many] attempts to create an american world order .

The licensing committee was told of numerous incidents involving people being attacked with bottles and glasses outside the premises .
the licensing committee was told of [many] incidents involving people being attacked with bottles and glasses outside the premises .

The hunting expeditions had become more numerous ; more and more time was spent in the isolated , leisurely magnificence of Schloss Pless in Upper Silesia , or with the Kaiserin and her entourage taking the waters at Bad Homburg .
the hunting expeditions had become more [many] ; more and more time was spent in the isolated , leisurely magnificence of schloss pless in upper silesia , or with the kaiserin and her entourage taking the waters at bad homburg .

Two bullets hit him in the left arm , and numerous metal fragments flew into his face , including a piece in his jaw which could never be extracted .
two bullets hit him in the left arm , and [many] metal fragments flew into his face , including a piece in his jaw which could never be extracted .

Even after the first attacks numerous destroyed , burning vehicles would have blocked the road .
even after the first attacks [many] destroyed , burning vehicles would have blocked the road .

The Company has numerous examples of such products which bring enhanced safety and environmental benefit to our customers and the public .
the company has [many] examples of such products which bring enhanced safety and environmental benefit to our customers and the public .

There are numerous by-products from these plants , most of them useful as chemicals and the rest as fuel .
there are [many] by-products from these plants , most of them useful as chemicals and the rest as fuel .

Participation in the numerous Saturday morning inter-school team games is encouraged .
participation in the [many] saturday morning inter-school team games is encouraged .

Numerous four-terminal networks of the passive linear type have been considered in the earlier chapters , for example , transformers , attenuators , filters and phase-shift networks .
[many] four-terminal networks of the passive linear type have been considered in the earlier chapters , for example , transformers , attenuators , filters and phase-shift networks .

but in the middle of all that of course there were numerous little bits of temporary traffic lights at roadworks which
but in the middle of all that of course there were [many] little bits of temporary traffic lights at roadworks which

Steven and his numerous family are still on the canal 's somewhere having a hol .
steven and his [many] family are still on the canal 's somewhere having a hol .

As these fish are mostly open spawners , it is pointless supplying numerous caves made of rockpiles as they may be moved during the fish 's excavations .
as these fish are mostly open spawners , it is pointless supplying [many] caves made of rockpiles as they may be moved during the fish 's excavations .

New Wave is the name of the company ; Aqua-Link the name of the filters ; and Sea-Max and Sea-Pro the name of the two models both of which incorporate extremely advanced features too numerous to mention here .
new wave is the name of the company ; aqua-link the name of the filters ; and sea-max and sea-pro the name of the two models both of which incorporate extremely advanced features too [many] to mention here .

Another important staging post in animal evolution in the seas was a change from the soft-bodied creatures to those with a hard protective exterior , as predatory species became more numerous .
another important staging post in animal evolution in the seas was a change from the soft-bodied creatures to those with a hard protective exterior , as predatory species became more [many] .

It is wealthy and owns numerous buildings , often made use of by other organisations ( for instance for meetings , jumble sales or offices ) .
it is wealthy and owns [many] buildings , often made use of by other organisations ( for instance for meetings , jumble sales or offices ) .

Many mothers were upset because they feared for the safety of their children — and because , for numerous women , control over young people had been one of the few ways to exercise power in society .
many mothers were upset because they feared for the safety of their children — and because , for [many] women , control over young people had been one of the few ways to exercise power in society .

Women 's organisations had publicised the fact that wives were often assaulted ( sometimes raped ) by their husbands , and that numerous children were severely beaten or sexually abused by men in their families .
women 's organisations had publicised the fact that wives were often assaulted ( sometimes raped ) by their husbands , and that [many] children were severely beaten or sexually abused by men in their families .

For a number of reasons , then , there were numerous Anglicans ready to respond to the message of moral crusaders who campaigned on a range of issues , from telephone chatlines to abortion .
for a number of reasons , then , there were [many] anglicans ready to respond to the message of moral crusaders who campaigned on a range of issues , from telephone chatlines to abortion .

During the dispute , numerous people wrote letters protesting against the Diocese of London 's behaviour .
during the dispute , [many] people wrote letters protesting against the diocese of london 's behaviour .

Zipper , a gay sex shop in North London , has a licence but has been raided on numerous occasions by the Obscene Publications Squad .
zipper , a gay sex shop in north london , has a licence but has been raided on [many] occasions by the obscene publications squad .

She had been prodded , probed , examined and X-rayed on numerous occasions , but no cause for her ill-heath could be unearthed .
she had been prodded , probed , examined and x-rayed on [many] occasions , but no cause for her ill-heath could be unearthed .

In addition the fish belonging to this group require huge amounts of rockwork , arranged to produce numerous caves to simulate their natural habitat .
in addition the fish belonging to this group require huge amounts of rockwork , arranged to produce [many] caves to simulate their natural habitat .

The numerous inns providing car parking in their spacious yards and former stables are remaining links with Howden 's previous importance .
the [many] inns providing car parking in their spacious yards and former stables are remaining links with howden 's previous importance .

There is a lively church and chapel community , based around St Peter 's church and St Mary 's Methodist chapel , and the church rooms , school hall , Methodist school room and the recently renovated British Legion hall , play host to numerous activities including social evenings , jumble sales , whist drives , bingo nights , antiques fairs , coffee afternoons and the like .
there is a lively church and chapel community , based around st peter 's church and st mary 's methodist chapel , and the church rooms , school hall , methodist school room and the recently renovated british legion hall , play host to [many] activities including social evenings , jumble sales , whist drives , bingo nights , antiques fairs , coffee afternoons and the like .

Although many of the houses were originally built earlier , development in the 18th century is marked by the numerous date stones on property about the village , the earliest being 1746 .
although many of the houses were originally built earlier , development in the 18th century is marked by the [many] date stones on property about the village , the earliest being 1746 .

It held regular services , ran a Sunday school and was involved in numerous village activities .
it held regular services , ran a sunday school and was involved in [many] village activities .

The shelves in the living room of Chris Cobley 's London home are filled with certificates and trophies , including numerous ‘ firsts ’ , which have been awarded at local shows for the high standard of his fish .
the shelves in the living room of chris cobley 's london home are filled with certificates and trophies , including [many] ‘ firsts ’ , which have been awarded at local shows for the high standard of his fish .

Wild Angels have bred in the tank quite happily on numerous occasions .
wild angels have bred in the tank quite happily on [many] occasions .

In addition to numerous small enquiries related to the war effort , major investigations were carried out on projects such as the proposed Mid-Scotland Ship Canal and suitable sites for hydroelectric schemes .
in addition to [many] small enquiries related to the war effort , major investigations were carried out on projects such as the proposed mid-scotland ship canal and suitable sites for hydroelectric schemes .

The other principal reason was the numerous changes in staff caused by transfer , resignation and retirals .
the other principal reason was the [many] changes in staff caused by transfer , resignation and retirals .

In the North Lowlands area , large parts of Fife , Perthshire , Kinross and the Central Coalfield have been mapped and memoirs and numerous papers have been published .
in the north lowlands area , large parts of fife , perthshire , kinross and the central coalfield have been mapped and memoirs and [many] papers have been published .

This can be achieved by sifting evidence from numerous self-reported crime studies and criminal victimization surveys .
this can be achieved by sifting evidence from [many] self-reported crime studies and criminal victimization surveys .

Numerous researchers ( Chambliss 1964 ; Duster 1970 ; Graham 1976 ; Gunningham 1974 ; Hall 1952 ; Haskins 1960 ; Hay 1975 ; Hopkins 1978 ; McCaghy and Denisoff 1973 ; Platt 1969 ; and Thompson 1975 ) have produced evidence consistent with the view that criminal law categories are ideological reflections of the interests of particular powerful groups .
[many] researchers ( chambliss 1964 ; duster 1970 ; graham 1976 ; gunningham 1974 ; hall 1952 ; haskins 1960 ; hay 1975 ; hopkins 1978 ; mccaghy and denisoff 1973 ; platt 1969 ; and thompson 1975 ) have produced evidence consistent with the view that criminal law categories are ideological reflections of the interests of particular powerful groups .

Environmental uncertainties for a corporation are so numerous as to defy classification , but none the less , there are five important sources of problems which potentially interfere with a corporation 's ability to achieve its goal(s) easily without bending , evading , or breaking legal regulations . These sources are :
environmental uncertainties for a corporation are so [many] as to defy classification , but none the less , there are five important sources of problems which potentially interfere with a corporation 's ability to achieve its goal(s) easily without bending , evading , or breaking legal regulations . these sources are :

It seems reasonable to infer from the above that numerous corporate executives , having already responded to the situational demands necessary for career mobility within an organization by displaying sufficient degrees of competitive ambition , shrewdness , and moral flexibility will experience a further development of these characteristics when they have to respond to the relatively unaccountable and unconstrained power of being at or near the top of a large national , but especially transnational corporation .
it seems reasonable to infer from the above that [many] corporate executives , having already responded to the situational demands necessary for career mobility within an organization by displaying sufficient degrees of competitive ambition , shrewdness , and moral flexibility will experience a further development of these characteristics when they have to respond to the relatively unaccountable and unconstrained power of being at or near the top of a large national , but especially transnational corporation .

These were involved because in a capitalist market economy , the organization of economic activity has historically been based on numerous fragmented units , each seeking to operate as profitably as possible , whilst paying only the costs which it is impossible to avoid .
these were involved because in a capitalist market economy , the organization of economic activity has historically been based on [many] fragmented units , each seeking to operate as profitably as possible , whilst paying only the costs which it is impossible to avoid .

Under these acts , the Alkali and Clean Air Inspectorate was responsible for ensuring that the emission of some pollution from industry was no more than ‘ practicably reasonable ’ , a level so ambiguous and vague and capable of numerous interpretations by corporate lawyers that the actual amount of pollution was frequently allowed to rise above a level found tolerable by local residents .
under these acts , the alkali and clean air inspectorate was responsible for ensuring that the emission of some pollution from industry was no more than ‘ practicably reasonable ’ , a level so ambiguous and vague and capable of [many] interpretations by corporate lawyers that the actual amount of pollution was frequently allowed to rise above a level found tolerable by local residents .

According to Braithwaite ( 1981b ) there are numerous reasons why smart lawyers are able to accomplish this form of economic deterrence .
according to braithwaite ( 1981b ) there are [many] reasons why smart lawyers are able to accomplish this form of economic deterrence .

With corporate crime however , there are always victims and they are frequently numerous .
with corporate crime however , there are always victims and they are frequently [many] .

As there were always numerous staff and porters available , it did not matter that it was extremely heavy to carry even when empty .
as there were always [many] staff and porters available , it did not matter that it was extremely heavy to carry even when empty .

Saints again struggled to get going in the second half and had to wait until three minutes from time for their final try through Hunte after numerous handling mistakes .
saints again struggled to get going in the second half and had to wait until three minutes from time for their final try through hunte after [many] handling mistakes .

‘ It would lead to numerous elderly , handicapped or socially difficult people being nominated as involuntary candidates for death . ’
‘ it would lead to [many] elderly , handicapped or socially difficult people being nominated as involuntary candidates for death . ’

Finches , grey wagtails , woodpeckers and numerous other birds filled the air with song while the friendly lemmings scampered around showing little fear of humans .
finches , grey wagtails , woodpeckers and [many] other birds filled the air with song while the friendly lemmings scampered around showing little fear of humans .

The paraglider itself is rectangular and made up of numerous cells or pockets running from the front to the rear of the wing .
the paraglider itself is rectangular and made up of [many] cells or pockets running from the front to the rear of the wing .

it has storage space savings due to numerous identical initial word segments .
it has storage space savings due to [many] identical initial word segments .

The chosen lexicon or word list must be represented in computer memory , but there are numerous methods which could be employed to do this , in order that it can easily be searched .
the chosen lexicon or word list must be represented in computer memory , but there are [many] methods which could be employed to do this , in order that it can easily be searched .

We have played in numerous county and Test games on a variety of grounds throughout the world and we have taken hundreds of wickets on all different types of surfaces .
we have played in [many] county and test games on a variety of grounds throughout the world and we have taken hundreds of wickets on all different types of surfaces .

One said afterwards : ‘ There were numerous other offences such as preparing raw and cooked meat on the same surfaces .
one said afterwards : ‘ there were [many] other offences such as preparing raw and cooked meat on the same surfaces .

He 's been pictured prancing the night away with 26-year-old Joanne on numerous occasions .
he 's been pictured prancing the night away with 26-year-old joanne on [many] occasions .

Butterflies are numerous on a warm day — including peacock , small tortoiseshell and brimstone .
butterflies are [many] on a warm day — including peacock , small tortoiseshell and brimstone .

‘ The people we deal with have four homes , 20 bank accounts and numerous businesses .
‘ the people we deal with have four homes , 20 bank accounts and [many] businesses .

Nicest — Too , too numerous to single out . Honest
nicest — too , too [many] to single out . honest

Olwen drove , and evolved a schedule of visiting her numerous girlfriends or looking for bargains in the shops whilst the others pitched the local council or union .
olwen drove , and evolved a schedule of visiting her [many] girlfriends or looking for bargains in the shops whilst the others pitched the local council or union .

The bureaucracy of both institutions caused numerous problems , particularly with the councils , where there were endless fixed meetings to attend , return trips , official hands to be shaken and backs to be slapped .
the bureaucracy of both institutions caused [many] problems , particularly with the councils , where there were endless fixed meetings to attend , return trips , official hands to be shaken and backs to be slapped .

However , the numerous formal international agreements on the laws of war actually say nothing directly on nuclear weapons .
however , the [many] formal international agreements on the laws of war actually say nothing directly on nuclear weapons .

As a result , large spheres of state activity and numerous forms of state regulation are beyond the reach of conventional levers of legal and political control .
as a result , large spheres of state activity and [many] forms of state regulation are beyond the reach of conventional levers of legal and political control .

The latter class is much the more numerous .
the latter class is much the more [many] .

After follow-up work on numerous social issues by the individual parish groups in Warrington , Runcorn and Frodsham we trust that the ideas of growing into the society God wants will be put in action in our community .
after follow-up work on [many] social issues by the individual parish groups in warrington , runcorn and frodsham we trust that the ideas of growing into the society god wants will be put in action in our community .

Unless you intend to fit double-glazing yourself ( and even ‘ Cling-film ’ can be very effective ) , it is best to get brochures and free estimates from several of the largest and longest-established firms in this field before making any decision , as there are numerous small firms selling sub-standard products at high prices .
unless you intend to fit double-glazing yourself ( and even ‘ cling-film ’ can be very effective ) , it is best to get brochures and free estimates from several of the largest and longest-established firms in this field before making any decision , as there are [many] small firms selling sub-standard products at high prices .

Nevertheless , it is useful to know that numerous contemporary sources described the various hues of the wines of this period as ‘ pale coloured and tawny ’ , ‘ with a rosy tinge ’ or even like a ‘ partridge 's eye ’ .
nevertheless , it is useful to know that [many] contemporary sources described the various hues of the wines of this period as ‘ pale coloured and tawny ’ , ‘ with a rosy tinge ’ or even like a ‘ partridge 's eye ’ .

During this monumental length of time , numerous forms of sea-life evolved , flourished , and became extinct , their calcareous bodies forming thin layers in the ever-thickening lime-mud .
during this monumental length of time , [many] forms of sea-life evolved , flourished , and became extinct , their calcareous bodies forming thin layers in the ever-thickening lime-mud .

With the advent of numerous chemical sprays to combat various disorders and pests , the greatest hazard facing the vine in Champagne today is frost .
with the advent of [many] chemical sprays to combat various disorders and pests , the greatest hazard facing the vine in champagne today is frost .

All the parasitic insects which may attack the vine in Champagne , with the exception of phylloxera , can be kept under control with numerous proprietary brands of insecticide , if treated early enough .
all the parasitic insects which may attack the vine in champagne , with the exception of phylloxera , can be kept under control with [many] proprietary brands of insecticide , if treated early enough .

The macho merchants among you could try braving the green blob , numerous wires and broken records that occupy the alternative route .
the macho merchants among you could try braving the green blob , [many] wires and broken records that occupy the alternative route .

But when Bob Cliff placed a numerous replica owls on the roof the noisy birds were successfully frightened away .
but when bob cliff placed a [many] replica owls on the roof the noisy birds were successfully frightened away .

Only in 1972 did the Trustees of the Imperial War Museum , alerted by ‘ the increasing level of violence in Northern Ireland ’ realise that , since 1945 , there had been a ‘ conspicuous absence of any contemporary art recording the involvement of British and Commonwealth forces in numerous small wars .
only in 1972 did the trustees of the imperial war museum , alerted by ‘ the increasing level of violence in northern ireland ’ realise that , since 1945 , there had been a ‘ conspicuous absence of any contemporary art recording the involvement of british and commonwealth forces in [many] small wars .

with numerous witty
with [many] witty

from numerous dressy family photographs ,
from [many] dressy family photographs ,

The numerous spidery capillaries scrawling their florid graffiti across her nose and cheeks gave their own silent clue as to her habits .
the [many] spidery capillaries scrawling their florid graffiti across her nose and cheeks gave their own silent clue as to her habits .

We walked through the gloomy , echoing streets to the pub , past turdy parks , past the Victorian school with outside toilets , past the numerous bomb-sites which were our true playgrounds and sexual schools , and past the neat gardens and scores of front rooms containing familiar strangers and televisions shining like dying lights .
we walked through the gloomy , echoing streets to the pub , past turdy parks , past the victorian school with outside toilets , past the [many] bomb-sites which were our true playgrounds and sexual schools , and past the neat gardens and scores of front rooms containing familiar strangers and televisions shining like dying lights .

He had not visited the place he was seeking before , but he knew it was there , and had heard tales of it from numerous acquaintances .
he had not visited the place he was seeking before , but he knew it was there , and had heard tales of it from [many] acquaintances .

Included in the sale are numerous letters , photographic albums , and Sir George 's notes while chairman of the England selectors — and his last car , a 1968 T-Series Bentley .
included in the sale are [many] letters , photographic albums , and sir george 's notes while chairman of the england selectors — and his last car , a 1968 t-series bentley .

Naturally , there are numerous possible designs for these , such as the use of open or closed questions , whether interviews are done singly or in groups , in the respondent 's home or work environment , or in some other setting .
naturally , there are [many] possible designs for these , such as the use of open or closed questions , whether interviews are done singly or in groups , in the respondent 's home or work environment , or in some other setting .

The whole mountain range is infested with Night Goblins , Trolls , Skaven and countless other less numerous but equally deadly creatures .
the whole mountain range is infested with night goblins , trolls , skaven and countless other less [many] but equally deadly creatures .

For nearly all of its length the Stir flows through the Great Forest and is fed by numerous springs and brooks .
for nearly all of its length the stir flows through the great forest and is fed by [many] springs and brooks .

At this point the river is divided into three main channels and there are numerous bridges crossing these waterways throughout the city .
at this point the river is divided into three main channels and there are [many] bridges crossing these waterways throughout the city .

In addition there are numerous cranes , chairlifts and rope ladders which are used to pull goods ( and sometimes people ) up the side of the cliffs .
in addition there are [many] cranes , chairlifts and rope ladders which are used to pull goods ( and sometimes people ) up the side of the cliffs .

On numerous occasions the succession has passed to near relatives ; at other times an entirely new dynasty has taken over either peaceably or otherwise .
on [many] occasions the succession has passed to near relatives ; at other times an entirely new dynasty has taken over either peaceably or otherwise .

They are relatively cheap in terms of points which means that they can be numerous .
they are relatively cheap in terms of points which means that they can be [many] .

The Knights of the White Wolf are one of the most numerous and powerful of the Knightly Orders .
the knights of the white wolf are one of the most [many] and powerful of the knightly orders .

Numerous analyses leave no doubt that the scale of these changes can not be explained by any combination of relative adjustments within the context of post-war international economic recovery , the emergence of new industrial nations , the vigorous operation of comparative advantage within a high growth of trade , or by the substantial increase in semi-manufactures [ Panic , 1975 ] .
[many] analyses leave no doubt that the scale of these changes can not be explained by any combination of relative adjustments within the context of post-war international economic recovery , the emergence of new industrial nations , the vigorous operation of comparative advantage within a high growth of trade , or by the substantial increase in semi-manufactures [ panic , 1975 ] .

The enormous expansion of higher education since 1960 has arguably provided a further extension of opportunity , but it has not succeeded in developing parity of esteem with universities for institutions supposed to be concentrating on vocational and technical education — an aspect which , once again , has invited numerous international comparisons [ Postan , 1967 ; Robbins , 1963 ] .
the enormous expansion of higher education since 1960 has arguably provided a further extension of opportunity , but it has not succeeded in developing parity of esteem with universities for institutions supposed to be concentrating on vocational and technical education — an aspect which , once again , has invited [many] international comparisons [ postan , 1967 ; robbins , 1963 ] .

There have been numerous and convincing criticisms of the data used in these exercises and of their disregard of other forces , in particular of the causal influence of prices on wage demands and of complex institutional pressures which result in marked stickiness in downward adjustments of wage rates [ Phelps Brown , 1975 ] .
there have been [many] and convincing criticisms of the data used in these exercises and of their disregard of other forces , in particular of the causal influence of prices on wage demands and of complex institutional pressures which result in marked stickiness in downward adjustments of wage rates [ phelps brown , 1975 ] .

That it was misplaced belief was not adequately perceived because , as numerous statistics make clear , Britain 's decline was relative and not absolute .
that it was misplaced belief was not adequately perceived because , as [many] statistics make clear , britain 's decline was relative and not absolute .

Lavish colour photographs give numerous tips for tempting presentations .
lavish colour photographs give [many] tips for tempting presentations .

The integrity of Swan construction has been proven in numerous circumnavigations .
the integrity of swan construction has been proven in [many] circumnavigations .

Heaven knows why , but numerous other GTi drivers seem to see us as some kind of personal challenge .
heaven knows why , but [many] other gti drivers seem to see us as some kind of personal challenge .

Ever since , numerous writers have paraphrased these sentiments , either in their fiction or through their own self-scrutiny .
ever since , [many] writers have paraphrased these sentiments , either in their fiction or through their own self-scrutiny .

Thus , Becker , in his historical survey of the numerous monographs published on the subject in the hundred years up to 1950 , notes that the vast majority had reached that conclusion ; though he also comments on the many different interpretations that were placed on the evidence .
thus , becker , in his historical survey of the [many] monographs published on the subject in the hundred years up to 1950 , notes that the vast majority had reached that conclusion ; though he also comments on the many different interpretations that were placed on the evidence .

The results of these studies are too numerous to detail here , but it turns out that the investigators concerned all reached fairly consistent conclusions about the personality traits that typified their subjects .
the results of these studies are too [many] to detail here , but it turns out that the investigators concerned all reached fairly consistent conclusions about the personality traits that typified their subjects .

When God the Father announced that He wished to marry her , she would have preferred the Manhood of Christ ; nevertheless , she was married to the Father in the presence of the Son , the Holy Ghost , the Virgin , the Twelve Apostles , St Katharine , St Paul , and numerous other saints and virgins .
when god the father announced that he wished to marry her , she would have preferred the manhood of christ ; nevertheless , she was married to the father in the presence of the son , the holy ghost , the virgin , the twelve apostles , st katharine , st paul , and [many] other saints and virgins .

Only in 1972 did the Trustees of the Imperial War Museum , alerted by ‘ the increasing level of violence in Northern Ireland ’ realise that , since 1945 , there had been a ‘ conspicuous absence of any contemporary art recording the involvement of British and Commonwealth forces in numerous small wars .
only in 1972 did the trustees of the imperial war museum , alerted by ‘ the increasing level of violence in northern ireland ’ realise that , since 1945 , there had been a ‘ conspicuous absence of any contemporary art recording the involvement of british and commonwealth forces in [many] small wars .

There are numerous steam jets and areas of superheated ground along fissure systems and ring faults .
there are [many] steam jets and areas of superheated ground along fissure systems and ring faults .

Work in the south of this complex has revealed a Palaeozoic turbidite sequence intruded by numerous elongated late-Triassic granites , unusually aluminous and in places topaz-bearing .
work in the south of this complex has revealed a palaeozoic turbidite sequence intruded by [many] elongated late-triassic granites , unusually aluminous and in places topaz-bearing .

Sir , — There have been numerous reports this year of Ipswich Town 's failure to get to grips with the increased demand for tickets .
sir , — there have been [many] reports this year of ipswich town 's failure to get to grips with the increased demand for tickets .

Any suggestion that this level of care is diminishing is not borne out in the findings of numerous studies .
any suggestion that this level of care is diminishing is not borne out in the findings of [many] studies .

Hence the numerous child abuse inquiries which have scrutinised , in minute detail , the actions of the professionals involved .
hence the [many] child abuse inquiries which have scrutinised , in minute detail , the actions of the professionals involved .

The numerous studies of artefact types that have been produced are important as they form the basis for the chronology of the period , but beyond that their relevance to the study of man has not been demonstrated ( Evison 1955 ; 1958 ; 1963 ; 1967 ; 1968 ; Swanton 1974 ; Avent 1975 ; Avent and Evison 1982 ; Hills 1981a ) .
the [many] studies of artefact types that have been produced are important as they form the basis for the chronology of the period , but beyond that their relevance to the study of man has not been demonstrated ( evison 1955 ; 1958 ; 1963 ; 1967 ; 1968 ; swanton 1974 ; avent 1975 ; avent and evison 1982 ; hills 1981a ) .

Similarly , there is a stronger awareness that graves are not merely places where artefacts can be obtained for study but are reservoirs of data reflecting numerous activities of a past society in addition to mortuary rituals .
similarly , there is a stronger awareness that graves are not merely places where artefacts can be obtained for study but are reservoirs of data reflecting [many] activities of a past society in addition to mortuary rituals .

This may only be a curiosity of Cowdery 's Down , for , on other contemporary settlements , pits and other deep features contained numerous seeds and animal bones .
this may only be a curiosity of cowdery 's down , for , on other contemporary settlements , pits and other deep features contained [many] seeds and animal bones .

The available archaeological data are the excavated settlements and the more numerous cemeteries .
the available archaeological data are the excavated settlements and the more [many] cemeteries .

The numerous wells at the port of Hamwic , Saxon Southampton , may have been encouraged by the high density of population , but the wells on farms like Odell , Bedfordshire , may imply an awareness of the risks from polluted water brought about by a growing population , or even the need to extend settlement onto good soils which were not close to water .
the [many] wells at the port of hamwic , saxon southampton , may have been encouraged by the high density of population , but the wells on farms like odell , bedfordshire , may imply an awareness of the risks from polluted water brought about by a growing population , or even the need to extend settlement onto good soils which were not close to water .

The coins are found in graves , hoards , reused in jewellery and as ‘ casual ’ finds , the last category being the most numerous .
the coins are found in graves , hoards , reused in jewellery and as ‘ casual ’ finds , the last category being the most [many] .

Alongside these luxuries we may consider a range of other imports to Kent , especially the numerous Frankish imports such as ornaments and weapons which were buried as grave-goods .
alongside these luxuries we may consider a range of other imports to kent , especially the [many] frankish imports such as ornaments and weapons which were buried as grave-goods .

The archaeological evidence is a kaleidoscope of numerous activities which differ from one area to the next through time .
the archaeological evidence is a kaleidoscope of [many] activities which differ from one area to the next through time .

They actually range from small globular vessels to larger storage vessels , as found at Sutton Courtenay ; some have a few or numerous perforations in the walls of the vessel .
they actually range from small globular vessels to larger storage vessels , as found at sutton courtenay ; some have a few or [many] perforations in the walls of the vessel .

Knives would obviously have been the most common tool in everyday life , being useful for numerous functions .
knives would obviously have been the most common tool in everyday life , being useful for [many] functions .

You will also be given weekend membership of the exclusive Country Club with its numerous facilities .
you will also be given weekend membership of the exclusive country club with its [many] facilities .

Consider the handsome facilities they have to offer : Three first class restaurants , each with its own distinct cuisine created by our award-winning chef , two convivial bars with , naturally , impeccable service , a dry ski slope , a fully-equipped trimnasium , a steam room , a heated indoor pool complete with rock formation , squash courts , saunas , beauty salon … the amenities are as numerous as they are varied .
consider the handsome facilities they have to offer : three first class restaurants , each with its own distinct cuisine created by our award-winning chef , two convivial bars with , naturally , impeccable service , a dry ski slope , a fully-equipped trimnasium , a steam room , a heated indoor pool complete with rock formation , squash courts , saunas , beauty salon … the amenities are as [many] as they are varied .

The three piece suites , in six fabric designs and numerous colourways , are from £949.95 .
the three piece suites , in six fabric designs and [many] colourways , are from £949.95 .

Ricky , sharing the back with two polo helmets , a new saddle and numerous carrier bags of shopping , was beginning to relax .
ricky , sharing the back with two polo helmets , a new saddle and [many] carrier bags of shopping , was beginning to relax .

It is amazing how the model world can come up with numerous variations on the same basic device .
it is amazing how the model world can come up with [many] variations on the same basic device .

At 8,000 feet numerous Bf109s attacked but were evaded in cloud , and the section broke up .
at 8,000 feet [many] bf109s attacked but were evaded in cloud , and the section broke up .

Numerous key Reagan administration figures were indicted for , and some convicted of , major offences ranging from violating federal ethics laws to perjury .
[many] key reagan administration figures were indicted for , and some convicted of , major offences ranging from violating federal ethics laws to perjury .

There are numerous good restaurants in Zakopane and similarly in the places where we travel for optional excursions .
there are [many] good restaurants in zakopane and similarly in the places where we travel for optional excursions .

Bird species are numerous as are rare flowers which include wild orchids .
bird species are [many] as are rare flowers which include wild orchids .

Alan Harding , having worked with me on numerous occasions , knows my limitations and has allowed plenty of time .
alan harding , having worked with me on [many] occasions , knows my limitations and has allowed plenty of time .

He noted that she 'd had numerous stomach pumps as a result of such accidents in the past , and someone should have cared .
he noted that she 'd had [many] stomach pumps as a result of such accidents in the past , and someone should have cared .

Even at its most basic it can break up a plain stocking stitch garment or it can be used as an all-over pattern there are numerous ways of arranging the cables to form different patterns .
even at its most basic it can break up a plain stocking stitch garment or it can be used as an all-over pattern there are [many] ways of arranging the cables to form different patterns .

Today Madeira consists of a curving longitudinal ridge with numerous minor ridges running north and south from it .
today madeira consists of a curving longitudinal ridge with [many] minor ridges running north and south from it .

This area to São Vicente is very sparsely populated and the road Passes through numerous tunnels and past cascading waterfalls , some of which give you a free car-wash , even in the summer when there has been no rain for months .
this area to são vicente is very sparsely populated and the road passes through [many] tunnels and past cascading waterfalls , some of which give you a free car-wash , even in the summer when there has been no rain for months .

Even the smallest garden in Madeira usually has a small courtyard with pergola for vine , passion fruit or rose and numerous pot plants — orchids , anthuriums and ferns .
even the smallest garden in madeira usually has a small courtyard with pergola for vine , passion fruit or rose and [many] pot plants — orchids , anthuriums and ferns .

It is interesting to see the gravestones of the numerous people who came here for a cure for consumptive diseases and remained for ever .
it is interesting to see the gravestones of the [many] people who came here for a cure for consumptive diseases and remained for ever .

Family unity is very strong in Madeira , not just amongst the immediate family , but through numerous cousins , aunts and uncles .
family unity is very strong in madeira , not just amongst the immediate family , but through [many] cousins , aunts and uncles .

Until their dissolution in 1832 , the Militia was the most numerous body in the archipelago .
until their dissolution in 1832 , the militia was the most [many] body in the archipelago .

Ostensibly , it is just one of numerous Hasidic sects , whose roots lie in the villages of eastern Europe .
ostensibly , it is just one of [many] hasidic sects , whose roots lie in the villages of eastern europe .

However , there are numerous communities where the Lubavitch rabbi has revived a community that was literally dying on its feet .
however , there are [many] communities where the lubavitch rabbi has revived a community that was literally dying on its feet .

Numerous characters surface in him up there tonight .
[many] characters surface in him up there tonight .

Sir William dealt with this in his own typical fashion , hanging three Douglas ringleaders there and then , but demanding a like example to be made of the Hamiltons , which was scarcely equitable , since the Douglases had started it all and were three times as numerous as their hereditary foes .
sir william dealt with this in his own typical fashion , hanging three douglas ringleaders there and then , but demanding a like example to be made of the hamiltons , which was scarcely equitable , since the douglases had started it all and were three times as [many] as their hereditary foes .

It seemed at first sight to be a chaos of struggling men and horses , a wild mêlée ; but soon it became apparent to the newcomers that it was in fact more like a whirlpool of activity , with the ambushed English , above whom the royal standard wavered uncertainly , in the centre , whilst their more numerous attackers circled round them , smiting and thrusting but apparently making only moderate impact .
it seemed at first sight to be a chaos of struggling men and horses , a wild mêlée ; but soon it became apparent to the newcomers that it was in fact more like a whirlpool of activity , with the ambushed english , above whom the royal standard wavered uncertainly , in the centre , whilst their more [many] attackers circled round them , smiting and thrusting but apparently making only moderate impact .

Certainly , in East and Central Africa official publications of one sort or another were more numerous than the sporadic and scattered indigenous African papers .
certainly , in east and central africa official publications of one sort or another were more [many] than the sporadic and scattered indigenous african papers .

Many men found girls in town with whom they lived without necessarily getting married : there were numerous songs about town women and how they compared with those from the rural areas .
many men found girls in town with whom they lived without necessarily getting married : there were [many] songs about town women and how they compared with those from the rural areas .

In the medieval period numerous communal experiments were set up , a number associated with monasticism , which involved the adoption by their members of communist principles .
in the medieval period [many] communal experiments were set up , a number associated with monasticism , which involved the adoption by their members of communist principles .

As the inflation worsened and as numerous small private entrepreneurs found themselves discriminated against by government controls , they went on strike .
as the inflation worsened and as [many] small private entrepreneurs found themselves discriminated against by government controls , they went on strike .

Despite numerous campaigns to introduce ordinary language into property documents , the legal language used is still tortuous , and , as this state of affairs is unlikely to change quickly , it is worthwhile spending some time studying a typical business lease and conveyance .
despite [many] campaigns to introduce ordinary language into property documents , the legal language used is still tortuous , and , as this state of affairs is unlikely to change quickly , it is worthwhile spending some time studying a typical business lease and conveyance .

Chantries were not limited to the laity ; some of the more senior clergy certainly availed themselves of the system and numerous chantry chapels survive in most of the monastic-foundation cathedrals to abbots and priors .
chantries were not limited to the laity ; some of the more senior clergy certainly availed themselves of the system and [many] chantry chapels survive in most of the monastic-foundation cathedrals to abbots and priors .

The numerous men employed as bearers become undertakers , although they have never done anything until they have got the job .
the [many] men employed as bearers become undertakers , although they have never done anything until they have got the job .

Unfortunately not ; and there are numerous recorded incidents of the discovery of corpses all owing their ‘ preservation ’ to natural causes rather than the influence of man .
unfortunately not ; and there are [many] recorded incidents of the discovery of corpses all owing their ‘ preservation ’ to natural causes rather than the influence of man .

And with at least six vampire movies ( including Coppola 's Dracula and the Luke Perry starrer Buffy The Vampire Slayer ) and numerous bloodsucking books coming out between now and Christmas , Rice is particularly well-placed to take advantage of the coming vampire boom .
and with at least six vampire movies ( including coppola 's dracula and the luke perry starrer buffy the vampire slayer ) and [many] bloodsucking books coming out between now and christmas , rice is particularly well-placed to take advantage of the coming vampire boom .

Numerous other works , like ‘ Bum Cross ’ , ‘ Holy Cock ’ and ‘ Shit Faith ’ , are both scatalogical and irreverent .
[many] other works , like ‘ bum cross ’ , ‘ holy cock ’ and ‘ shit faith ’ , are both scatalogical and irreverent .

He went cruising for boys and had numerous homosexual encounters , usually with complete strangers .
he went cruising for boys and had [many] homosexual encounters , usually with complete strangers .

Over the years he made numerous attempts to give up drinking altogether .
over the years he made [many] attempts to give up drinking altogether .

Since then he has returned to the Hollywood fold in a big way , starring in numerous films and directing Colors .
since then he has returned to the hollywood fold in a big way , starring in [many] films and directing colors .

One of the numerous girls in the film , Catherine Schell , told me that Lazenby was never difficult or temperamental .
one of the [many] girls in the film , catherine schell , told me that lazenby was never difficult or temperamental .

Bobby Kennedy , as Attorney-General , had been helming a penetrating investigation into numerous underworld figures , including Sam Giancana , a close friend of Sinatra , and another regular guest of the singer .
bobby kennedy , as attorney-general , had been helming a penetrating investigation into [many] underworld figures , including sam giancana , a close friend of sinatra , and another regular guest of the singer .

He had always provided the tabloids with meaty headlines because of his numerous girlfriends .
he had always provided the tabloids with meaty headlines because of his [many] girlfriends .

There are many more , far too numerous to mention here , but The Body Shop stock a good selection of aromatherapy oils as do most health food sores .
there are many more , far too [many] to mention here , but the body shop stock a good selection of aromatherapy oils as do most health food sores .

And , despite numerous subtle hints — like transferring the entire What Personal Computer offices to another building without telling him — he still wo n't leave us alone .
and , despite [many] subtle hints — like transferring the entire what personal computer offices to another building without telling him — he still wo n't leave us alone .

In the process of definition the subdivisions of the gentry are shown to have been as numerous as those of the peerage ( which for the present purpose need not be set out in detail ) , and noticeably more complex .
in the process of definition the subdivisions of the gentry are shown to have been as [many] as those of the peerage ( which for the present purpose need not be set out in detail ) , and noticeably more complex .

Husbandmen , as was to be expected with the most numerous class — and as the typical countrymen — comprehended a broad spectrum .
husbandmen , as was to be expected with the most [many] class — and as the typical countrymen — comprehended a broad spectrum .

on wages , including , no doubt , independent craftsmen who still dominated the local manufacture of fine cloth which , except in the Stroudwater Valley , had not yet come under the control of capitalist clothiers , as prominent in the West Country generally as in East Anglia ; pending this development earnings were evidently high and the really poor not numerous .
on wages , including , no doubt , independent craftsmen who still dominated the local manufacture of fine cloth which , except in the stroudwater valley , had not yet come under the control of capitalist clothiers , as prominent in the west country generally as in east anglia ; pending this development earnings were evidently high and the really poor not [many] .

The coastal villages were a little bigger , containing many landless peasants , represented by numerous 20s .
the coastal villages were a little bigger , containing many landless peasants , represented by [many] 20s .

Also numerous parcels now belonged to the great religious foundations of the region as a result of pious donations ; if many of these were tenanted in conjunction with other , larger holdings , they were unavailable for small men , while there were not enough of the big farmers , who did occupy them , to employ more than a very limited number of servants .
also [many] parcels now belonged to the great religious foundations of the region as a result of pious donations ; if many of these were tenanted in conjunction with other , larger holdings , they were unavailable for small men , while there were not enough of the big farmers , who did occupy them , to employ more than a very limited number of servants .

Five times the size of Rutland , Buckinghamshire shows every symptom of several standards of assessment : numerous reductions in the Chiltern hundreds in 1524 reduced aggregate wealth from £97 to £67 per thousand acres , while in Buckingham hundreds it only dropped from £84 to £59 , but throughout the northern half of the shire many of the 1522 assessments were retained substantially unaltered , conceivably because the people concerned deemed it prudent to keep their mouths shut and pay up ; a significant number were actually uprated , perhaps penalised for having the gall to seek abatements , so attracting a further , more searching investigation of their means .
five times the size of rutland , buckinghamshire shows every symptom of several standards of assessment : [many] reductions in the chiltern hundreds in 1524 reduced aggregate wealth from £97 to £67 per thousand acres , while in buckingham hundreds it only dropped from £84 to £59 , but throughout the northern half of the shire many of the 1522 assessments were retained substantially unaltered , conceivably because the people concerned deemed it prudent to keep their mouths shut and pay up ; a significant number were actually uprated , perhaps penalised for having the gall to seek abatements , so attracting a further , more searching investigation of their means .

In Cornwall almost all were Bretons , who bore a close affinity to the indigenous population , speaking a related tongue , and as yet imperfectly assimilated into the kingdom of France : ‘ ther use many Britons with smaul shippes to resorte to Padestowe with commodities of their countery and to by fische , ’ Leland observed , adding that the port was also full of Irishmen , Most , however , must have come to work , especially if native labour was in short supply in the parts where they were most numerous .
in cornwall almost all were bretons , who bore a close affinity to the indigenous population , speaking a related tongue , and as yet imperfectly assimilated into the kingdom of france : ‘ ther use many britons with smaul shippes to resorte to padestowe with commodities of their countery and to by fische , ’ leland observed , adding that the port was also full of irishmen , most , however , must have come to work , especially if native labour was in short supply in the parts where they were most [many] .

Yet if urban communities divided into well-defined upper and lower classes , the sharp edge of inequality was not infrequently blunted by a numerous £2 group , the diffusion of wealth amongst a solid bloc of merchants and master craftsmen worth upwards of £10 , and , in most small towns , the absence of very rich people .
yet if urban communities divided into well-defined upper and lower classes , the sharp edge of inequality was not infrequently blunted by a [many] £2 group , the diffusion of wealth amongst a solid bloc of merchants and master craftsmen worth upwards of £10 , and , in most small towns , the absence of very rich people .

The relatively small £3 — £9 element gives these a pronounced urban flavour but , in contrast to the majority of little country towns , it was men worth upwards of £40 that were specially numerous , while for size and wealth the topmost class had no parallel outside London .
the relatively small £3 — £9 element gives these a pronounced urban flavour but , in contrast to the majority of little country towns , it was men worth upwards of £40 that were specially [many] , while for size and wealth the topmost class had no parallel outside london .

At Robertsbridge coaling was merely one branch of a complex operation which produced cordwood for fuel , as well as inch-board , ship board and planking , which of course kept numerous sawyers busy .
at robertsbridge coaling was merely one branch of a complex operation which produced cordwood for fuel , as well as inch-board , ship board and planking , which of course kept [many] sawyers busy .

The certificates provide numerous examples of these ‘ pensions to religious or spirituall men ’ .
the certificates provide [many] examples of these ‘ pensions to religious or spirituall men ’ .

( which overlapped into Stoke Goldington and Weston Underwood ) , were freeholders , a numerous class in this district , the remainder lessees for term of years or at will .
( which overlapped into stoke goldington and weston underwood ) , were freeholders , a [many] class in this district , the remainder lessees for term of years or at will .

These were more numerous and more complicated than the two groups of conformist and non-conformist boys identified by Willis .
these were more [many] and more complicated than the two groups of conformist and non-conformist boys identified by willis .

The preamble stated , at length , that the poor within the five town parishes ( St. John , St. Mary , St. Peter , St. Paul and St. Cuthbert ) were ‘ very numerous and supported at great and burthensome expense by the inhabitants of those parishes ’ .
the preamble stated , at length , that the poor within the five town parishes ( st. john , st. mary , st. peter , st. paul and st. cuthbert ) were ‘ very [many] and supported at great and burthensome expense by the inhabitants of those parishes ’ .

The boy had been examined by a surgeon , Thomas Chapman , who found numerous wheals , bruises and lacerations , and his report to the guardians led to proceedings being taken against the tailor before the County magistrates ; he was convicted and fined £5 .
the boy had been examined by a surgeon , thomas chapman , who found [many] wheals , bruises and lacerations , and his report to the guardians led to proceedings being taken against the tailor before the county magistrates ; he was convicted and fined £5 .

Numerous letters of appeal against assessment were received :
[many] letters of appeal against assessment were received :

Beyond the realms of Men , Orcs and their small Goblin kin are far more numerous , and in some places they are the dominant intelligent creature .
beyond the realms of men , orcs and their small goblin kin are far more [many] , and in some places they are the dominant intelligent creature .

On numerous occasions massive Orc armies have swept down from the north , destroying the towns and cities of Kislev and invading the northern provinces of the Empire .
on [many] occasions massive orc armies have swept down from the north , destroying the towns and cities of kislev and invading the northern provinces of the empire .

The forests of the Old World are infested with all kinds of horrible creatures of which spiders are probably the most numerous .
the forests of the old world are infested with all kinds of horrible creatures of which spiders are probably the most [many] .

Goblins are numerous and fight most effectively in big Mobs with many ranks — this enables the Goblins to bowl over their enemy by sheer weight of numbers .
goblins are [many] and fight most effectively in big mobs with many ranks — this enables the goblins to bowl over their enemy by sheer weight of numbers .

They are helped in this by numerous addresses to women 's particular subjectivity in feminism outside psychology .
they are helped in this by [many] addresses to women 's particular subjectivity in feminism outside psychology .

Numerous criticisms have been directed at it from insides and outside feminism .
[many] criticisms have been directed at it from insides and outside feminism .

Dragons so numerous that their wings darkened the sky descended on the Chaos Host .
dragons so [many] that their wings darkened the sky descended on the chaos host .

The Elves of Nagarythe were numerous and well-versed in sorcery , being descendants of those grim Elves who had followed Aenarion after he took up the Sword of Khaine .
the elves of nagarythe were [many] and well-versed in sorcery , being descendants of those grim elves who had followed aenarion after he took up the sword of khaine .

He saw that the humans were numerous and becoming more so , and that it was only a matter of time before they would eclipse the elder races .
he saw that the humans were [many] and becoming more so , and that it was only a matter of time before they would eclipse the elder races .

Flights of crossbow bolts , so numerous they darkened the sky , were met by clouds of white fletched arrows .
flights of crossbow bolts , so [many] they darkened the sky , were met by clouds of white fletched arrows .

This is particularly so during election campaigns , though one can easily cite numerous other and different examples ( see Chapter 8 ) .
this is particularly so during election campaigns , though one can easily cite [many] other and different examples ( see chapter 8 ) .

numerous disputes raged within the editorial board even prior to its first edition .
[many] disputes raged within the editorial board even prior to its first edition .

These four theories of the press have featured in numerous discussions about the role of the press .
these four theories of the press have featured in [many] discussions about the role of the press .

The often mentioned ‘ crisis ’ in British broadcasting — ‘ crisis ’ , in Gouldner 's phrase , being that the system ‘ may , relatively soon , become something quite different than it has been ’ — thus acts as a backdrop for numerous contemporary analyses of broadcasting .
the often mentioned ‘ crisis ’ in british broadcasting — ‘ crisis ’ , in gouldner 's phrase , being that the system ‘ may , relatively soon , become something quite different than it has been ’ — thus acts as a backdrop for [many] contemporary analyses of broadcasting .

Mammal-like animals have been around for some 200 million years but did n't become particularly numerous until about 70 million years ago , around the time the dinosaurs became extinct .
mammal-like animals have been around for some 200 million years but did n't become particularly [many] until about 70 million years ago , around the time the dinosaurs became extinct .

Numerous attempts have been made to correlate activities like eating and drinking with spontaneously occurring variations in the state of the body , like blood glucose level or salt concentration .
[many] attempts have been made to correlate activities like eating and drinking with spontaneously occurring variations in the state of the body , like blood glucose level or salt concentration .

This was a concession to the Magyars at the expense of other peoples within the borders of the Dual Monarchy ; Germans , Slovaks , Serbs , Croats , Ruthenes , Rumanians , Poles and Czechs were among the most numerous .
this was a concession to the magyars at the expense of other peoples within the borders of the dual monarchy ; germans , slovaks , serbs , croats , ruthenes , rumanians , poles and czechs were among the most [many] .

In the Far East she had protectorates in Cambodia and Indo-China and ruled Cochin directly ; further south and east were her numerous South Pacific stations .
in the far east she had protectorates in cambodia and indo-china and ruled cochin directly ; further south and east were her [many] south pacific stations .

The architectural parallels are numerous and striking enough for us to assume that the large buildings at Phaistos and Knossos had a similar function .
the architectural parallels are [many] and striking enough for us to assume that the large buildings at phaistos and knossos had a similar function .

Numerous theorists approach their work armed with interpretations or modified versions of Marxism , and to stick so firmly to elucidating Marx 's own texts might seem a rather scholastic project , in the pejorative sense of that phrase .
[many] theorists approach their work armed with interpretations or modified versions of marxism , and to stick so firmly to elucidating marx 's own texts might seem a rather scholastic project , in the pejorative sense of that phrase .

Changes in social structure are said to be overdetermined by numerous contradictions .
changes in social structure are said to be overdetermined by [many] contradictions .

But to fill a material role such as that of a steelworker or a lawyer , an individual must have been subjected to numerous other ISAs .
but to fill a material role such as that of a steelworker or a lawyer , an individual must have been subjected to [many] other isas .

Sometimes , for example , a factor which is identified as the causal antecedent of an effect may be so interlinked with numerous other conditions that , while it is true that if that factor had not been present the effect would not have existed either , it is hardly illuminating .
sometimes , for example , a factor which is identified as the causal antecedent of an effect may be so interlinked with [many] other conditions that , while it is true that if that factor had not been present the effect would not have existed either , it is hardly illuminating .

The fact that it is hegemonal of course has numerous effects .
the fact that it is hegemonal of course has [many] effects .

If we now consider the relations he posits between them we find ourselves facing a comparable problem ; although he posits numerous interconnec-tions between the components of social formations , he neither explains how he arrives at them nor describes them in any detail .
if we now consider the relations he posits between them we find ourselves facing a comparable problem ; although he posits [many] interconnec-tions between the components of social formations , he neither explains how he arrives at them nor describes them in any detail .

Thus Van Valen ( 1973 ) applied the survivorship curve technique of population biologists to the study of extinction rates for numerous fossil taxa , and claimed to demonstrate a general approximation to linearity in his curves , which are cumulative frequency distributions of taxonomic durations with logarithmic ordinates .
thus van valen ( 1973 ) applied the survivorship curve technique of population biologists to the study of extinction rates for [many] fossil taxa , and claimed to demonstrate a general approximation to linearity in his curves , which are cumulative frequency distributions of taxonomic durations with logarithmic ordinates .

24.2 is well-trodden ground and has been reviewed in numerous places recently ( e.g .
24.2 is well-trodden ground and has been reviewed in [many] places recently ( e.g .

Numerous quantitative studies have been done on both birds and mammals in the last twenty years ( reviews in Immelmann , 1972 ; Bateson , 1978a ) and have shown that early experience can have profound and lasting effects on sexual preferences .
[many] quantitative studies have been done on both birds and mammals in the last twenty years ( reviews in immelmann , 1972 ; bateson , 1978a ) and have shown that early experience can have profound and lasting effects on sexual preferences .

In most complex systems the sources of variation are likely to be numerous .
in most complex systems the sources of variation are likely to be [many] .

Griffin gives many further examples : that pets and other tame creatures come when they are called by their names ( this would commend itself to Hearne ) , and that numerous species of birds , mammals , and even some fish and insects , seem to recognise individual members of their own species .
griffin gives many further examples : that pets and other tame creatures come when they are called by their names ( this would commend itself to hearne ) , and that [many] species of birds , mammals , and even some fish and insects , seem to recognise individual members of their own species .

In particular , the conviction still remains that what we have in all these experiments is a series of adaptive responses , induced by training , to obtain the numerous rewards on offer throughout the training .
in particular , the conviction still remains that what we have in all these experiments is a series of adaptive responses , induced by training , to obtain the [many] rewards on offer throughout the training .

The United Nations 1948 Declaration lists no fewer than thirty main Articles with numerous dependent entitlements .
the united nations 1948 declaration lists no fewer than thirty main articles with [many] dependent entitlements .

If we accept it , as many people seem to with enthusiasm , then we would have to include the rats , mice , dogs , cats , and numerous other creatures used in the laboratory , in our outcry over the revelations about the sale of microcephalic infants .
if we accept it , as many people seem to with enthusiasm , then we would have to include the rats , mice , dogs , cats , and [many] other creatures used in the laboratory , in our outcry over the revelations about the sale of microcephalic infants .

Injuries in war and disasters provide numerous anecdotes of the anaesthetic effects of shock ; a doctor in the aftermath of London 's Clapham rail crash of 1988 reported having treated several victims lying or sitting by the track in a state of bewilderment and oblivious of serious wounds ; in one case an ankle was completely severed other than for a few shreds of flesh .
injuries in war and disasters provide [many] anecdotes of the anaesthetic effects of shock ; a doctor in the aftermath of london 's clapham rail crash of 1988 reported having treated several victims lying or sitting by the track in a state of bewilderment and oblivious of serious wounds ; in one case an ankle was completely severed other than for a few shreds of flesh .

Numerous forms of disease and injury are predictably related to voluntary activities .
[many] forms of disease and injury are predictably related to voluntary activities .

It 's the perfect base for a weekend of off-road excitement with numerous campsites , bed and breakfasts and excellent pubs ( the White Horse Farm Hotel is famous for its filled Yorkshire Puddings ) .
it 's the perfect base for a weekend of off-road excitement with [many] campsites , bed and breakfasts and excellent pubs ( the white horse farm hotel is famous for its filled yorkshire puddings ) .

Cloudberries rudus chamaemorus , are numerous along the path and by now they have their orangery red fruit .
cloudberries rudus chamaemorus , are [many] along the path and by now they have their orangery red fruit .

Numerous are the unresolved hurts which lurk in many of us , years after their first appearance in our inner world .
[many] are the unresolved hurts which lurk in many of us , years after their first appearance in our inner world .

Shutlingsloe is just one of the numerous miniature mountain gems in Britain where quality , not quantity is the main attraction .
shutlingsloe is just one of the [many] miniature mountain gems in britain where quality , not quantity is the main attraction .

One of the numerous tasks that can be tackled by the Peugeot is the moulding and welding of plastics . Use a low heat setting for Peugeot hot air gun
one of the [many] tasks that can be tackled by the peugeot is the moulding and welding of plastics . use a low heat setting for peugeot hot air gun

Luckily for us , this was taken into account when the Creation 6 program was developed and , instead of having numerous proportional grids available for designing , we have the basic one of squares .
luckily for us , this was taken into account when the creation 6 program was developed and , instead of having [many] proportional grids available for designing , we have the basic one of squares .

Economic reform , however , offered the prospect of correcting the system 's numerous drawbacks .
economic reform , however , offered the prospect of correcting the system 's [many] drawbacks .

It appeared that students all over China were on edge and quite willing to express their numerous grievances , encouraged by leading intellectuals and various ‘ factions ’ within the party itself .
it appeared that students all over china were on edge and quite willing to express their [many] grievances , encouraged by leading intellectuals and various ‘ factions ’ within the party itself .

This contemporary ‘ Double Hundred ’ did not have Chairman Mao waiting to apprehend dissidents but there were numerous other antagonists among the ‘ conservative ’ camp .
this contemporary ‘ double hundred ’ did not have chairman mao waiting to apprehend dissidents but there were [many] other antagonists among the ‘ conservative ’ camp .

Numerous articles elsewhere offered analysis and comments on ‘ Heshang ’ .
[many] articles elsewhere offered analysis and comments on ‘ heshang ’ .

Thus , a child may be said to acquire the rules of grammar , although it is difficult to see how such rules can be established as a result of numerous discrete learning experiences .
thus , a child may be said to acquire the rules of grammar , although it is difficult to see how such rules can be established as a result of [many] discrete learning experiences .

While shaping describes a mechanism which could theoretically account for numerous changes in a child 's language , Skinner acknowledges that it is a somewhat laborious and inefficient way of learning .
while shaping describes a mechanism which could theoretically account for [many] changes in a child 's language , skinner acknowledges that it is a somewhat laborious and inefficient way of learning .

While it is true that a sensitive adult will respond intuitively to a child 's language and make numerous adjustments to his or her own language in a way that will reflect the child 's strengths and weaknesses , it may nevertheless be helpful to make these explicit in a written assessment so that intuitions can be further re fined on the basis of objective information .
while it is true that a sensitive adult will respond intuitively to a child 's language and make [many] adjustments to his or her own language in a way that will reflect the child 's strengths and weaknesses , it may nevertheless be helpful to make these explicit in a written assessment so that intuitions can be further re fined on the basis of objective information .

Numerous tests are available to assist in the systematic assessment of a wide range of grammatical abilities , only a small selection of which are presented here .
[many] tests are available to assist in the systematic assessment of a wide range of grammatical abilities , only a small selection of which are presented here .

The Lake District might boast summits that are , on average , 500ft higher , and the crags of Snowdonia may well be more numerous and forbidding , but the Mournes are a challenge for other reasons .
the lake district might boast summits that are , on average , 500ft higher , and the crags of snowdonia may well be more [many] and forbidding , but the mournes are a challenge for other reasons .

Ben and Mark Pretty , seems to have given those colonial chappies a good seeing to on their recent sojourn in Colorado , with numerous on-sight flashes of high grade routes .
ben and mark pretty , seems to have given those colonial chappies a good seeing to on their recent sojourn in colorado , with [many] on-sight flashes of high grade routes .

Roget 's contains over 1000 word types , and for each type different forms of speech and numerous synonyms are offered .
roget 's contains over 1000 word types , and for each type different forms of speech and [many] synonyms are offered .

Reports from America offer numerous examples of users who get trapped in repeated , compulsive administration of the drug giving rise to incidents usually associated with bad acid trips , with people believing that they can fly or attempting to get out of moving vehicles .
reports from america offer [many] examples of users who get trapped in repeated , compulsive administration of the drug giving rise to incidents usually associated with bad acid trips , with people believing that they can fly or attempting to get out of moving vehicles .

Removal of the numerous pumps , valves , filters , motors , oil feeds and ignition harnesses that adorned the Packard Merlin was quickly carried out to clear the way for the problem of splitting the now obviously damaged engine .
removal of the [many] pumps , valves , filters , motors , oil feeds and ignition harnesses that adorned the packard merlin was quickly carried out to clear the way for the problem of splitting the now obviously damaged engine .

Already several pallets in the workshop were covered by large chunks of engine , not to mention numerous trays of smaller items individually wrapped against further corrosion .
already several pallets in the workshop were covered by large chunks of engine , not to mention [many] trays of smaller items individually wrapped against further corrosion .

Workmen from the Maintenance Department , which is responsible for the smooth running of the lifts and escalators in the station , have seen William Terris ' ghost on numerous occasions as they work mostly at night so that their work causes the least interference with the travelling public .
workmen from the maintenance department , which is responsible for the smooth running of the lifts and escalators in the station , have seen william terris ' ghost on [many] occasions as they work mostly at night so that their work causes the least interference with the travelling public .

Loyalty bonuses for disloyal players , bloated payments to executives , contracts which give managers shares of transfer fees and other salary innovations may be above the law but they are rooted in the same dark subsoil which nourishes numerous rackets and scams .
loyalty bonuses for disloyal players , bloated payments to executives , contracts which give managers shares of transfer fees and other salary innovations may be above the law but they are rooted in the same dark subsoil which nourishes [many] rackets and scams .

As Harrow-on-the-Hill had one of the highest burglary rates in London , it was understandable that residents of the numerous private roads should be cautious .
as harrow-on-the-hill had one of the highest burglary rates in london , it was understandable that residents of the [many] private roads should be cautious .

Despite numerous opportunities , she loved her husband too much ever to betray him .
despite [many] opportunities , she loved her husband too much ever to betray him .

The numerous delights include : a galaxy of new British films — yes , really — with a £10,000 prize for the most popular ; a section devoted to dance movies , a ‘ horror ’ selection ; debates and lectures for all tastes ; a children 's festival ; animation ; silents ; movies from every continent ; and a chance to see some upcoming mainstream films .
the [many] delights include : a galaxy of new british films — yes , really — with a £10,000 prize for the most popular ; a section devoted to dance movies , a ‘ horror ’ selection ; debates and lectures for all tastes ; a children 's festival ; animation ; silents ; movies from every continent ; and a chance to see some upcoming mainstream films .

In a comparatively short period — a few hundred million years or so — the Earth cooled down , and by this time , because of the gases belched out by its numerous volcanoes , it had an atmosphere .
in a comparatively short period — a few hundred million years or so — the earth cooled down , and by this time , because of the gases belched out by its [many] volcanoes , it had an atmosphere .

This is how , for example , Hitler persuaded numerous Germans to murder Jews . )
this is how , for example , hitler persuaded [many] germans to murder jews . )

These messages , it is widely believed , can give information about the future , the remote past or things taking place in distant parts of the world ; at a more down-to-earth level , psychologists and especially psychoanalysts think that analysis of dreams can reveal details of a person 's mental state , and have concocted numerous systems relating objects or events seen in dreams to aspects of the human psyche .
these messages , it is widely believed , can give information about the future , the remote past or things taking place in distant parts of the world ; at a more down-to-earth level , psychologists and especially psychoanalysts think that analysis of dreams can reveal details of a person 's mental state , and have concocted [many] systems relating objects or events seen in dreams to aspects of the human psyche .

Defined in the dictionary as ‘ ability to do or act ’ , ‘ power ’ has numerous connotations .
defined in the dictionary as ‘ ability to do or act ’ , ‘ power ’ has [many] connotations .

As with numerous other offences dealing with road traffic the use of a motor vehicle without insurance is an absolute offence , i.e. no guilty knowledge is required .
as with [many] other offences dealing with road traffic the use of a motor vehicle without insurance is an absolute offence , i.e. no guilty knowledge is required .

‘ when you were not the holder ’ This was once difficult for the prosecution to prove as there were numerous local taxation offices which issued driving licences .
‘ when you were not the holder ’ this was once difficult for the prosecution to prove as there were [many] local taxation offices which issued driving licences .

Memories of Melin Meloch are numerous and vivid .
memories of melin meloch are [many] and vivid .

’ Meanwhile pacifists were generally content with the abstract moralizing suggested by the Manchester Guardian 's opposition to the formation of a Liberal Foreign Affairs Committee on the grounds that the ‘ success or failure [ of foreign policy ] depends on the application of a few simple principles to facts which as a rule are not very numerous nor very complicated .
’ meanwhile pacifists were generally content with the abstract moralizing suggested by the manchester guardian 's opposition to the formation of a liberal foreign affairs committee on the grounds that the ‘ success or failure [ of foreign policy ] depends on the application of a few simple principles to facts which as a rule are not very [many] nor very complicated .

About half of the emigrants and all of the heavy cargo went by sea and by then numerous clippers were prepared to beat regularly from New York to San Francisco in a hundred days .
about half of the emigrants and all of the heavy cargo went by sea and by then [many] clippers were prepared to beat regularly from new york to san francisco in a hundred days .

The numerous tension members could be simple piano wires .
the [many] tension members could be simple piano wires .

Local education officials opposed to the guidebook have been given standing ovations at public meetings , and churches of numerous denominations have slammed the education policy as immoral and irresponsible .
local education officials opposed to the guidebook have been given standing ovations at public meetings , and churches of [many] denominations have slammed the education policy as immoral and irresponsible .

Palace spurned numerous chances before Coleman headed in Southgate 's cross at the near post after 56 minutes .
palace spurned [many] chances before coleman headed in southgate 's cross at the near post after 56 minutes .

The first category includes consultative documents which are publicly available and , more numerous , invitations to comment made only to interested parties .
the first category includes consultative documents which are publicly available and , more [many] , invitations to comment made only to interested parties .

Each company unit regularly assesses its own performance against numerous bench-marks , and its self-assessment is then validated by senior managers from another part of the group .
each company unit regularly assesses its own performance against [many] bench-marks , and its self-assessment is then validated by senior managers from another part of the group .

The numerous myths relative to the founders of the American Indian civilizations make reference to great teachers who arrive from the East , and the word ‘ Serpent ’ invariably appears in connection with their presence .
the [many] myths relative to the founders of the american indian civilizations make reference to great teachers who arrive from the east , and the word ‘ serpent ’ invariably appears in connection with their presence .

Here , in some remote age , mysterious , enigmatic images of mouthless beings , some clad in robes and surrounded by what appears as a halo , were inscribed on the rock faces of numerous caves .
here , in some remote age , mysterious , enigmatic images of mouthless beings , some clad in robes and surrounded by what appears as a halo , were inscribed on the rock faces of [many] caves .

‘ Some of the human figures were life size , the bodies and limbs very attenuated and represented as having numerous tassel-shaped adornments appended to the hair , neck , waist , arms and legs : but the most remarkable fact in connection with these drawings is that wherever a profile face is shown , the features are of a most pronounced aquiline type , quite different from those of any natives we encountered .
‘ some of the human figures were life size , the bodies and limbs very attenuated and represented as having [many] tassel-shaped adornments appended to the hair , neck , waist , arms and legs : but the most remarkable fact in connection with these drawings is that wherever a profile face is shown , the features are of a most pronounced aquiline type , quite different from those of any natives we encountered .

In some instances better-off persons are disproportionately numerous .
in some instances better-off persons are disproportionately [many] .

On top of the basic salary there may be numerous other benefits , including share options , profit shares , bonuses , cars , and so on .
on top of the basic salary there may be [many] other benefits , including share options , profit shares , bonuses , cars , and so on .

Her defeats have led to numerous stories of the youngster being ‘ burnt out ’ by the gipsy life of constant worldwide travelling on tour and for exhibitions .
her defeats have led to [many] stories of the youngster being ‘ burnt out ’ by the gipsy life of constant worldwide travelling on tour and for exhibitions .

Since Tokyo , Pedrosa explains that Mota has undergone numerous tests to try to find the cause of what he describes as ‘ that silly pain ’ .
since tokyo , pedrosa explains that mota has undergone [many] tests to try to find the cause of what he describes as ‘ that silly pain ’ .

Others run from the crypt at 13 St. Mary 's Hill to St. Mary 's Church and the Town Hall , and there are numerous tunnels under most of the central medieval streets .
others run from the crypt at 13 st. mary 's hill to st. mary 's church and the town hall , and there are [many] tunnels under most of the central medieval streets .

He built numerous estate buildings , including the Bottle Lodges which cost around £9,000 , and was constantly in debt .
he built [many] estate buildings , including the bottle lodges which cost around £9,000 , and was constantly in debt .

Numerous tales appeared , the most illustrious being the incident when Lambert fearlessly struck Bruin , a performing bear which had attacked his dog . The bear apparently fled in terror , yelling and howling , but contemporary accounts tell a different story , where the bear in fact knocked Lambert down and he was so fat he could not get up !
[many] tales appeared , the most illustrious being the incident when lambert fearlessly struck bruin , a performing bear which had attacked his dog . the bear apparently fled in terror , yelling and howling , but contemporary accounts tell a different story , where the bear in fact knocked lambert down and he was so fat he could not get up !

The sizes , shapes and forms of the species in this group are numerous , and their requirements and habits are as varied as their natural habitats .
the sizes , shapes and forms of the species in this group are [many] , and their requirements and habits are as varied as their natural habitats .

Numerous shoots grow from the nodes of the rootstock .
[many] shoots grow from the nodes of the rootstock .

They are light green and very delicate-looking , having a prominent midrib , several lateral veins on either side of it and numerous cross-veins .
they are light green and very delicate-looking , having a prominent midrib , several lateral veins on either side of it and [many] cross-veins .

In a growing medium consisting of very little nutrients , the plant will grow producing runners and numerous plantlets .
in a growing medium consisting of very little nutrients , the plant will grow producing runners and [many] plantlets .

Once established , the plant will bush out producing long stems giving rise to numerous shoots .
once established , the plant will bush out producing long stems giving rise to [many] shoots .

Propagation is by numerous runners , which arise in the leaf axils or by side offshoots .
propagation is by [many] runners , which arise in the leaf axils or by side offshoots .

Numerous fine roots grow at the nodes , and therefore propagation is extremely simple .
[many] fine roots grow at the nodes , and therefore propagation is extremely simple .

The long , wiry rootstock produces numerous shoots , which develop bushy plants .
the long , wiry rootstock produces [many] shoots , which develop bushy plants .

However , when a good medium is provided it will thrive vigorously and produce numerous shoots on runners .
however , when a good medium is provided it will thrive vigorously and produce [many] shoots on runners .

Albert Lubin remarks perceptively that the presence of babies ‘ relieved his sadness , and numerous drawings and paintings of babies attest to his fascination with recreating them .
albert lubin remarks perceptively that the presence of babies ‘ relieved his sadness , and [many] drawings and paintings of babies attest to his fascination with recreating them .

First-time buyers have been the target of the most numerous offers .
first-time buyers have been the target of the most [many] offers .

It allows us to set numerous codes for different types of absence , such as dentist 's appointment , doctor etc .
it allows us to set [many] codes for different types of absence , such as dentist 's appointment , doctor etc .

Testing — numerous tests to assess basic intelligence , aptitude , attitude , and personality , and to predict delinquent behaviour , exist and are used today as an integral part of pre-employment screening .
testing — [many] tests to assess basic intelligence , aptitude , attitude , and personality , and to predict delinquent behaviour , exist and are used today as an integral part of pre-employment screening .

Not only are they much more numerous now , they also represent big business .
not only are they much more [many] now , they also represent big business .

Second , there are numerous examples in recent years of audit failures which have resulted in public comment , action and professional disciplining .
second , there are [many] examples in recent years of audit failures which have resulted in public comment , action and professional disciplining .

The distribution of their later stone parish churches may give some indication of their more profitable achievements ; they are most numerous and closest in the area north and west of Arundel , with a scatter round Worth and rather more diffuse in the area of the Haestingas , whose forest ridge was less well served by an island river system .
the distribution of their later stone parish churches may give some indication of their more profitable achievements ; they are most [many] and closest in the area north and west of arundel , with a scatter round worth and rather more diffuse in the area of the haestingas , whose forest ridge was less well served by an island river system .

Although there are few Sussex equivalents to the great wool churches elsewhere , the wealthier endowed chantries in a number of churches for saying masses for the dead , or funded the numerous leper hospitals and almshouses around the towns .
although there are few sussex equivalents to the great wool churches elsewhere , the wealthier endowed chantries in a number of churches for saying masses for the dead , or funded the [many] leper hospitals and almshouses around the towns .

By comparison , and much more numerous , were the new-style houses of the middling men of Tudor and Stuart Sussex , the yeomen and husbandmen .
by comparison , and much more [many] , were the new-style houses of the middling men of tudor and stuart sussex , the yeomen and husbandmen .

The de Warrenes had died out in the later middle ages , the priory was pulled down in 1538 , and with the disappearance of traditional authorities attention turned to the lesser but more numerous town houses of prosperous local merchants and the gentry who needed homes for the legal and social seasons .
the de warrenes had died out in the later middle ages , the priory was pulled down in 1538 , and with the disappearance of traditional authorities attention turned to the lesser but more [many] town houses of prosperous local merchants and the gentry who needed homes for the legal and social seasons .

One of the numerous tradesmen 's debating clubs of market-town life , the White Hart Evening Club , provided the first forum for what became an increasingly devastating critique of the corruption of English government , and Paine was the most frequent recipient of the Headstrong Book , given to the most obstinate debater at each meeting .
one of the [many] tradesmen 's debating clubs of market-town life , the white hart evening club , provided the first forum for what became an increasingly devastating critique of the corruption of english government , and paine was the most frequent recipient of the headstrong book , given to the most obstinate debater at each meeting .

There are numerous examples in English wills throughout the centuries of men who were careful to make provision for their widows by insisting that children who inherited some property would allow their mother to stay somewhere comfortable for the rest of her life .
there are [many] examples in english wills throughout the centuries of men who were careful to make provision for their widows by insisting that children who inherited some property would allow their mother to stay somewhere comfortable for the rest of her life .

Willow warblers were singing everywhere . It was easy to see why this little bird is one of the most numerous of the migrants passing through Shetland : Scandinavia is full of them !
willow warblers were singing everywhere . it was easy to see why this little bird is one of the most [many] of the migrants passing through shetland : scandinavia is full of them !

It has been estimated that over 10,000 duck of fifteen different species breed round the margins and islands of the lake , as well as whooper swans , great northern and red-throated divers , Slavonian grebes and greylag geese . Red-necked phalarope are very numerous , and waders such as whimbrel , redshank and black-tailed godwit nest in the meadows nearby It is not too unusual to see a magnificent gyr falcon swoop across the lake on a hunting expedition — and with a wide choice of birds on the menu !
it has been estimated that over 10,000 duck of fifteen different species breed round the margins and islands of the lake , as well as whooper swans , great northern and red-throated divers , slavonian grebes and greylag geese . red-necked phalarope are very [many] , and waders such as whimbrel , redshank and black-tailed godwit nest in the meadows nearby it is not too unusual to see a magnificent gyr falcon swoop across the lake on a hunting expedition — and with a wide choice of birds on the menu !

Skinks and geckos were very numerous , and a walk along a forest track was accompanied by constant rustlings as these little reptiles scuttled off the path .
skinks and geckos were very [many] , and a walk along a forest track was accompanied by constant rustlings as these little reptiles scuttled off the path .

Our hypothesis predicts that , given a primary sex ratio of unity , the smaller sex will more frequently reach maturation but , because of higher adult mortality , may be less numerous in the adult population .
our hypothesis predicts that , given a primary sex ratio of unity , the smaller sex will more frequently reach maturation but , because of higher adult mortality , may be less [many] in the adult population .

Among numerous objections , the strongest was to the rearrangement of the northern façade of the structure , generally considered the Spanish capital 's finest neo-classical building .
among [many] objections , the strongest was to the rearrangement of the northern façade of the structure , generally considered the spanish capital 's finest neo-classical building .

And the patents appear to be worthwhile as well as numerous .
and the patents appear to be worthwhile as well as [many] .

There were numerous warders in sight , all armed with sticks , and every prisoner within range stood to attention and saluted as the Deputy Superintendent passed .
there were [many] warders in sight , all armed with sticks , and every prisoner within range stood to attention and saluted as the deputy superintendent passed .

Numerous changes followed , either by way of decree from the Sacred Congregation of Rites , or through direct papal intervention .
[many] changes followed , either by way of decree from the sacred congregation of rites , or through direct papal intervention .

Similar evidence of unity emerged from the numerous ( about 600 ) Latin American bishops .
similar evidence of unity emerged from the [many] ( about 600 ) latin american bishops .

Local evening papers were smaller but more numerous ( 76 compared with 29 ) .
local evening papers were smaller but more [many] ( 76 compared with 29 ) .

There were numerous general magazines and a growing market in women 's weeklies and monthlies .
there were [many] general magazines and a growing market in women 's weeklies and monthlies .

Your people may be unhealthy , but they are numerous .
your people may be unhealthy , but they are [many] .

The numerous non-manufacturing subsidiaries ( such as travel agencies , restaurants and computer software firms ) that were set up in the late 1980s are most vulnerable .
the [many] non-manufacturing subsidiaries ( such as travel agencies , restaurants and computer software firms ) that were set up in the late 1980s are most vulnerable .

He incredulously observes the Eritreans putting their socialism triumphantly into practice against the vastly better armed and more numerous Ethiopians .
he incredulously observes the eritreans putting their socialism triumphantly into practice against the vastly better armed and more [many] ethiopians .

Many burgh councillors and freeholders were happy enough to see one of their numerous sons placed in even the humblest post in the excise administration .
many burgh councillors and freeholders were happy enough to see one of their [many] sons placed in even the humblest post in the excise administration .

It followed , therefore , that most of the military appointments to which Scottish freeholders and burgh councillors aspired were in the line infantry and to a lesser degree the cavalry , augmented during the wars with France at the turn of the century with numerous local military units of a temporary nature .
it followed , therefore , that most of the military appointments to which scottish freeholders and burgh councillors aspired were in the line infantry and to a lesser degree the cavalry , augmented during the wars with france at the turn of the century with [many] local military units of a temporary nature .

Even if such remarks are not to be taken literally , Craigbarnet was clearly living in poverty and was burdened with a ‘ numerous family ’ .
even if such remarks are not to be taken literally , craigbarnet was clearly living in poverty and was burdened with a ‘ [many] family ’ .

Thus , the routes to achieving permanence are numerous .
thus , the routes to achieving permanence are [many] .

In the current financial climate , which sees us wrestling with colleges managing their own budgets and , in our own authority , reeling from the outcome of poll-capping , the expenses involved in improving physical access are likely to be competing with numerous other worthy but expensive causes .
in the current financial climate , which sees us wrestling with colleges managing their own budgets and , in our own authority , reeling from the outcome of poll-capping , the expenses involved in improving physical access are likely to be competing with [many] other worthy but expensive causes .

The reasonable conclusion is that one and the same thing is ‘ called a sensation when considered merely in itself , and a quality when looked at in relation to any one of the numerous objects , the presence of which to our organs excites in our minds that among various other sensations or feelings .
the reasonable conclusion is that one and the same thing is ‘ called a sensation when considered merely in itself , and a quality when looked at in relation to any one of the [many] objects , the presence of which to our organs excites in our minds that among various other sensations or feelings .

Compare it with the sentence : ‘ That sensation is excited in our minds by the presence to our organs of any one of numerous objects .
compare it with the sentence : ‘ that sensation is excited in our minds by the presence to our organs of any one of [many] objects .

Is the concept of sensation involved in these sentences such that it makes sense to say that the same sensation is excited by the presence to our organs of numerous objects , or is it such that numerous objects ( and , indeed , the same object at different times ) can not but excite different , though possibly exactly similar sensations ?
is the concept of sensation involved in these sentences such that it makes sense to say that the same sensation is excited by the presence to our organs of [many] objects , or is it such that [many] objects ( and , indeed , the same object at different times ) can not but excite different , though possibly exactly similar sensations ?

In so far as sensations are ‘ things excited in our minds ’ , they seem to have the character of particulars ; but in so far as the same sensation can be excited by any one of numerous objects , they ( the sensations ) seem to have the character of universals .
in so far as sensations are ‘ things excited in our minds ’ , they seem to have the character of particulars ; but in so far as the same sensation can be excited by any one of [many] objects , they ( the sensations ) seem to have the character of universals .

But such enthusiasts were not numerous , and there were not many of them in the papal Curia .
but such enthusiasts were not [many] , and there were not many of them in the papal curia .

In the first place , the decrees were both numerous and varied in content , and it would have been extraordinarily difficult to supervise their implementation .
in the first place , the decrees were both [many] and varied in content , and it would have been extraordinarily difficult to supervise their implementation .

1992 , the quincentenary of Columbus 's discovery of the Western hemisphere , resulted in numerous exhibitions with themes relating to the Americas , and catalogues of varying range and density .
1992 , the quincentenary of columbus 's discovery of the western hemisphere , resulted in [many] exhibitions with themes relating to the americas , and catalogues of varying range and density .

numerous b/w ills .
[many] b/w ills .

numerous col. ills .
[many] col. ills .

The first mosaic in Jordan was only excavated in 1880 , since when numerous examples have been uncovered .
the first mosaic in jordan was only excavated in 1880 , since when [many] examples have been uncovered .

Mitchell won numerous prizes including the Grand Prix des Arts of the city of Paris in 1991 , and her work hangs in all the main American collections .
mitchell won [many] prizes including the grand prix des arts of the city of paris in 1991 , and her work hangs in all the main american collections .

Victor Vasarely , age eighty-six , leading optical artist of the 1960s and 1970s , author of very numerous brightly coloured geometrical trompe l'oeil works and large scale State commissions , has declared legal war on the president of his own arts foundation at Aix-en-Provence , Charles Debbasch .
victor vasarely , age eighty-six , leading optical artist of the 1960s and 1970s , author of very [many] brightly coloured geometrical trompe l'oeil works and large scale state commissions , has declared legal war on the president of his own arts foundation at aix-en-provence , charles debbasch .

American publishers are noticeably cutting back on expensive art books with numerous colour illustrations .
american publishers are noticeably cutting back on expensive art books with [many] colour illustrations .

This month , and until 9 January , the Galerie St Etienne continues to show finished pages from the book with many of the numerous preparatory drawings in a show called ‘ The Road to Maus ’ .
this month , and until 9 january , the galerie st etienne continues to show finished pages from the book with many of the [many] preparatory drawings in a show called ‘ the road to maus ’ .

It reached its present form over a long period of time during which there have been numerous law changes — not all of which have achieved their desired result , as Ian Kirkpatrick , Rutherford 's South African counterpart , was the first to point out .
it reached its present form over a long period of time during which there have been [many] law changes — not all of which have achieved their desired result , as ian kirkpatrick , rutherford 's south african counterpart , was the first to point out .

Mains will have found out by now that his private life will be interrupted by numerous calls at all hours of the day or night from people seeking information .
mains will have found out by now that his private life will be interrupted by [many] calls at all hours of the day or night from people seeking information .

He was the scourge of socialists and revolutionaries , and had carried out numerous assassinations for monarchist factions of the Balkan countries .
he was the scourge of socialists and revolutionaries , and had carried out [many] assassinations for monarchist factions of the balkan countries .

Following the ‘ Genius of Venice ’ exhibition at the Royal Academy in 1983–84 , Venetian sixteenth-century painting has had a good decade , with numerous major monographic shows .
following the ‘ genius of venice ’ exhibition at the royal academy in 1983–84 , venetian sixteenth-century painting has had a good decade , with [many] major monographic shows .

The increasing Americanisation of Sotheby 's London is evident in numerous ways .
the increasing americanisation of sotheby 's london is evident in [many] ways .

There were numerous doors leading from the hall , and the nun approached one , knocked , and when bidden to enter , she thrust open the door , stood aside and proclaimed in a low voice scarcely above a whisper , ‘ Mrs Winkowski , Reverend Mother . ’
there were [many] doors leading from the hall , and the nun approached one , knocked , and when bidden to enter , she thrust open the door , stood aside and proclaimed in a low voice scarcely above a whisper , ‘ mrs winkowski , reverend mother . ’

You yourself provided detailed pointers to the inner workings of ‘ The Bride Stripped Bare by her Bachelors , Even ’ , in ‘ The Green Box ’ , which is a sort of instruction manual , and there have also been numerous commentaries by critics . Do you think that the work is accessible to the general public ?
you yourself provided detailed pointers to the inner workings of ‘ the bride stripped bare by her bachelors , even ’ , in ‘ the green box ’ , which is a sort of instruction manual , and there have also been [many] commentaries by critics . do you think that the work is accessible to the general public ?

numerous col. ills .
[many] col. ills .

numerous b/w and col. ills .
[many] b/w and col. ills .

The train resembled a site from the late 50s–early 60s when numerous tours were staged on branch lines in this manner and with 75069 in a slightly weather worn condition it certainly looked authentic and fitted the part well .
the train resembled a site from the late 50s–early 60s when [many] tours were staged on branch lines in this manner and with 75069 in a slightly weather worn condition it certainly looked authentic and fitted the part well .

Although the outward appearance of a Joni painting is convincing , and analysis of the materials is not an indicator of his authorship , on further examination there are numerous give-aways .
although the outward appearance of a joni painting is convincing , and analysis of the materials is not an indicator of his authorship , on further examination there are [many] give-aways .

On the other hand , the numerous developments and debates of the decade had not persuaded a single country to shift from the position it had originally adopted on the European question in the 1940s .
on the other hand , the [many] developments and debates of the decade had not persuaded a single country to shift from the position it had originally adopted on the european question in the 1940s .

After bombing Berlin , there were numerous attacks from enemy fighters , identified by Dan as Bf 110s .
after bombing berlin , there were [many] attacks from enemy fighters , identified by dan as bf 110s .

The creative possibilities of a professional marker range revolve around choice and the availability of numerous instant options with which to address your work .
the creative possibilities of a professional marker range revolve around choice and the availability of [many] instant options with which to address your work .

Routes vary in grade from E1-sh , to E-impossible and the numerous bolt-on holds allow for regular route changing .
routes vary in grade from e1-sh , to e-impossible and the [many] bolt-on holds allow for regular route changing .

One of the reasons for this state of affairs is the publicity that has been given to the hills by him and numerous other writers of magazine articles and books over the past 20 or 30 years .
one of the reasons for this state of affairs is the publicity that has been given to the hills by him and [many] other writers of magazine articles and books over the past 20 or 30 years .

The Video covers numerous areas of business language including presentations , negotiating , management meetings and technical briefings , as well as informal socializing .
the video covers [many] areas of business language including presentations , negotiating , management meetings and technical briefings , as well as informal socializing .

The numerous illustrations and photographs help to explain certain entries , and there are useful appendices which include maps and other information in list or chart form .
the [many] illustrations and photographs help to explain certain entries , and there are useful appendices which include maps and other information in list or chart form .

It will be invaluable to students in higher education with essays to write , to professionals reading or writing reports , to people working in the fields of science or technology , and to advanced learners from all walks of life … as well as to numerous teachers of English preparing classes and talks on specific topics .
it will be invaluable to students in higher education with essays to write , to professionals reading or writing reports , to people working in the fields of science or technology , and to advanced learners from all walks of life … as well as to [many] teachers of english preparing classes and talks on specific topics .

Throughout the series , use is made of tables , diagrams , and charts which are used to sensitize students to the way in which written texts are structured and also to support the numerous information transfer activities that ensure that meaning is never lost .
throughout the series , use is made of tables , diagrams , and charts which are used to sensitize students to the way in which written texts are structured and also to support the [many] information transfer activities that ensure that meaning is never lost .

numerous songs , chants , puzzles , and games
[many] songs , chants , puzzles , and games

Numerous games , puzzles , jokes and problem-solving activities all add fun — the lifeblood of effective learning .
[many] games , puzzles , jokes and problem-solving activities all add fun — the lifeblood of effective learning .

These are reinforced through numerous communicative tasks .
these are reinforced through [many] communicative tasks .

They learn to speak by joining in the songs , rhymes , and numerous games .
they learn to speak by joining in the songs , rhymes , and [many] games .

Fibreglass mock-ups were built to provide the large numbers of aircraft which lined the numerous military bases across Pearl Harbor .
fibreglass mock-ups were built to provide the large numbers of aircraft which lined the [many] military bases across pearl harbor .

Seven engine changes and numerous on-the-spot overhauls were accomplished to keep the aircraft airworthy .
seven engine changes and [many] on-the-spot overhauls were accomplished to keep the aircraft airworthy .

The filmed dogfights are beautifully staged and feature numerous shots of the olive drab and grey P–40s against the blue Hawaiian sky .
the filmed dogfights are beautifully staged and feature [many] shots of the olive drab and grey p–40s against the blue hawaiian sky .

Numerous photos and drawings will appeal to modellers , as will a comprehensive listing of all Albatros model kits that are available .
[many] photos and drawings will appeal to modellers , as will a comprehensive listing of all albatros model kits that are available .

Numerous products from Africa could give British merchants the opportunity to push Dutch carriers out of supplying European markets and provide in Africa resources for the purchase of British manufactures .
[many] products from africa could give british merchants the opportunity to push dutch carriers out of supplying european markets and provide in africa resources for the purchase of british manufactures .

Sara Coleridge saw the Wilberforce sons claiming antislavery for their brand of Clapham evangelicalism against Clarkson 's historical interpretation which had literally offered a diagram of numerous branches contributing to the cause .
sara coleridge saw the wilberforce sons claiming antislavery for their brand of clapham evangelicalism against clarkson 's historical interpretation which had literally offered a diagram of [many] branches contributing to the cause .

Politically , the road ran via numerous conflicts — the Hundred Years ' War , the English Civil War , the French Revolution and the American War of Independence , for example — to the emergence of modern democracy , and through more recent upheavals to the communist alternative .
politically , the road ran via [many] conflicts — the hundred years ' war , the english civil war , the french revolution and the american war of independence , for example — to the emergence of modern democracy , and through more recent upheavals to the communist alternative .

In the community tank where the decor consists of numerous caves made from rockwork , with a good depth of gravel to act as a filter medium , and where the fish tend to dig less than in a tank especially set up for breeding , then undergravel filtration will be adequate once the biological action in the gravel has become firmly established .
in the community tank where the decor consists of [many] caves made from rockwork , with a good depth of gravel to act as a filter medium , and where the fish tend to dig less than in a tank especially set up for breeding , then undergravel filtration will be adequate once the biological action in the gravel has become firmly established .

Now drill numerous small holes all over the plate not larger than ¼″ — otherwise you could end up with gravel getting into them .
now drill [many] small holes all over the plate not larger than ¼″ — otherwise you could end up with gravel getting into them .

Ermine negligées ; bath in milk , numerous underpanties , chemises and other intimate items , all of which look like a million dollars on the svelte Ralston figure , just round enough .
ermine negligées ; bath in milk , [many] underpanties , chemises and other intimate items , all of which look like a million dollars on the svelte ralston figure , just round enough .

The pattern will be dealt with rather cursorily here , since it has occupied the attention of numerous writers who have presented lengthy explanations of the problems ( e.g .
the pattern will be dealt with rather cursorily here , since it has occupied the attention of [many] writers who have presented lengthy explanations of the problems ( e.g .

The Sisters also visit the elderly and provide a place of quiet for numerous people inside and outside the Parish .
the sisters also visit the elderly and provide a place of quiet for [many] people inside and outside the parish .

The significance of attitude to work has been highlighted by numerous studies .
the significance of attitude to work has been highlighted by [many] studies .

What must always have been clear to perceptive teachers , and what is now being documented in some detail in research , is that racism and sexism are experienced in numerous different ways , depending upon the groups concerned and the educational context .
what must always have been clear to perceptive teachers , and what is now being documented in some detail in research , is that racism and sexism are experienced in [many] different ways , depending upon the groups concerned and the educational context .

Numerous studies attest to the validity of this insight within the industrial relations field .
[many] studies attest to the validity of this insight within the industrial relations field .

Additionally , they oversee safety and sanitation , take part in grievance-handling and execute numerous welfare and cultural responsibilities ( Hotiman , 1981 ; Littler and Lockett , 1983 ) .
additionally , they oversee safety and sanitation , take part in grievance-handling and execute [many] welfare and cultural responsibilities ( hotiman , 1981 ; littler and lockett , 1983 ) .

For the more numerous , horizontally-structured unions in Britain of the craft-type which crossed industry lines their interest during the nineteenth century lay in obtaining uniformity of conditions for the particular occupation throughout the labour market .
for the more [many] , horizontally-structured unions in britain of the craft-type which crossed industry lines their interest during the nineteenth century lay in obtaining uniformity of conditions for the particular occupation throughout the labour market .

We have noted the importance in Germany of the works council as a bargaining mechanism and there are numerous characteristics which have also distinguished collective bargaining in France .
we have noted the importance in germany of the works council as a bargaining mechanism and there are [many] characteristics which have also distinguished collective bargaining in france .

For the union too multi-employer bargaining was probably the only administratively feasible form in many local product markets consisting of numerous small-scale undertakings .
for the union too multi-employer bargaining was probably the only administratively feasible form in many local product markets consisting of [many] small-scale undertakings .

He expresses the view that strikes will be fewer in number where collective bargaining is conducted at higher levels and more numerous where there is plant bargaining , largely because , in the latter case , since all workers within an industry or region need not be brought out , strikes can be called at much less cost to the membership as a whole .
he expresses the view that strikes will be fewer in number where collective bargaining is conducted at higher levels and more [many] where there is plant bargaining , largely because , in the latter case , since all workers within an industry or region need not be brought out , strikes can be called at much less cost to the membership as a whole .

Moreover , in addition to attending these public celebrations of the sacrament , wealthy individuals , guilds , and lay fraternities frequently held masses in their own chapels or on portable altars , and numerous chantry priests celebrated thousands of private masses for the souls of the faithful departed .
moreover , in addition to attending these public celebrations of the sacrament , wealthy individuals , guilds , and lay fraternities frequently held masses in their own chapels or on portable altars , and [many] chantry priests celebrated thousands of private masses for the souls of the faithful departed .

The flaw in this disposition was that the advancing Germans were not only more numerous than the Allies had supposed but they were also moving in a more extended arc than had been expected .
the flaw in this disposition was that the advancing germans were not only more [many] than the allies had supposed but they were also moving in a more extended arc than had been expected .

Following France 's defeat by Germany in the war of 1870-1 and her loss of Alsace and Lorraine , her strategists had devised numerous plans in the event of another war .
following france 's defeat by germany in the war of 1870-1 and her loss of alsace and lorraine , her strategists had devised [many] plans in the event of another war .

Meanwhile , Samsonov 's fully stretched men , spurred on by Jilinski , were pressing northeastward , over exhausting sand tracks through forests and between numerous lakes .
meanwhile , samsonov 's fully stretched men , spurred on by jilinski , were pressing northeastward , over exhausting sand tracks through forests and between [many] lakes .

Although the numerous rivers flowing from the Carpathian Mountains offered Conrad abundant lines of defence against any Russian invasion , it seemed to him that the sooner the Austrians attacked , the more auspicious the prospects , since they would shortly be heavily outnumbered .
although the [many] rivers flowing from the carpathian mountains offered conrad abundant lines of defence against any russian invasion , it seemed to him that the sooner the austrians attacked , the more auspicious the prospects , since they would shortly be heavily outnumbered .

The much-reduced Austrian Third Army , advancing toward the Zlota-Lipa , had been flung back by Brusilov 's more numerous Eighth Army .
the much-reduced austrian third army , advancing toward the zlota-lipa , had been flung back by brusilov 's more [many] eighth army .

Despite numerous orders and changes in strategy , Conrad 's position was now rapidly becoming untenable .
despite [many] orders and changes in strategy , conrad 's position was now rapidly becoming untenable .

German railways , always more numerous and efficient than those of Russia , enabled reinforcements to be brought in rapidly , and the German line was now uninterrupted along the whole front .
german railways , always more [many] and efficient than those of russia , enabled reinforcements to be brought in rapidly , and the german line was now uninterrupted along the whole front .

On the first day , five tons of cable were towed forward on sledges by tanks , together with 120 poles , numerous telephones and their exchanges .
on the first day , five tons of cable were towed forward on sledges by tanks , together with 120 poles , [many] telephones and their exchanges .

Fortunately the Christian church is not dominated by theologians , but by the praying faithful , and the Divine Drama , although suffering numerous attacks and emendations , has lived on in popular spirituality and liturgy .
fortunately the christian church is not dominated by theologians , but by the praying faithful , and the divine drama , although suffering [many] attacks and emendations , has lived on in popular spirituality and liturgy .

George Steiner 's pessimistic assessment in Language and Silence ( 1967 ) has been quoted on numerous occasions .
george steiner 's pessimistic assessment in language and silence ( 1967 ) has been quoted on [many] occasions .

There are numerous cloughs worth exploring in the Dark Peak , but some of the most impressive can be linked by a demanding outing starting from Greenfield on the west of Black Hill , taking in major cloughs on Bleaklow and Kinder before finally scrambling down the head of the Grindsbrook above Edale .
there are [many] cloughs worth exploring in the dark peak , but some of the most impressive can be linked by a demanding outing starting from greenfield on the west of black hill , taking in major cloughs on bleaklow and kinder before finally scrambling down the head of the grindsbrook above edale .

Using the numerous hollows and small rises unnoticed to untrained soldiers on a bare hillside , Turton and his men once lay hidden in this deadground while the Japanese moving to encircle them passed by , leaving the Australian patrol to come off the hill at nightfall .
using the [many] hollows and small rises unnoticed to untrained soldiers on a bare hillside , turton and his men once lay hidden in this deadground while the japanese moving to encircle them passed by , leaving the australian patrol to come off the hill at nightfall .

The priests in Jerusalem were so numerous that they had to take turns in performing Temple ceremonies .
the priests in jerusalem were so [many] that they had to take turns in performing temple ceremonies .

In the background along the street were numerous other soldiers and many vehicles .
in the background along the street were [many] other soldiers and many vehicles .

British intelligence has been able to secure numerous local informers and agents through blackmail , bribery and straight payments .
british intelligence has been able to secure [many] local informers and agents through blackmail , bribery and straight payments .

New Zealand 's numerous indigenous shrubs and trees provide unending greenery .
new zealand 's [many] indigenous shrubs and trees provide unending greenery .

Together these firms gave birth to Canning Town , where the vast majority of their workforces resided , and spawned numerous subsidiary industries ( Figure 1.2 ) .
together these firms gave birth to canning town , where the vast majority of their workforces resided , and spawned [many] subsidiary industries ( figure 1.2 ) .

The Leathercloth works and the numerous smaller scale chemical firms around the Lea also continued to expand , although size and density of settlement never quite matched that of the south .
the leathercloth works and the [many] smaller scale chemical firms around the lea also continued to expand , although size and density of settlement never quite matched that of the south .

Unskilled labour was concentrated in Canning Town next to the industrial concerns sited by the Thames , although large numbers were found also in Plaistow and Stratford , finding employment in the locomotive works and the numerous medium-sized chemical and manufacturing firms in the Lea industrial complex .
unskilled labour was concentrated in canning town next to the industrial concerns sited by the thames , although large numbers were found also in plaistow and stratford , finding employment in the locomotive works and the [many] medium-sized chemical and manufacturing firms in the lea industrial complex .

The southern area ( Canning Town ) is the abode of workers at the docks , gas works and sugar refineries , marmalade and rubber factories : there is also a fleeting population of seafaring men of various races who help to provide a livelihood for the keepers of numerous common lodging houses … Poverty and overcrowding are characteristic of the greater part of the Canning Town and Silvertown areas , which make up what is perhaps the largest part of unbroken depression in East London .
the southern area ( canning town ) is the abode of workers at the docks , gas works and sugar refineries , marmalade and rubber factories : there is also a fleeting population of seafaring men of various races who help to provide a livelihood for the keepers of [many] common lodging houses … poverty and overcrowding are characteristic of the greater part of the canning town and silvertown areas , which make up what is perhaps the largest part of unbroken depression in east london .

The copper plate was then handed to one of Ackermann 's numerous staff of engravers — Bluck , Stadler , Havell , and the rest .
the copper plate was then handed to one of ackermann 's [many] staff of engravers — bluck , stadler , havell , and the rest .

For democratic elitists a dominant feature of government policy-making is the existence of numerous sources of pressure to define policy in ways which ignore the public interest .
for democratic elitists a dominant feature of government policy-making is the existence of [many] sources of pressure to define policy in ways which ignore the public interest .

The next stage of the modern instrumentalist argument has close affinities with elite theory , arguing that capitalists , state bureaucrats and political leaders are unified into a single cohesive group by their common social origin , similar lifestyles and values , and by the existence of numerous networks and forums where co-ordinated strategies for public policy are hammered out .
the next stage of the modern instrumentalist argument has close affinities with elite theory , arguing that capitalists , state bureaucrats and political leaders are unified into a single cohesive group by their common social origin , similar lifestyles and values , and by the existence of [many] networks and forums where co-ordinated strategies for public policy are hammered out .

During the election campaign of March 1937 there were numerous complaints that the police failed to take action against provocative statements and actions against Jews by the fascists .
during the election campaign of march 1937 there were [many] complaints that the police failed to take action against provocative statements and actions against jews by the fascists .

Numerous assaults , cases of window smashing and the dissemination of graffiti continued unabated .
[many] assaults , cases of window smashing and the dissemination of graffiti continued unabated .

Since many of these are so patent and numerous , his difficulty will be to isolate those factors which seem to be most significant in promoting discontent .
since many of these are so patent and [many] , his difficulty will be to isolate those factors which seem to be most significant in promoting discontent .

The company points to the professional as evidence of the importance of string tension , citing numerous televised instances where professionals who change rackets after breaking a string , or the change of ends , tap the strings in an effort to select the right tensions for the prevailing circumstances .
the company points to the professional as evidence of the importance of string tension , citing [many] televised instances where professionals who change rackets after breaking a string , or the change of ends , tap the strings in an effort to select the right tensions for the prevailing circumstances .

There are numerous black and white illustration , station layout plans , schedules , posters and maps .
there are [many] black and white illustration , station layout plans , schedules , posters and maps .

The majority were families from the nearby villages but there were also numerous railway enthusiasts from further afield .
the majority were families from the nearby villages but there were also [many] railway enthusiasts from further afield .

The other reportedly had his skull fractured in 15 places , broken fingers and numerous stab wounds .
the other reportedly had his skull fractured in 15 places , broken fingers and [many] stab wounds .

Scoured as they have been by the turbulent and freezing sands that eroded every trace of fittings and furnishings whatsoever , their walls and ceilings do bear signs : remnants of incised and sometimes inlaid strings of rectangular shapes that numerous experts have confidently identified as writing , though no truly plausible translation has ever been constructed .
scoured as they have been by the turbulent and freezing sands that eroded every trace of fittings and furnishings whatsoever , their walls and ceilings do bear signs : remnants of incised and sometimes inlaid strings of rectangular shapes that [many] experts have confidently identified as writing , though no truly plausible translation has ever been constructed .

He said she was known to be wanton and had become pregnant after having sex with numerous teenage boys .
he said she was known to be wanton and had become pregnant after having sex with [many] teenage boys .

Numerous Iraqis , Palestinians and others became victims of human rights violations at the hands of Kuwaiti government forces and armed Kuwaiti civilians , particularly during the four months of martial law following the Iraqi withdrawal .
[many] iraqis , palestinians and others became victims of human rights violations at the hands of kuwaiti government forces and armed kuwaiti civilians , particularly during the four months of martial law following the iraqi withdrawal .

No doubt there are numerous and complex reasons for the strength of Western adherence to such views .
no doubt there are [many] and complex reasons for the strength of western adherence to such views .

Examples are too numerous to list , but a particularly telling one from members of our own profession , where one might expect some awareness , can serve .
examples are too [many] to list , but a particularly telling one from members of our own profession , where one might expect some awareness , can serve .

There are numerous incidents to exemplify this .
there are [many] incidents to exemplify this .

There are numerous words for the hunting activity , mainly dependent upon the object of the hunt or the tools employed , but none corresponds to words denoting violent acts .
there are [many] words for the hunting activity , mainly dependent upon the object of the hunt or the tools employed , but none corresponds to words denoting violent acts .

Mimicking a hawk could also be useful in Africa , the European cuckoo 's wintering ground , where birds of prey are numerous .
mimicking a hawk could also be useful in africa , the european cuckoo 's wintering ground , where birds of prey are [many] .

However , the mother does not leave the young cuckoo without instinctive resources , for the newly hatched chick demonstrates what is perhaps the most remarkable of all the numerous and varied adaptations of the cuckoo — the ruthless ejection of the host 's eggs or nestlings from the nest .
however , the mother does not leave the young cuckoo without instinctive resources , for the newly hatched chick demonstrates what is perhaps the most remarkable of all the [many] and varied adaptations of the cuckoo — the ruthless ejection of the host 's eggs or nestlings from the nest .

Once a female is grabbed in amplexus the male is likely to have to defend her from other males , and fights lasting hours or days and involving several males have been witnessed in numerous species .
once a female is grabbed in amplexus the male is likely to have to defend her from other males , and fights lasting hours or days and involving several males have been witnessed in [many] species .

The Portuguese man-o'-war looks like a single organism but is in fact composed of numerous individual polyps , which resemble sea-anemones .
the portuguese man-o'-war looks like a single organism but is in fact composed of [many] individual polyps , which resemble sea-anemones .

This literally means ‘ head-foot ’ , for the head is situated next to the numerous legs , or sucker-bearing tentacles .
this literally means ‘ head-foot ’ , for the head is situated next to the [many] legs , or sucker-bearing tentacles .

Venomous caterpillars , such as the North American saddleback , often have warning colours and numerous outgrowths from their body which bear venomous spines .
venomous caterpillars , such as the north american saddleback , often have warning colours and [many] outgrowths from their body which bear venomous spines .

As a predominantly middle-class cause , Spanish republicanism , and in particular its more reform-minded elements , suffered from the lack of a truly broad popular base , comparable with that enjoyed by French republicanism , within a numerous and vigorous lower-middle class and peasantry .
as a predominantly middle-class cause , spanish republicanism , and in particular its more reform-minded elements , suffered from the lack of a truly broad popular base , comparable with that enjoyed by french republicanism , within a [many] and vigorous lower-middle class and peasantry .

Mass arrests created over 30,000 political prisoners ; much of the left-wing press , numerous left-controlled councils and the Catalan Autonomy Statute were suspended .
mass arrests created over 30,000 political prisoners ; much of the left-wing press , [many] left-controlled councils and the catalan autonomy statute were suspended .

The plate from which he had eaten his hamburgers and frozen green beans , which had been last night 's supper , still unrinsed in the sink ; the splatter of grease marks above the ancient gas stove ; the viscous mess of grime gumming the narrow gap between stove and cupboard ; the soiled and smelly teacloth hanging from its hook at the side of the sink ; last year 's calendar askew on its nail ; the two open shelves jammed with a conglomeration of half-used cereal packets , jars of stale jam , cracked mugs , packets of detergent ; the cheap , unstable table with its two chairs , their backs grubby from numerous clutching hands ; the linoleum curving at the wall where it had become unstuck ; the general air of discomfort , uncaring , negligence , dirt .
the plate from which he had eaten his hamburgers and frozen green beans , which had been last night 's supper , still unrinsed in the sink ; the splatter of grease marks above the ancient gas stove ; the viscous mess of grime gumming the narrow gap between stove and cupboard ; the soiled and smelly teacloth hanging from its hook at the side of the sink ; last year 's calendar askew on its nail ; the two open shelves jammed with a conglomeration of half-used cereal packets , jars of stale jam , cracked mugs , packets of detergent ; the cheap , unstable table with its two chairs , their backs grubby from [many] clutching hands ; the linoleum curving at the wall where it had become unstuck ; the general air of discomfort , uncaring , negligence , dirt .

If guests feel like a meal out , there are numerous pubs and restaurants in Dartmouth .
if guests feel like a meal out , there are [many] pubs and restaurants in dartmouth .

All around there are numerous pretty villages and many miles of gentle rolling countryside to explore .
all around there are [many] pretty villages and many miles of gentle rolling countryside to explore .

There are numerous walks around the house , to the top of Pennard Hill , through local woods , and across the moor .
there are [many] walks around the house , to the top of pennard hill , through local woods , and across the moor .

Easily Accessible : Dartmoor , with its woods , tors and ancient sites , and the long coastal path provide numerous walks .
easily accessible : dartmoor , with its woods , tors and ancient sites , and the long coastal path provide [many] walks .

There are numerous picturesque villages to visit including Berry Pomeroy , a small village which forms part of the Duke of Somerset 's estates , and which has a haunted castle .
there are [many] picturesque villages to visit including berry pomeroy , a small village which forms part of the duke of somerset 's estates , and which has a haunted castle .

There are numerous historical sights , museums , parks , gardens and picturesque villages .
there are [many] historical sights , museums , parks , gardens and picturesque villages .

There are numerous walks around Hutton , on the Somerset moors , the Mendips and , thirty miles away , the Quantocks and Exmoor .
there are [many] walks around hutton , on the somerset moors , the mendips and , thirty miles away , the quantocks and exmoor .

Goodwood House and race course are only 10 miles away , and within a 15-mile radius there are numerous historic houses to see .
goodwood house and race course are only 10 miles away , and within a 15-mile radius there are [many] historic houses to see .

Just outside Brighton there are the lovely South Downs to walk on and numerous pretty village to visit .
just outside brighton there are the lovely south downs to walk on and [many] pretty village to visit .

An evening meal is not provided but there are numerous local pubs and restaurants in Lewes , just over 2 miles away .
an evening meal is not provided but there are [many] local pubs and restaurants in lewes , just over 2 miles away .

There are numerous walks ; directly from Blacklands you can follow the East Malling stream which runs through its garden , through the East Malling village conservation area , and leads right to the source of the stream in the pretty hamlet of West Stree ; you can also join the Pilgrims Way , the medieval route from Winchester to Canterbury which can be reached 2 miles away .
there are [many] walks ; directly from blacklands you can follow the east malling stream which runs through its garden , through the east malling village conservation area , and leads right to the source of the stream in the pretty hamlet of west stree ; you can also join the pilgrims way , the medieval route from winchester to canterbury which can be reached 2 miles away .

There are numerous gardens to enjoy : Wilsey , Nymans , Leonards Lee , and Sheffield Park .
there are [many] gardens to enjoy : wilsey , nymans , leonards lee , and sheffield park .

There are numerous shorter walks in the area , which has been designated of outstanding natural beauty , with its landscape of weald hills and wooded , rolling farmland .
there are [many] shorter walks in the area , which has been designated of outstanding natural beauty , with its landscape of weald hills and wooded , rolling farmland .

Within a 35-mile radius , you can visit numerous historic places , such as Broadlands , home of the Earl of Mountbatten ; Stourhead House and landscaped gardens with fabulous mock Roman temples and eerie grottos ; and Longleat House and Safari Park .
within a 35-mile radius , you can visit [many] historic places , such as broadlands , home of the earl of mountbatten ; stourhead house and landscaped gardens with fabulous mock roman temples and eerie grottos ; and longleat house and safari park .

No dinner is provided but there are numerous pubs , hotels and restaurants within walking distance .
no dinner is provided but there are [many] pubs , hotels and restaurants within walking distance .

Much of this land is open to walkers who can use the numerous footpaths and bridleways .
much of this land is open to walkers who can use the [many] footpaths and bridleways .

Within half an hour 's drive from Fulford you can walk on the Cotswolds , or more immediately there are numerous footpaths and country lanes around the village .
within half an hour 's drive from fulford you can walk on the cotswolds , or more immediately there are [many] footpaths and country lanes around the village .

The surrounding countryside is very pretty and there are numerous walks , many of which start a couple of miles from the house .
the surrounding countryside is very pretty and there are [many] walks , many of which start a couple of miles from the house .

There are numerous walks directly from East Runton — footpaths and bridleways lead out into the lovely gentle countryside and unspoilt coast .
there are [many] walks directly from east runton — footpaths and bridleways lead out into the lovely gentle countryside and unspoilt coast .

Sherwood Forest Country Park , once the haunt of Robin Hood , has numerous waymarked walks among its famous glades and great oaks .
sherwood forest country park , once the haunt of robin hood , has [many] waymarked walks among its famous glades and great oaks .

If guests wish to eat out , there are several local pubs in the village , and 16 miles away , in Cambridge , there are numerous excellent eating establishments .
if guests wish to eat out , there are several local pubs in the village , and 16 miles away , in cambridge , there are [many] excellent eating establishments .

There are numerous castles , including Chirk Castle which dates back to the 14th century and has some lovely formal gardens , and a little further away , Powis Castle , built in the 15th century but altered through the years and now very much a stately home with a large deer park .
there are [many] castles , including chirk castle which dates back to the 14th century and has some lovely formal gardens , and a little further away , powis castle , built in the 15th century but altered through the years and now very much a stately home with a large deer park .

Tony , Jill and their son , Martin , have lived at the Old Rectory for twenty years and it is very much their home — as your hosts they will bring early morning tea ( if requested ) , and arrange numerous activities .
tony , jill and their son , martin , have lived at the old rectory for twenty years and it is very much their home — as your hosts they will bring early morning tea ( if requested ) , and arrange [many] activities .

No dinner is provided but there are numerous pubs and restaurants within walking distance .
no dinner is provided but there are [many] pubs and restaurants within walking distance .

There are numerous country parks with nature trails , including the Sherwood Forest Country Park with its Robin Hood exhibition .
there are [many] country parks with nature trails , including the sherwood forest country park with its robin hood exhibition .

For a full-blown meal Stratford has numerous pubs and restaurants to choose from — 600 yards from the hotel is the excellent Shepherds Restaurant and 100 yards from the garden gate lies The Water Rat , a highly acclaimed cafè-brasserie .
for a full-blown meal stratford has [many] pubs and restaurants to choose from — 600 yards from the hotel is the excellent shepherds restaurant and 100 yards from the garden gate lies the water rat , a highly acclaimed cafè-brasserie .

Further afield are the Malvern and Clee Hills , Wenlock Edge with numerous paths and trails and the Wrekin , a famous local landmark with panoramic views and an Iron Age Fort .
further afield are the malvern and clee hills , wenlock edge with [many] paths and trails and the wrekin , a famous local landmark with panoramic views and an iron age fort .

There are numerous walks on the ancient Malvern Hills ( the oldest rock in england ) , and many are fairly easy and suitable for a family outing , yet yield superb panoramic views .
there are [many] walks on the ancient malvern hills ( the oldest rock in england ) , and many are fairly easy and suitable for a family outing , yet yield superb panoramic views .

Easily Accessible : There are numerous walks around the moors and dales .
easily accessible : there are [many] walks around the moors and dales .

There are numerous historic sites to visit , including Skipton with its castle , its church with fascinating family tombs , and the local history museum , and Gawthorpe Hall , a mid-19th-century stately home with an interesting textile collection .
there are [many] historic sites to visit , including skipton with its castle , its church with fascinating family tombs , and the local history museum , and gawthorpe hall , a mid-19th-century stately home with an interesting textile collection .

Easily Accessible : There are numerous waymarked walks through the forest which has designated picnic areas .
easily accessible : there are [many] waymarked walks through the forest which has designated picnic areas .

There are numerous picturesque villages , each with its own traditional arts and crafts , which include glass-making , spinning , embroidery , pottery and rope-making .
there are [many] picturesque villages , each with its own traditional arts and crafts , which include glass-making , spinning , embroidery , pottery and rope-making .

Easily Accessible : There are numerous pretty villages to visit in the area and all are surrounded by the lovely unspoilt countryside .
easily accessible : there are [many] pretty villages to visit in the area and all are surrounded by the lovely unspoilt countryside .

There are numerous picturesque villages , ruined abbeys , and historic houses within easy driving distance , including Sledmere House which was built in the 1750s and rebuilt after a devastating fire , using the original plans , in 1911 .
there are [many] picturesque villages , ruined abbeys , and historic houses within easy driving distance , including sledmere house which was built in the 1750s and rebuilt after a devastating fire , using the original plans , in 1911 .

Easily Accessible : Local walks are varied and numerous and will take you through lochside and forest , field and riverbank , moor and mountains .
easily accessible : local walks are varied and [many] and will take you through lochside and forest , field and riverbank , moor and mountains .

There are numerous walks in the Cairngorms and Speyside , and local walks around Grantown and the Cromdale Hills .
there are [many] walks in the cairngorms and speyside , and local walks around grantown and the cromdale hills .

There are numerous National Trust properties , such as Kellie Castle and Balmerino , both 15 miles away .
there are [many] national trust properties , such as kellie castle and balmerino , both 15 miles away .

Castles are numerous .
castles are [many] .

Walkers are spoilt for choice , with numerous delightful walks in the surrounding countryside .
walkers are spoilt for choice , with [many] delightful walks in the surrounding countryside .

Llanddeiniolen is situated on the very edge of Snowdonia National Park and here the more energetic will find numerous walks taking in the mountainous scenery .
llanddeiniolen is situated on the very edge of snowdonia national park and here the more energetic will find [many] walks taking in the mountainous scenery .

There are numerous places of historical interest to visit nearby including Tintern Abbey , a 12th-century Cistercian abbey , and Caldicot , Raglan , and Penow Castles .
there are [many] places of historical interest to visit nearby including tintern abbey , a 12th-century cistercian abbey , and caldicot , raglan , and penow castles .

There are numerous pretty villages with markets .
there are [many] pretty villages with markets .

There are numerous historic and archaeological sites to visit including the fascinating ancient burial chambers at Pentre Ifan , 20 miles away .
there are [many] historic and archaeological sites to visit including the fascinating ancient burial chambers at pentre ifan , 20 miles away .

They would exit under cover of darkness at one of numerous drop-zones fifty kilometres from the vast sprawl of Sagramaso City .
they would exit under cover of darkness at one of [many] drop-zones fifty kilometres from the vast sprawl of sagramaso city .

The planetary guard of a godling despot must be assumed to be numerous and very well armed — though how well experienced ? Hence the landing of the Imperial Guards to dilute the acid of resistance , and allow over seven hundred Space Marines led by Lord Vladimir Pugh to spearhead a fierce organised drive against the capital and the praetorian troopers , with whom they would cope .
the planetary guard of a godling despot must be assumed to be [many] and very well armed — though how well experienced ? hence the landing of the imperial guards to dilute the acid of resistance , and allow over seven hundred space marines led by lord vladimir pugh to spearhead a fierce organised drive against the capital and the praetorian troopers , with whom they would cope .

Numerous senior rebels and injured Moderati had committed suicide to avoid just such an outcome …
[many] senior rebels and injured moderati had committed suicide to avoid just such an outcome …

Tenterden Station was featured in the first television series and although shown over two years ago the railway still receives numerous visitors on ‘ Darling Buds Country ’ coach tours .
tenterden station was featured in the first television series and although shown over two years ago the railway still receives [many] visitors on ‘ darling buds country ’ coach tours .

Twelve per cent of women and 5 per cent of men regularly consume tranquillizers , and there is now a growing awareness of the addictive nature of these drugs ; numerous self-help groups have been established to assist people who want to stop taking them .
twelve per cent of women and 5 per cent of men regularly consume tranquillizers , and there is now a growing awareness of the addictive nature of these drugs ; [many] self-help groups have been established to assist people who want to stop taking them .

The disadvantages faced by the labour-only sub-contractor are numerous compared to those of the directly employed operative .
the disadvantages faced by the labour-only sub-contractor are [many] compared to those of the directly employed operative .

In the first case the speculator with entrepreneurial initiative may identify land with numerous problems hindering development , and attempt to resolve these by negotiation .
in the first case the speculator with entrepreneurial initiative may identify land with [many] problems hindering development , and attempt to resolve these by negotiation .

Frequently , development is only possible following land assembly , and agreements or options with numerous owners have to be negotiated before a viable site can be created .
frequently , development is only possible following land assembly , and agreements or options with [many] owners have to be negotiated before a viable site can be created .

The Ukrainians , the second most numerous Soviet nationality , were more than 44 million strong in the late 1980s , with a distinctive language ( also East Slavic ) and a culture of their own .
the ukrainians , the second most [many] soviet nationality , were more than 44 million strong in the late 1980s , with a distinctive language ( also east slavic ) and a culture of their own .

After numerous bookings he was banned from the touchline , banned from the grandstand the following season and , in his last season with the club , directed play , in Swedish , from the car park with the aid of a megaphone .
after [many] bookings he was banned from the touchline , banned from the grandstand the following season and , in his last season with the club , directed play , in swedish , from the car park with the aid of a megaphone .

There are numerous ways that information about new technology may spread between firms .
there are [many] ways that information about new technology may spread between firms .

Celia served the cold cucumber soup hot , and burnt the steak even though Christina had told her numerous times that Stephen liked his steak rare .
celia served the cold cucumber soup hot , and burnt the steak even though christina had told her [many] times that stephen liked his steak rare .

Despite leaving numerous messages with his assistant and wife , she still had not heard from him .
despite leaving [many] messages with his assistant and wife , she still had not heard from him .

‘ But there are numerous sedatives — things to calm the spirit and restore the body 's yin-yang balance .
‘ but there are [many] sedatives — things to calm the spirit and restore the body 's yin-yang balance .

Of the numerous formulations available for expressing a given message , a speaker or writer will normally opt for one that makes the flow of information clearer in a given context .
of the [many] formulations available for expressing a given message , a speaker or writer will normally opt for one that makes the flow of information clearer in a given context .

They were proceeding at no more than walking pace past the numerous hut-like structures around the perimeter of the Barracks , and Denis kept his gaze resolutely in front of him .
they were proceeding at no more than walking pace past the [many] hut-like structures around the perimeter of the barracks , and denis kept his gaze resolutely in front of him .

Numerous ad hoc bodies have been created to run specific functions such as broadcasting and television , the ports , industrial training schemes and the administration of government property .
[many] ad hoc bodies have been created to run specific functions such as broadcasting and television , the ports , industrial training schemes and the administration of government property .

Clearly there are numerous technical and conceptual problems involved in such studies , and the general applicability of the findings of such studies ‘ will depend on how far these numerous factors have been incorporated in the original economic theory and how representative are the data used ’ .
clearly there are [many] technical and conceptual problems involved in such studies , and the general applicability of the findings of such studies ‘ will depend on how far these [many] factors have been incorporated in the original economic theory and how representative are the data used ’ .

Judges are normally appointed as chairmen of those numerous committees which are concerned with reform of substantive law or legal procedure .
judges are normally appointed as chairmen of those [many] committees which are concerned with reform of substantive law or legal procedure .

Despite the fact that numerous vacancies for less-skilled work are reported to exist in outer city areas , particularly in South East England , a combination of a badly structured welfare system , high transport costs , and difficulties of moving house appears to constitute a major barrier to taking advantage of these opportunities .
despite the fact that [many] vacancies for less-skilled work are reported to exist in outer city areas , particularly in south east england , a combination of a badly structured welfare system , high transport costs , and difficulties of moving house appears to constitute a major barrier to taking advantage of these opportunities .

Examples of ( b ) range from the New English Art Club of 1885 to the Société des Artistes Indépendants of 1884 ; such cases are especially numerous .
examples of ( b ) range from the new english art club of 1885 to the société des artistes indépendants of 1884 ; such cases are especially [many] .

There were numerous complaints about them in relation to safety , the vast majority of the disabled expressing a wish for specially adapted motor cars .
there were [many] complaints about them in relation to safety , the vast majority of the disabled expressing a wish for specially adapted motor cars .

In the two weeks following , he had numerous conversations with Hugh Fraser — who , of course , made common cause with him over Biafra — and they jointly decided that the document should be provided to the press for publication .
in the two weeks following , he had [many] conversations with hugh fraser — who , of course , made common cause with him over biafra — and they jointly decided that the document should be provided to the press for publication .

Daisy knew little about them ( Lily and Ethel even less ) , except that they were numerous and had formed by now a ghetto in the Leylands district of Leeds . Dad was rude about them ( but who was n't he rude about ? ) and there were notices in shop windows — jobs advertised with the message , ‘ No Jews need apply ’ …
daisy knew little about them ( lily and ethel even less ) , except that they were [many] and had formed by now a ghetto in the leylands district of leeds . dad was rude about them ( but who was n't he rude about ? ) and there were notices in shop windows — jobs advertised with the message , ‘ no jews need apply ’ …

Farm workers are an ageing labour force as the cohort from the days when they were more numerous gradually works its way through to retirement .
farm workers are an ageing labour force as the cohort from the days when they were more [many] gradually works its way through to retirement .

This is a considerable contrast with the prevailing tenor of the relationship between ‘ master and man ’ which existed on the land when labour was more numerous .
this is a considerable contrast with the prevailing tenor of the relationship between ‘ master and man ’ which existed on the land when labour was more [many] .

Indeed research carried out for the Maud Committee on local government reform in 1967 showed that 35 per cent of rural district council members were farmers , far and away the most numerous section and more than twice as many as the next largest group .
indeed research carried out for the maud committee on local government reform in 1967 showed that 35 per cent of rural district council members were farmers , far and away the most [many] section and more than twice as many as the next largest group .

While there are numerous conceptual models relating both to ageing and to disability , the problem lies in attempting to link the two together .
while there are [many] conceptual models relating both to ageing and to disability , the problem lies in attempting to link the two together .

In that year the Cohen Committee succinctly explained how this state of affairs had come about : ‘ [ t ] he illusory nature of the control theoretically exercised by the shareholders over directors has been accentuated by the dispersion of capital among an increasing number of small shareholders who pay little attention to their investments so long as satisfactory dividends are forthcoming , who lack sufficient time , money and experience to make full use of their rights as occasion arises and who are , in many cases , too numerous and too widely dispersed to be able to organise themselves ’ .
in that year the cohen committee succinctly explained how this state of affairs had come about : ‘ [ t ] he illusory nature of the control theoretically exercised by the shareholders over directors has been accentuated by the dispersion of capital among an increasing number of small shareholders who pay little attention to their investments so long as satisfactory dividends are forthcoming , who lack sufficient time , money and experience to make full use of their rights as occasion arises and who are , in many cases , too [many] and too widely dispersed to be able to organise themselves ’ .

If additions and deletions are more numerous than retrievals and updates , it turns out that the larger the proportion of additions , the larger the bucket size that provides the minimum number of accesses per reference to the file .
if additions and deletions are more [many] than retrievals and updates , it turns out that the larger the proportion of additions , the larger the bucket size that provides the minimum number of accesses per reference to the file .

This heading embraces not only the Greek and Russian Orthodox churches , which are the most numerous , but also Armenian , Bulgarian , Coptic , Ethiopian , Romanian and Ukrainian churches .
this heading embraces not only the greek and russian orthodox churches , which are the most [many] , but also armenian , bulgarian , coptic , ethiopian , romanian and ukrainian churches .

From numerous comments made to the Commission it is evident that the limitations of the training offered to , and undertaken by , many church musicians is a cause for considerable concern .
from [many] comments made to the commission it is evident that the limitations of the training offered to , and undertaken by , many church musicians is a cause for considerable concern .

Spender gives numerous examples of this bias ; one is that history textbooks about the nineteenth century contain few or no references to the women 's movement , despite the fact that women were fighting to be accepted into the universities and to receive the franchise .
spender gives [many] examples of this bias ; one is that history textbooks about the nineteenth century contain few or no references to the women 's movement , despite the fact that women were fighting to be accepted into the universities and to receive the franchise .

Given the apparent sexist bias of much humanities and social science teaching , it seems odd that it is in these subjects that women are numerous ; it is the absence of women in physical science and engineering that has generally been regarded as a ‘ problem ’ .
given the apparent sexist bias of much humanities and social science teaching , it seems odd that it is in these subjects that women are [many] ; it is the absence of women in physical science and engineering that has generally been regarded as a ‘ problem ’ .

Known for more than 20 years as Nguyen Ai Quoc , ‘ Nguyen the Patriot ’ , under this name he was reported as attending international conferences and became the author of numerous articles .
known for more than 20 years as nguyen ai quoc , ‘ nguyen the patriot ’ , under this name he was reported as attending international conferences and became the author of [many] articles .

In the November review of both 1987 and 1988 , the Government announced the freezing of child benefit payments since the 1988 statement there have been numerous ominous statements , all stressing that the future of the benefit is ‘ under review ’ .
in the november review of both 1987 and 1988 , the government announced the freezing of child benefit payments since the 1988 statement there have been [many] ominous statements , all stressing that the future of the benefit is ‘ under review ’ .

Where there are numerous relevant variables , however , confirmatory statistical testing will help to give us confidence in our results , and it is up to the analyst to decide in a given case whether these methods are needed .
where there are [many] relevant variables , however , confirmatory statistical testing will help to give us confidence in our results , and it is up to the analyst to decide in a given case whether these methods are needed .

As Lincoln and McBride ( 1987 : 304 ) suggest on the basis of their extensive survey of the research literature , a ‘ particularly perplexing but strong and consistent finding from numerous work attitude surveys is the low level of job satisfaction reported by the Japanese ’ .
as lincoln and mcbride ( 1987 : 304 ) suggest on the basis of their extensive survey of the research literature , a ‘ particularly perplexing but strong and consistent finding from [many] work attitude surveys is the low level of job satisfaction reported by the japanese ’ .

In philosophy , for example , there are numerous discussions of objects which refer to some observed attribute or perceptual property pertaining to things as such , but books with titles such as Words and Things ( e.g .
in philosophy , for example , there are [many] discussions of objects which refer to some observed attribute or perceptual property pertaining to things as such , but books with titles such as words and things ( e.g .

There have been numerous changes recently to the way unemployment figures are counted , producing a downwards adjustment .
there have been [many] changes recently to the way unemployment figures are counted , producing a downwards adjustment .

Innovation almost always involves a prolonged battle amongst numerous people and requires tremendous stamina and confidence on the part of a champion ( Schon , 1963 ; Servo , 1988 ) .
innovation almost always involves a prolonged battle amongst [many] people and requires tremendous stamina and confidence on the part of a champion ( schon , 1963 ; servo , 1988 ) .

There are numerous opportunities for an idea to be dropped and few occasions for it to be carried through .
there are [many] opportunities for an idea to be dropped and few occasions for it to be carried through .

There are numerous definitions of the term ‘ project ’ , but it appears to be impossible to find a good one .
there are [many] definitions of the term ‘ project ’ , but it appears to be impossible to find a good one .

These cases are the most numerous , and some have the potential for becoming ‘ serious ’ .
these cases are the most [many] , and some have the potential for becoming ‘ serious ’ .

There are too many demands on a field officer 's time , and discharges are too numerous and too scattered for him to spend the day surveying dischargers in the hope of observing pollution actually occurring .
there are too many demands on a field officer 's time , and discharges are too [many] and too scattered for him to spend the day surveying dischargers in the hope of observing pollution actually occurring .

They typically have numerous possibilities of substitution in a sentence : It is with words containing open set elements that lexical semantics is principally concerned .
they typically have [many] possibilities of substitution in a sentence : it is with words containing open set elements that lexical semantics is principally concerned .

Sense relations of the more specific sort are obviously too numerous and too idiosyncratic to form the basis for a general study of lexical semantics .
sense relations of the more specific sort are obviously too [many] and too idiosyncratic to form the basis for a general study of lexical semantics .

On the other hand , if one reads between the lines , or simply attends with care to domestic allusions , signs of incipient change are numerous .
on the other hand , if one reads between the lines , or simply attends with care to domestic allusions , signs of incipient change are [many] .

In Daniel Deronda , Gwendolen 's enjoyment of ‘ her own furlong of corridors ’ at Ryelands , with its ‘ rich glow of light and colour ’ in numerous rooms , is destroyed by her awareness that , although each detail is superficially right , the whole is profoundly wrong , for this house too rests upon the ruin of other lives , those of Grandcourt 's mistress and her unacknowledged children .
in daniel deronda , gwendolen 's enjoyment of ‘ her own furlong of corridors ’ at ryelands , with its ‘ rich glow of light and colour ’ in [many] rooms , is destroyed by her awareness that , although each detail is superficially right , the whole is profoundly wrong , for this house too rests upon the ruin of other lives , those of grandcourt 's mistress and her unacknowledged children .

And all the useful people become less numerous .
and all the useful people become less [many] .

Environmental determinists are also numerous among the social commentators of the period : ‘ Wretched houses make wretched homes ; and while immoral or slatternly habits convert fine dwellings into styes , it is almost as true that dirty and unhealthy habitations transfer a taint to the character and habits of the persons who occupy them .
environmental determinists are also [many] among the social commentators of the period : ‘ wretched houses make wretched homes ; and while immoral or slatternly habits convert fine dwellings into styes , it is almost as true that dirty and unhealthy habitations transfer a taint to the character and habits of the persons who occupy them .

It is customarily acknowledged that this model was first developed by Bobbitt ( 1918 , 1924 ) , clarified by Tyler ( 1949 ) and refined and elaborated by numerous others ( e.g .
it is customarily acknowledged that this model was first developed by bobbitt ( 1918 , 1924 ) , clarified by tyler ( 1949 ) and refined and elaborated by [many] others ( e.g .

The result was a continuous attack on woodland that produced great concern and numerous investigations .
the result was a continuous attack on woodland that produced great concern and [many] investigations .

The roads , notwithstanding King Charles was pleased to say the county of Norfolk was only fit to be cut into roads for the rest of his kingdom are unpardonably bad ; narrow shaded and never mended ; they are numerous however especially the bridle-roads ; so that a traveller on horseback has generally the choice of two or three ways of nearly equal length to the same place … The inclosures are in general small and the hedges high and full of trees .
the roads , notwithstanding king charles was pleased to say the county of norfolk was only fit to be cut into roads for the rest of his kingdom are unpardonably bad ; narrow shaded and never mended ; they are [many] however especially the bridle-roads ; so that a traveller on horseback has generally the choice of two or three ways of nearly equal length to the same place … the inclosures are in general small and the hedges high and full of trees .

Quarries and coal-pits were numerous in certain localities , salt-works and glassworks were flourishing , the cloth industry was growing ; but so far as the visible signs upon the face of the country were concerned it was all a mere scratching on the surface .
quarries and coal-pits were [many] in certain localities , salt-works and glassworks were flourishing , the cloth industry was growing ; but so far as the visible signs upon the face of the country were concerned it was all a mere scratching on the surface .

The railways aroused an even greater opposition for this as well as for numerous other reasons , and not only among those who quietly enjoyed the amenities of a large estate .
the railways aroused an even greater opposition for this as well as for [many] other reasons , and not only among those who quietly enjoyed the amenities of a large estate .

There have been numerous large-scale excavations on historic towns , many individual historical studies and a variety of general works on urban origins and development .
there have been [many] large-scale excavations on historic towns , many individual historical studies and a variety of general works on urban origins and development .

There are numerous towns which had already been founded in late Saxon times either as commercial centres or as fortified burghs .
there are [many] towns which had already been founded in late saxon times either as commercial centres or as fortified burghs .

It is an old and rather like able town which , standing where it does , so near to the edge of France and commanding the coast road into Spain , has had an agitated history with numerous episodes of war .
it is an old and rather like able town which , standing where it does , so near to the edge of france and commanding the coast road into spain , has had an agitated history with [many] episodes of war .

This is now a symbolic exchange , but it is a relic of the numerous treaties that once were made in the Pyrenean valleys to regulate the use of the high , communal pastures and put an end to the age-old practice of trespass or holding to ransom of intrusive livestock .
this is now a symbolic exchange , but it is a relic of the [many] treaties that once were made in the pyrenean valleys to regulate the use of the high , communal pastures and put an end to the age-old practice of trespass or holding to ransom of intrusive livestock .

And retired soldiers from his army were among the first of the century 's numerous British settlers in Pau .
and retired soldiers from his army were among the first of the century 's [many] british settlers in pau .

To the left is the great waterfall — the cirque has numerous supporting ones — which comes down in one huge leap of 1,400 feet when the snows are melting or in two rather more modest leaps once they are finished .
to the left is the great waterfall — the cirque has [many] supporting ones — which comes down in one huge leap of 1,400 feet when the snows are melting or in two rather more modest leaps once they are finished .

Numerous inquiries were made of the Financial Secretary to elucidate the resulting effect of the Bill on in-house benefits , i.e .
[many] inquiries were made of the financial secretary to elucidate the resulting effect of the bill on in-house benefits , i.e .

He and his wife were about to undertake a trip to America and Australia , which in the event developed into something of a busman 's holiday as he was persuaded , perhaps not against his will , to address numerous meetings of trade unionists on the West Coast of the United States and elsewhere .
he and his wife were about to undertake a trip to america and australia , which in the event developed into something of a busman 's holiday as he was persuaded , perhaps not against his will , to address [many] meetings of trade unionists on the west coast of the united states and elsewhere .

The numerous surveys of ( their own ) `` temps `` conducted by agencies supplying secretarial and office staff ( see , for example , Alfred Marks , 1982 ; Reed , 1986 ; Manpower , 1986 ) , whilst suffering from selectivity bias and/or containing leading questions , show that a substantial proportion of `` temps `` are looking for permanent jobs ; but they also suggest that some of these at least are using their experience of temporary jobs to find out what sort of permanent work they would like .
the [many] surveys of ( their own ) `` temps `` conducted by agencies supplying secretarial and office staff ( see , for example , alfred marks , 1982 ; reed , 1986 ; manpower , 1986 ) , whilst suffering from selectivity bias and/or containing leading questions , show that a substantial proportion of `` temps `` are looking for permanent jobs ; but they also suggest that some of these at least are using their experience of temporary jobs to find out what sort of permanent work they would like .

As to the second point , there are numerous cases in which attempts have been made to induce the courts to review or ignore decisions of the visitor acting within his jurisdiction , all of which have been unsuccessful .
as to the second point , there are [many] cases in which attempts have been made to induce the courts to review or ignore decisions of the visitor acting within his jurisdiction , all of which have been unsuccessful .

This approach is not surprising as , whilst the inputs ( in terms of component requirements ) are varied and numerous , the output format is very well defined and falls into two well documented categories of either man-readable or machine-readable instructions .
this approach is not surprising as , whilst the inputs ( in terms of component requirements ) are varied and [many] , the output format is very well defined and falls into two well documented categories of either man-readable or machine-readable instructions .

He spoke numerous languages , had travelled widely abroad , and was delighted by the prospect of our filming either the Toraja or the Bugis , though he expressed some misgivings about sailing any distance with the latter .
he spoke [many] languages , had travelled widely abroad , and was delighted by the prospect of our filming either the toraja or the bugis , though he expressed some misgivings about sailing any distance with the latter .

In every house in the Rante , as well as at every animist site throughout the valley , numerous puzzling little rituals were taking place — all of which had to be successfully completed , apparently , before the final `` star-launching `` could proceed .
in every house in the rante , as well as at every animist site throughout the valley , [many] puzzling little rituals were taking place — all of which had to be successfully completed , apparently , before the final `` star-launching `` could proceed .

They also had tales which recounted the trials and explorations of their Sea Prince heroes who , through numerous incarnations , led their tribal fleets through unknown waters and kingdoms of dragons and witches , whirlpools and man-eating birds , and forests of half-beasts and half-men .
they also had tales which recounted the trials and explorations of their sea prince heroes who , through [many] incarnations , led their tribal fleets through unknown waters and kingdoms of dragons and witches , whirlpools and man-eating birds , and forests of half-beasts and half-men .

We heard numerous stories about the pythons even entering the houses at night during the arid seasons when game is scarce .
we heard [many] stories about the pythons even entering the houses at night during the arid seasons when game is scarce .

The totality of English grammar is too great to be studied in detail here ; there are numerous books on the subject .
the totality of english grammar is too great to be studied in detail here ; there are [many] books on the subject .

It can include the acknowledgements , if these are not numerous .
it can include the acknowledgements , if these are not [many] .

The numerous young of mammals such as rabbits and cats can even identify the particular nipple allocated to each and find it by smell within seconds of their mother returning .
the [many] young of mammals such as rabbits and cats can even identify the particular nipple allocated to each and find it by smell within seconds of their mother returning .

Each topic is reinforced by numerous examples which show the necessary methods and thought processes .
each topic is reinforced by [many] examples which show the necessary methods and thought processes .

It was at some distance from other groups , in those days not numerous , on that beach .
it was at some distance from other groups , in those days not [many] , on that beach .

The complex carbohydrates , which are found in vegetables , cereals and to a lesser degree in fruits , are composed of numerous sugar units joined together in a complex way .
the complex carbohydrates , which are found in vegetables , cereals and to a lesser degree in fruits , are composed of [many] sugar units joined together in a complex way .

In southwestern Britain , Cowe11 and Crothers ( 1970 ) showed that the proportion of adult shells within an enclave that showed obvious signs of surviving a stoppage in growth ( y ) was related to exposure ( x ) on Ballantine 's ( 1961 ) scale by : ( 1895 ) and , subsequently , by numerous other writers on both sides of the Atlantic .
in southwestern britain , cowe11 and crothers ( 1970 ) showed that the proportion of adult shells within an enclave that showed obvious signs of surviving a stoppage in growth ( y ) was related to exposure ( x ) on ballantine 's ( 1961 ) scale by : ( 1895 ) and , subsequently , by [many] other writers on both sides of the atlantic .

In the cavalry skirmishes against Kalmyk , Kirgiz or Mongol horsemen , who almost lived in the saddle and were ‘ a numerous , highly manoeuvrable and well armed foe , a serious and dangerous enemy ’ , Russian firepower proved of very little advantage .
in the cavalry skirmishes against kalmyk , kirgiz or mongol horsemen , who almost lived in the saddle and were ‘ a [many] , highly manoeuvrable and well armed foe , a serious and dangerous enemy ’ , russian firepower proved of very little advantage .

West of the Yenisei , the fishing and hunting economy of the Mansin Khanty , Selkup and Ket peoples was largely based upon the use of dugout or plank boats , in which they navigated the numerous rivers , lakes and marshes of the Ob basin .
west of the yenisei , the fishing and hunting economy of the mansin khanty , selkup and ket peoples was largely based upon the use of dugout or plank boats , in which they navigated the [many] rivers , lakes and marshes of the ob basin .

The police present an entire picture of reality which is interlaced with evaluative conclusions ( such as the description of the conduct to fit a particular legal definition ) , with evidence created by the police in its interaction with the suspect ( the confession ) , and is shaped by numerous decisions taken in the course of the investigation to pursue certain leads or hypotheses and drop others .
the police present an entire picture of reality which is interlaced with evaluative conclusions ( such as the description of the conduct to fit a particular legal definition ) , with evidence created by the police in its interaction with the suspect ( the confession ) , and is shaped by [many] decisions taken in the course of the investigation to pursue certain leads or hypotheses and drop others .

Scott says that financiers formed a ‘ tightly integrated group with numerous overlapping business activities ’ .
scott says that financiers formed a ‘ tightly integrated group with [many] overlapping business activities ’ .

For example , the laws of optics , derived by induction from the results of laboratory experiments , have been used on numerous occasions in the design of optical instruments and these instruments have functioned satisfactorily .
for example , the laws of optics , derived by induction from the results of laboratory experiments , have been used on [many] occasions in the design of optical instruments and these instruments have functioned satisfactorily .

For example , the hard core of the Copernican research programme needed to be augmented by adding numerous epicycles to the initially circular planetary orbits and it was also necessary to change the previously accepted estimate of the distance of the stars from earth .
for example , the hard core of the copernican research programme needed to be augmented by adding [many] epicycles to the initially circular planetary orbits and it was also necessary to change the previously accepted estimate of the distance of the stars from earth .

According to the latter view , scientific knowledge grows continuously as more numerous and more various observations are made , enabling new concepts to be formed , old ones to be refined , and new lawful relationships between them to be discovered .
according to the latter view , scientific knowledge grows continuously as more [many] and more various observations are made , enabling new concepts to be formed , old ones to be refined , and new lawful relationships between them to be discovered .

However , not all the evidence supports this view ; both Hill and Saville found that , while women were more numerous among the youngest groups of migrants , men were more likely to be in the majority in the older groups .
however , not all the evidence supports this view ; both hill and saville found that , while women were more [many] among the youngest groups of migrants , men were more likely to be in the majority in the older groups .

Numerous authors have attempted classifications , often not specifically with regard to housing but as part of a more general examination of social groupings in the countryside .
[many] authors have attempted classifications , often not specifically with regard to housing but as part of a more general examination of social groupings in the countryside .

Numerous figures can be cited to support the view that specific types and ages of households tend to be thus affected , but perhaps the most telling is that 90 per cent of single-person households over the age of 60 years do not have a car ( table 6.1 ) .
[many] figures can be cited to support the view that specific types and ages of households tend to be thus affected , but perhaps the most telling is that 90 per cent of single-person households over the age of 60 years do not have a car ( table 6.1 ) .

Public transport has been subject to numerous policy changes , especially since the 1960s ( Banister 1983 ) .
public transport has been subject to [many] policy changes , especially since the 1960s ( banister 1983 ) .

However , school children pay only about two-thirds of the adult fare and for only 200 days of the year , and for the remainder of the time adult passengers may not be numerous enough to cover operating costs .
however , school children pay only about two-thirds of the adult fare and for only 200 days of the year , and for the remainder of the time adult passengers may not be [many] enough to cover operating costs .

Therefore , the Beeching proposals were quite drastic , although arguably there was no commercial alternative to closing numerous uneconomic lines .
therefore , the beeching proposals were quite drastic , although arguably there was no commercial alternative to closing [many] uneconomic lines .

Numerous examples of rail closures in specific rural areas can be identified .
[many] examples of rail closures in specific rural areas can be identified .

There have been numerous examples of varying degrees of seriousness over the years .
there have been [many] examples of varying degrees of seriousness over the years .

Chance and catastrophe are unsatisfying and inadequate as explanations when we try to understand the numerous and exquisite examples of correlations between the characters of organisms and their physical and social environments .
chance and catastrophe are unsatisfying and inadequate as explanations when we try to understand the [many] and exquisite examples of correlations between the characters of organisms and their physical and social environments .

Even before jazz and rock — in music hall song , for instance — numerous accounts stress the importance of the transforming power of performance , often of admittedly banal material .
even before jazz and rock — in music hall song , for instance — [many] accounts stress the importance of the transforming power of performance , often of admittedly banal material .

He describes guitar tablature in hit song sheet music as ‘ intended for players who can not read the notes ’ : ‘ musical traffic signals ’ ; and he assumes that the numerous mistakes in the piano scores , for which such sheet music has always been notorious , are consciously planned by publishers , to satisfy the listeners ' ‘ infantile amateurism ’ ( Adorno 1978a : 290–1 ) .
he describes guitar tablature in hit song sheet music as ‘ intended for players who can not read the notes ’ : ‘ musical traffic signals ’ ; and he assumes that the [many] mistakes in the piano scores , for which such sheet music has always been notorious , are consciously planned by publishers , to satisfy the listeners ' ‘ infantile amateurism ’ ( adorno 1978a : 290–1 ) .

The agriculturists , on the other hand , had been poor and numerous , supported only by pamphleteers .
the agriculturists , on the other hand , had been poor and [many] , supported only by pamphleteers .

Beneath the substantial merchants were a numerous class of artisans , scattered in towns and villages all over Spain .
beneath the substantial merchants were a [many] class of artisans , scattered in towns and villages all over spain .

By contrast numerous Upper Palaeolithic interments extending from western Europe to Siberia were sufficiently respected to be buried clothed and accompanied by their personal finery .
by contrast [many] upper palaeolithic interments extending from western europe to siberia were sufficiently respected to be buried clothed and accompanied by their personal finery .

An interesting feature of the jades is that they included numerous pieces in the form of halberd blades .
an interesting feature of the jades is that they included [many] pieces in the form of halberd blades .

Among the numerous animals represented were bears , tigers , elephants , tortoises and not least dragons , inhabitants of clouds and bringers of rain .
among the [many] animals represented were bears , tigers , elephants , tortoises and not least dragons , inhabitants of clouds and bringers of rain .

Whereas the Europeans aimed first and foremost at obtaining more brilliant jewels , the Indians were evidently constrained by the requirement to conserve the maximum weight of diamond and therefore aimed to cut more numerous and shallower facets to form a more dome-like gem .
whereas the europeans aimed first and foremost at obtaining more brilliant jewels , the indians were evidently constrained by the requirement to conserve the maximum weight of diamond and therefore aimed to cut more [many] and shallower facets to form a more dome-like gem .

One of the refugees who arrived from Hungary about the same time as Reichmann was Emmanuel Hollander , who would become his partner in numerous business ventures .
one of the refugees who arrived from hungary about the same time as reichmann was emmanuel hollander , who would become his partner in [many] business ventures .

His efforts to soften the Masons ' sinister image — he ordered all branches to launch publicity drives — have failed to impress their numerous critics .
his efforts to soften the masons ' sinister image — he ordered all branches to launch publicity drives — have failed to impress their [many] critics .

On the other hand , there were the numerous authors who attempted to trump Conan Doyle 's ace by having extremely unsupermen heroes .
on the other hand , there were the [many] authors who attempted to trump conan doyle 's ace by having extremely unsupermen heroes .

The Vlahs were sufficiently numerous in south-west Serbia for their name to survive in the Stari Vlah region , south of Titovo Užice .
the vlahs were sufficiently [many] in south-west serbia for their name to survive in the stari vlah region , south of titovo užice .

When the Turks appeared he immediately mounted , either to give battle , or , if they were too numerous , to ride off and raise the alarm .
when the turks appeared he immediately mounted , either to give battle , or , if they were too [many] , to ride off and raise the alarm .

She had passed numerous rooms cut into the rock during her journey , and had noted several tunnel opening with chains stretched across them , hung with danger signs .
she had passed [many] rooms cut into the rock during her journey , and had noted several tunnel opening with chains stretched across them , hung with danger signs .

The two large and rusty freighters that were berthed in the docking area , however , were very definitely of human manufacture , as witnessed by the sweaty crewmen who swarmed all over them , almost as numerous as the dead fish which clogged the oil-choked water .
the two large and rusty freighters that were berthed in the docking area , however , were very definitely of human manufacture , as witnessed by the sweaty crewmen who swarmed all over them , almost as [many] as the dead fish which clogged the oil-choked water .

The corridor inside was a grey conduit for numerous pipes and fittings , lit by plain white bulbs .
the corridor inside was a grey conduit for [many] pipes and fittings , lit by plain white bulbs .

Nevertheless , until Jules had put the thought into her head , she had not once considered the reason for Félix 's numerous kindnesses to her .
nevertheless , until jules had put the thought into her head , she had not once considered the reason for félix 's [many] kindnesses to her .

The Court of Appeal in Parker v. British Airways Board took the opportunity to restate the law in a comprehensive manner and bring order to an area in which there were numerous conflicting precedents .
the court of appeal in parker v. british airways board took the opportunity to restate the law in a comprehensive manner and bring order to an area in which there were [many] conflicting precedents .

The special needs of different categories of the physically handicapped were recognized first by individual philanthropists and this led to the establishment of numerous national and local voluntary organizations aiming to promote the welfare of the disabled .
the special needs of different categories of the physically handicapped were recognized first by individual philanthropists and this led to the establishment of [many] national and local voluntary organizations aiming to promote the welfare of the disabled .

Under the 1944 Education Act they have had a duty to provide this for numerous categories of children : the blind , partially sighted , deaf , partially hearing , physically handicapped , delicate , maladjusted , epileptic , educationally subnormal , children with speech defects , and the autistic .
under the 1944 education act they have had a duty to provide this for [many] categories of children : the blind , partially sighted , deaf , partially hearing , physically handicapped , delicate , maladjusted , epileptic , educationally subnormal , children with speech defects , and the autistic .

So the medical profession has developed , not only in numbers , but into increasingly numerous specializations .
so the medical profession has developed , not only in numbers , but into increasingly [many] specializations .

Animal experiments provide numerous examples of programming which occurs because the organs and systems of the body mature during periods of rapid growth before and immediately after birth .
animal experiments provide [many] examples of programming which occurs because the organs and systems of the body mature during periods of rapid growth before and immediately after birth .

Now , we shall continue with the sayings of the numerous venerable sages ( continues ) …
now , we shall continue with the sayings of the [many] venerable sages ( continues ) …

Russell Buffery ( ‘ Buffy ’ ) is an invalided veteran of three marriages and numerous dalliances , and an absent father .
russell buffery ( ‘ buffy ’ ) is an invalided veteran of three marriages and [many] dalliances , and an absent father .

And , despite numerous subtle hints — like hiding his desk and computer — he still wo n't leave us alone .
and , despite [many] subtle hints — like hiding his desk and computer — he still wo n't leave us alone .

There are also numerous public domain/shareware icon generators , of which Icon Tamer is probably the best .
there are also [many] public domain/shareware icon generators , of which icon tamer is probably the best .

Although it is hampered by a lack of trained community nurses , it has undertaken a process of community diagnosis to determine local health problems and conducts numerous preventive and health education activities , including cervical cytology programmes , visits to schools , group work with mothers , and the training of health agents .
although it is hampered by a lack of trained community nurses , it has undertaken a process of community diagnosis to determine local health problems and conducts [many] preventive and health education activities , including cervical cytology programmes , visits to schools , group work with mothers , and the training of health agents .

General practitioners have served on numerous planning committees with no remuneration , and many are dedicated to undergraduate and postgraduate education , evolving professional standards and performing research .
general practitioners have served on [many] planning committees with no remuneration , and many are dedicated to undergraduate and postgraduate education , evolving professional standards and performing research .

The canton of Aargau itself earned the title of `` the culture state `` as early as the mid-nineteenth century , through its wise development of education ( including one of the first teacher training colleges ) and the arts , a tradition which has obviously continued , judging by the numerous advertisements for concerts , and particularly the Fine Arts Museum in the Rathausplatz .
the canton of aargau itself earned the title of `` the culture state `` as early as the mid-nineteenth century , through its wise development of education ( including one of the first teacher training colleges ) and the arts , a tradition which has obviously continued , judging by the [many] advertisements for concerts , and particularly the fine arts museum in the rathausplatz .

With its numerous holiday facilities , coupled with history and glamorous country , Rorschach invites a stay .
with its [many] holiday facilities , coupled with history and glamorous country , rorschach invites a stay .

The Appenzell countryside is a fairyland where the sun plays tricks with the tall firs and casts elusive shadows in a forest noon , where picturesque cottages straight out of story books have murals telling of local legends , where there are numerous footpaths through green meadows and around the fruit orchards , and the sound of tinkling cowbells drifts across the air .
the appenzell countryside is a fairyland where the sun plays tricks with the tall firs and casts elusive shadows in a forest noon , where picturesque cottages straight out of story books have murals telling of local legends , where there are [many] footpaths through green meadows and around the fruit orchards , and the sound of tinkling cowbells drifts across the air .

It is natural that Zurich , as an international centre of finance , business and tourism , should be well equipped with numerous hotels in all categories .
it is natural that zurich , as an international centre of finance , business and tourism , should be well equipped with [many] hotels in all categories .

There exists however a very great number of variant routes on the numerous well defined walking paths that make this area a great favourite with Swiss visitors who enjoy walking holidays off the beaten track .
there exists however a very great number of variant routes on the [many] well defined walking paths that make this area a great favourite with swiss visitors who enjoy walking holidays off the beaten track .

William Macdonald in `` Sketches of Islay `` says Sanaig cave is worthy of notice , it is difficult to enter , its numerous far winding passages form a `` perfect subterranean labyrinth , `` and it is most remarkable for its reverberation .
william macdonald in `` sketches of islay `` says sanaig cave is worthy of notice , it is difficult to enter , its [many] far winding passages form a `` perfect subterranean labyrinth , `` and it is most remarkable for its reverberation .

In the numerous `` guides `` which have been published over the years the entries are almost always short as in the many editions of Black or Baedeker , often copied , give a general description of the island and tell nothing about the way the people lived .
in the [many] `` guides `` which have been published over the years the entries are almost always short as in the many editions of black or baedeker , often copied , give a general description of the island and tell nothing about the way the people lived .

In the numerous `` guides `` which have been published over the years the entries are almost always short as in the many editions of Black or Baedeker , often copied , give a general description of the island and tell nothing about the way the people lived .
in the [many] `` guides `` which have been published over the years the entries are almost always short as in the many editions of black or baedeker , often copied , give a general description of the island and tell nothing about the way the people lived .

The cause for delays can be numerous , eg Mrs Smith not being ready or Mr Brown ca n't find his key or requires another trip to the toilet .
the cause for delays can be [many] , eg mrs smith not being ready or mr brown ca n't find his key or requires another trip to the toilet .

The following passage summarises his views on the combined system , which he advocated in numerous speeches and articles .
the following passage summarises his views on the combined system , which he advocated in [many] speeches and articles .

Nizan 's exceptionally good grasp of the Spanish political situation was doubtless the product of numerous visits that he made to Spain during 1936 .
nizan 's exceptionally good grasp of the spanish political situation was doubtless the product of [many] visits that he made to spain during 1936 .

Characteristic of Lanzarote are the numerous cones of extinct volcanoes , their surfaces smoothed and round by the dry , fierce winds heading out across the Atlantic from the Moroccan Sahara .
characteristic of lanzarote are the [many] cones of extinct volcanoes , their surfaces smoothed and round by the dry , fierce winds heading out across the atlantic from the moroccan sahara .

The actual official published positions of the field provide a new and powerful model of environmental medicine that contains numerous valuable insights and perspectives into the dynamic causes of many acute and chronic illnesses and provide powerful tools to vastly improve both the quality and cost effectiveness of the health care of applicable illnesses .
the actual official published positions of the field provide a new and powerful model of environmental medicine that contains [many] valuable insights and perspectives into the dynamic causes of many acute and chronic illnesses and provide powerful tools to vastly improve both the quality and cost effectiveness of the health care of applicable illnesses .

It is involved in numerous cellular functions including adhesion , migration and differentiation , angiogenesis , wound healing , embryonic development and tumor cell metastasis ( 6 , and reviewed in 3,4 ) .
it is involved in [many] cellular functions including adhesion , migration and differentiation , angiogenesis , wound healing , embryonic development and tumor cell metastasis ( 6 , and reviewed in 3,4 ) .

Britain and France had gone to war over Poland when it was invaded by Hitler in 1939 , there were numerous Polish-Americans concerned about its future , and a Polish ‘ government-in-exile ’ already existed in London .
britain and france had gone to war over poland when it was invaded by hitler in 1939 , there were [many] polish-americans concerned about its future , and a polish ‘ government-in-exile ’ already existed in london .

In May 1948 numerous European political figures met at the Hague and called for the creation of a European parliament as well as an economic union .
in may 1948 [many] european political figures met at the hague and called for the creation of a european parliament as well as an economic union .

The original version was in Latin but later editions were in English , and numerous reprints were published up until the early 18th century .
the original version was in latin but later editions were in english , and [many] reprints were published up until the early 18th century .

Numerous archaeological sites are already known and have been recorded ( although often not investigated in any detail ) , so the first task is to find out what these sites are .
[many] archaeological sites are already known and have been recorded ( although often not investigated in any detail ) , so the first task is to find out what these sites are .

Once an excavation finishes , the archaeologist is left with numerous written , drawn and photographic records in addition to a quantity of finds and environmental samples with which to establish a picture of the history and development of the excavated site .
once an excavation finishes , the archaeologist is left with [many] written , drawn and photographic records in addition to a quantity of finds and environmental samples with which to establish a picture of the history and development of the excavated site .

Although many sites and finds are still excavated , analysed and dated by the sorting of finds , and so on ( methods which are never likely to be completely replaced ) , numerous scientific methods of dating have now been developed .
although many sites and finds are still excavated , analysed and dated by the sorting of finds , and so on ( methods which are never likely to be completely replaced ) , [many] scientific methods of dating have now been developed .

In fact , petitions — which are scarcely known before 1272 — quickly became so numerous that by 1280 most were being redirected to the appropriate departments of royal government ( the exchequer and the chancery above all ) and only the remainder were dealt with by the king .
in fact , petitions — which are scarcely known before 1272 — quickly became so [many] that by 1280 most were being redirected to the appropriate departments of royal government ( the exchequer and the chancery above all ) and only the remainder were dealt with by the king .

In the present case , we all of us suffer from numerous false beliefs which have some role in our inferential processes , and so on this suggestion none of our present true justified beliefs would count as knowledge .
in the present case , we all of us suffer from [many] false beliefs which have some role in our inferential processes , and so on this suggestion none of our present true justified beliefs would count as knowledge .

Even insects , which for the most part lay numerous tiny eggs , neatly packaged in tiny sculptured capsules , in one or two instances produce their young alive .
even insects , which for the most part lay [many] tiny eggs , neatly packaged in tiny sculptured capsules , in one or two instances produce their young alive .

Unfortunately , not only did the surface become very brittle it also became razor sharp , giving rise to numerous complaints of cuts and scrapes from actors during rehearsal .
unfortunately , not only did the surface become very brittle it also became razor sharp , giving rise to [many] complaints of cuts and scrapes from actors during rehearsal .

‘ An NP-complete puzzle , ’ he said , standing with his hands behind his back and his gaze wandering towards the ceiling , ‘ is one in which the routes to the solution are so numerous that there is no single correct answer .
‘ an np-complete puzzle , ’ he said , standing with his hands behind his back and his gaze wandering towards the ceiling , ‘ is one in which the routes to the solution are so [many] that there is no single correct answer .

He is one of the country 's leading authorities on medieval plague , in particular the Black Death of 1348 , about which he has written numerous papers and articles in historical journals .
he is one of the country 's leading authorities on medieval plague , in particular the black death of 1348 , about which he has written [many] papers and articles in historical journals .

‘ There are numerous books on the meaning behind this particular play , ’ Meredith said .
‘ there are [many] books on the meaning behind this particular play , ’ meredith said .

The mother of the plaintiff in the first action underwent a gynaecological operation in September 1966 while pregnant with the plaintiff , who was born in April 1967 with numerous abnormalities .
the mother of the plaintiff in the first action underwent a gynaecological operation in september 1966 while pregnant with the plaintiff , who was born in april 1967 with [many] abnormalities .

In April 1967 a baby girl was born in England suffering from numerous abnormalities .
in april 1967 a baby girl was born in england suffering from [many] abnormalities .

In the case of estate agents , it is their business to act for numerous principals : where properties are of a similar description , there will be a conflict of interest between the principals each of whom will be concerned to attract potential purchasers to their property rather than that of another .
in the case of estate agents , it is their business to act for [many] principals : where properties are of a similar description , there will be a conflict of interest between the principals each of whom will be concerned to attract potential purchasers to their property rather than that of another .

Section 84 provides that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the Bank of information to a numerous class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions corresponding to those of — ( i ) the Bank under this Act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .
section 84 provides that section 82 does not preclude the disclosure by the bank of information to a [many] class of specified persons , including , most significantly , ‘ for the purpose of enabling or assisting an authority in a country or territory outside the united kingdom to exercise — ( a ) functions corresponding to those of — ( i ) the bank under this act : ’ subsection ( 6 ) ( a ) .

Mr. Ashworth cited numerous cases in which the acts complained of were in themselves unlawful and in which there are many references to unlawful acts in the context of public nuisance .
mr. ashworth cited [many] cases in which the acts complained of were in themselves unlawful and in which there are many references to unlawful acts in the context of public nuisance .

Passing an oil rig and numerous naval vessels , we moored alongside a jetty on the estuary leading up to the town .
passing an oil rig and [many] naval vessels , we moored alongside a jetty on the estuary leading up to the town .

There are numerous anchorages in the roads .
there are [many] anchorages in the roads .

The applications of this little tool in treasure hunting are numerous : dump digging , beachcombing , industrial river foreshores , and farm fields .
the applications of this little tool in treasure hunting are [many] : dump digging , beachcombing , industrial river foreshores , and farm fields .

There is hardly a treasure hunter anywhere in the world who has not heard of Charles Garrett , read at least one of his numerous books on the subject , or at one time or another used one of his metal detectors .
there is hardly a treasure hunter anywhere in the world who has not heard of charles garrett , read at least one of his [many] books on the subject , or at one time or another used one of his metal detectors .

‘ They were very small ticks but very numerous and got all over you .
‘ they were very small ticks but very [many] and got all over you .

Includes 55 colour plates and numerous sketches by the author .
includes 55 colour plates and [many] sketches by the author .

His comments on the £4.95 decanter and 99p earrings , used on numerous occasions before his speech to the IoD , were what supported the Ratner share price rather than what undermined it .
his comments on the £4.95 decanter and 99p earrings , used on [many] occasions before his speech to the iod , were what supported the ratner share price rather than what undermined it .

In warm weather you could sit in their shade on one of the numerous benches provided by the municipio .
in warm weather you could sit in their shade on one of the [many] benches provided by the municipio .

Furniture and furnishings in Parma show a strong French influence , too , being Parmesan adaptations of the Empire style ; and the local dialect has numerous words which are purely French ( although these must have been imported at an earlier time , perhaps under the Bourbons in the eighteenth century ) — armoir for armadio ( a wardrobe ) , vin for vino , boucho for tappo ( a cork ) , artichaut for carciofo ( an artichoke ) , and so on .
furniture and furnishings in parma show a strong french influence , too , being parmesan adaptations of the empire style ; and the local dialect has [many] words which are purely french ( although these must have been imported at an earlier time , perhaps under the bourbons in the eighteenth century ) — armoir for armadio ( a wardrobe ) , vin for vino , boucho for tappo ( a cork ) , artichaut for carciofo ( an artichoke ) , and so on .

Earlier in the day Eric had begun to fake a bad stomach ache and made long and numerous trips to the lavatory .
earlier in the day eric had begun to fake a bad stomach ache and made long and [many] trips to the lavatory .

Glass has written nine operas , numerous film scores , compositions for violin and piano , music for ballet and the theatre .
glass has written nine operas , [many] film scores , compositions for violin and piano , music for ballet and the theatre .

And we have heard that Del Curb was on that planet , along with numerous evil people who seek the phetam Now all the evil ones seem to be on Uulaa , pursuing Del Curb , As are we .
and we have heard that del curb was on that planet , along with [many] evil people who seek the phetam now all the evil ones seem to be on uulaa , pursuing del curb , as are we .

Long before the century was out recitative was becoming more and more perfunctory , the interpolated arias more numerous , and the heyday of aria opera was reached with Alessandro Scarlatti and the numerous composers born or trained at Naples .
long before the century was out recitative was becoming more and more perfunctory , the interpolated arias more [many] , and the heyday of aria opera was reached with alessandro scarlatti and the [many] composers born or trained at naples .

Numerous collections were published , some with tunes only , some for ( usually ) four voices , with melodies either original or adapted from plainsong or popular song .
[many] collections were published , some with tunes only , some for ( usually ) four voices , with melodies either original or adapted from plainsong or popular song .

So long as religious music and sophisticated secular music shared the common techniques of imitative polyphony they naturally preserved a relationship the closeness of which is demonstrated by the numerous paraphrase Masses based on madrigals or chansons .
so long as religious music and sophisticated secular music shared the common techniques of imitative polyphony they naturally preserved a relationship the closeness of which is demonstrated by the [many] paraphrase masses based on madrigals or chansons .

His German compositions are the least numerous : less than a hundred ( of which half are geistliche Lieder ) as against nearly 140 chansons and about 180 madrigals and villanelle .
his german compositions are the least [many] : less than a hundred ( of which half are geistliche lieder ) as against nearly 140 chansons and about 180 madrigals and villanelle .

By the middle of the century chamber cantatas were being written all over Italy ; the composers were as numerous as the madrigalists of the previous century .
by the middle of the century chamber cantatas were being written all over italy ; the composers were as [many] as the madrigalists of the previous century .

Arias became more important , more numerous , and were given more often to important personages ; conversely , recitative became more perfunctory , the secco element more pronounced .
arias became more important , more [many] , and were given more often to important personages ; conversely , recitative became more perfunctory , the secco element more pronounced .

The eighteenth-century Château de Remaisnil is magnificent by any standards ; it was by far the grandest home the Ashleys had yet lived in and it presented them with numerous challenges of a personal and artistic nature , not least of which was learning to speak French .
the eighteenth-century château de remaisnil is magnificent by any standards ; it was by far the grandest home the ashleys had yet lived in and it presented them with [many] challenges of a personal and artistic nature , not least of which was learning to speak french .

Jane and Laura went on numerous shopping trips for antiques to Paris and , slowly , all the rooms in the château were redecorated in fabrics more in keeping with the building 's style and history .
jane and laura went on [many] shopping trips for antiques to paris and , slowly , all the rooms in the château were redecorated in fabrics more in keeping with the building 's style and history .

Her fame was such that , in the early Eighties , the company received numerous offers from owners of beautiful houses who wanted to have them decorated in ‘ Laura Ashley ’ fabrics and then allow the company to use them in its publicity .
her fame was such that , in the early eighties , the company received [many] offers from owners of beautiful houses who wanted to have them decorated in ‘ laura ashley ’ fabrics and then allow the company to use them in its publicity .

‘ Let me see , we have caves where an apostle of Christ was shipwrecked , caves where numerous island virgins entered , never to return , caves where the nymph Calypso seduced Homer 's hero Ulysses on his return to Ithaca from the Trojan War .
‘ let me see , we have caves where an apostle of christ was shipwrecked , caves where [many] island virgins entered , never to return , caves where the nymph calypso seduced homer 's hero ulysses on his return to ithaca from the trojan war .

There were also numerous cousins , aunts , uncles , plus a wide assortment of friends , Maltese , Italian , French , English , all displaying the same enviable social accomplishments of making a stranger in their midst feel instantly at home .
there were also [many] cousins , aunts , uncles , plus a wide assortment of friends , maltese , italian , french , english , all displaying the same enviable social accomplishments of making a stranger in their midst feel instantly at home .

In some populations in Britain , however , there are also ladybirds with more black on their wing covers ( the black spots are enlarged and more numerous ) this type is called quadrimaculata .
in some populations in britain , however , there are also ladybirds with more black on their wing covers ( the black spots are enlarged and more [many] ) this type is called quadrimaculata .

Its extreme development , however , of numerous energetic and colourful displays , and extreme structural modification in males , can not be so easily explained .
its extreme development , however , of [many] energetic and colourful displays , and extreme structural modification in males , can not be so easily explained .

Some philanthropic workers , such as Octavia Hill , who trained numerous lady rent collectors , insisted on maintaining a business relationship with the poor , but the relationship between visitor and visited tended to be paternalistic rather than contractual .
some philanthropic workers , such as octavia hill , who trained [many] lady rent collectors , insisted on maintaining a business relationship with the poor , but the relationship between visitor and visited tended to be paternalistic rather than contractual .

Most local newspapers contained numerous advertisements for and by people wanting children to nurse .
most local newspapers contained [many] advertisements for and by people wanting children to nurse .

Indeed , a painter-critic named Lecomte had resigned from membership of the Salon because he felt the Cubists were too numerous and their work too well hung .
indeed , a painter-critic named lecomte had resigned from membership of the salon because he felt the cubists were too [many] and their work too well hung .

The Orphists were not adequately represented at this Salon , since Delaunay himself refused to show there , but at the Indépendants of 1914 the Orphist canvases were so numerous and of such large dimensions that they had to be placed in the largest and most important hall on the ground floor .
the orphists were not adequately represented at this salon , since delaunay himself refused to show there , but at the indépendants of 1914 the orphist canvases were so [many] and of such large dimensions that they had to be placed in the largest and most important hall on the ground floor .

The brush-strokes have become smaller and more numerous , and perspective is distorted to such an extent that the buildings occasionally appear to be composed of completely dislocated or dissociated walls and roofs .
the brush-strokes have become smaller and more [many] , and perspective is distorted to such an extent that the buildings occasionally appear to be composed of completely dislocated or dissociated walls and roofs .

The outcome of numerous studies into different aspects of the behaviour of groups is a considerable store of useful and practicable knowledge about the working of groups .
the outcome of [many] studies into different aspects of the behaviour of groups is a considerable store of useful and practicable knowledge about the working of groups .

In the physical world of production , numerous control systems are in operation .
in the physical world of production , [many] control systems are in operation .

The marketing role in an organization is carried out by numerous individuals .
the marketing role in an organization is carried out by [many] individuals .

It also implies that marketing is an activity carried out by numerous people in the organization , and not just by those called marketing/sales personnel .
it also implies that marketing is an activity carried out by [many] people in the organization , and not just by those called marketing/sales personnel .

British Rail , for example , has conducted numerous surveys amongst the travelling public to enquire why they do not make more use of trains .
british rail , for example , has conducted [many] surveys amongst the travelling public to enquire why they do not make more use of trains .

In consumer matters these rights have not stood the test of time , and in modern economic conditions , Britain and other Western nations have had to introduce numerous statutory regulations to clarify and indeed strengthen the rights of individual consumers .
in consumer matters these rights have not stood the test of time , and in modern economic conditions , britain and other western nations have had to introduce [many] statutory regulations to clarify and indeed strengthen the rights of individual consumers .

Publicly appointed bodies representing consumers ' interests are considerably more numerous than private groups .
publicly appointed bodies representing consumers ' interests are considerably more [many] than private groups .

To apply this strategy to numerous small-scale emission sources such as heating in homes and motor vehicles would be more complex .
to apply this strategy to [many] small-scale emission sources such as heating in homes and motor vehicles would be more complex .

Unlike an industrial accident involving a single emission source , the pollutants contributing to an urban smog are emitted from numerous diverse sources and may be of many types .
unlike an industrial accident involving a single emission source , the pollutants contributing to an urban smog are emitted from [many] diverse sources and may be of many types .

Whether it was the media , leaders of interest groups , or trigger events ( such as the sequence of New York City smogs during the 1960s , publication of numerous books which continued the theme first introduced in Rachel Carson 's Silent Spring , or Ralph Nader 's environmental reports ) which generated the environmental movement , the media sustained public interest for environmental issues ( figure 8.5 ) .
whether it was the media , leaders of interest groups , or trigger events ( such as the sequence of new york city smogs during the 1960s , publication of [many] books which continued the theme first introduced in rachel carson 's silent spring , or ralph nader 's environmental reports ) which generated the environmental movement , the media sustained public interest for environmental issues ( figure 8.5 ) .

In many areas local services were provided by numerous different authorities , which often gave rise to acute co-ordination problems .
in many areas local services were provided by [many] different authorities , which often gave rise to acute co-ordination problems .

In this and other cited areas ( such as the development of high-rise flats and the commercial redevelopment of numerous town centres since the 1950s ) , central government did more than simply exhort — it provided financial incentives to help secure compliance .
in this and other cited areas ( such as the development of high-rise flats and the commercial redevelopment of [many] town centres since the 1950s ) , central government did more than simply exhort — it provided financial incentives to help secure compliance .

In numerous policy areas ( such as smoke control , comprehensive education , selling council houses ) central government has often been frustrated by local authorities .
in [many] policy areas ( such as smoke control , comprehensive education , selling council houses ) central government has often been frustrated by local authorities .

It is understandable , therefore , why they should also believe that this harsh and exploitative system a fact noted not just by Marxists but also by social reformers like Dickens , Rowntree , William Booth , the Webbs and Edwin Chadwick at the time would ultimately be questioned by the class of people who were at once both the most numerous and the most exploited by this mode of production .
it is understandable , therefore , why they should also believe that this harsh and exploitative system a fact noted not just by marxists but also by social reformers like dickens , rowntree , william booth , the webbs and edwin chadwick at the time would ultimately be questioned by the class of people who were at once both the most [many] and the most exploited by this mode of production .

The list of changes in modern capitalism which have been seen as fundamentally questioning the original Marxist theory are too numerous to mention in detail , so we will confine ourselves to the major changes which have fuelled debate amongst Marxists .
the list of changes in modern capitalism which have been seen as fundamentally questioning the original marxist theory are too [many] to mention in detail , so we will confine ourselves to the major changes which have fuelled debate amongst marxists .

While pluralists and elite theorists might dispute that an analysis of power should start researchers collect by observation numerous pieces of evidence about the same observable relationships and phenomena in society .
while pluralists and elite theorists might dispute that an analysis of power should start researchers collect by observation [many] pieces of evidence about the same observable relationships and phenomena in society .

Military expenditure is at a very high level , and there have been numerous reports , both inside and outside government , which attest to the corruption , inefficiency and massive profits being made in defence contracting .
military expenditure is at a very high level , and there have been [many] reports , both inside and outside government , which attest to the corruption , inefficiency and massive profits being made in defence contracting .

It is a conditional influence , the bounds of which are dependent as much on the ability to mobilise and win popular support ( which it clearly did not do immediately after Vietnam , when expenditure on the military fell ) as it is on manufacturing an unholy alliance between numerous competing bureaucratic , industrial and military institutions .
it is a conditional influence , the bounds of which are dependent as much on the ability to mobilise and win popular support ( which it clearly did not do immediately after vietnam , when expenditure on the military fell ) as it is on manufacturing an unholy alliance between [many] competing bureaucratic , industrial and military institutions .

Generated from the antarctic ice-sheet , they are far more numerous and often much larger than their arctic counterparts , the largest exceeding 200 km long when newly formed .
generated from the antarctic ice-sheet , they are far more [many] and often much larger than their arctic counterparts , the largest exceeding 200 km long when newly formed .

Many , for example the auks and petrels , feed at sea all the year round , often at great distances from land ; these are the most numerous , breeding in cliff colonies that include thousands of nesting pairs .
many , for example the auks and petrels , feed at sea all the year round , often at great distances from land ; these are the most [many] , breeding in cliff colonies that include thousands of nesting pairs .

With a total population estimated at 15–30 million , crabeaters are almost certainly the world 's most numerous seals ( Laws , 1984 ) ; their wide dispersal on pack ice protects them from human depredations .
with a total population estimated at 15–30 million , crabeaters are almost certainly the world 's most [many] seals ( laws , 1984 ) ; their wide dispersal on pack ice protects them from human depredations .

Though many polar invertebrate species appear to be endemic , very little is known of their biology : the liveliest , most prominent and most numerous elements are the arthropods , and these have provided most of what is known on adaptations and ways of life in terrestrial and freshwater environments .
though many polar invertebrate species appear to be endemic , very little is known of their biology : the liveliest , most prominent and most [many] elements are the arthropods , and these have provided most of what is known on adaptations and ways of life in terrestrial and freshwater environments .

There had been another bad raid on Sunday night but soldiers and gangs of workmen were clearing the roads of the debris from shattered buildings and fire crews from all the surrounding districts had come to help fight the numerous fires .
there had been another bad raid on sunday night but soldiers and gangs of workmen were clearing the roads of the debris from shattered buildings and fire crews from all the surrounding districts had come to help fight the [many] fires .

Works by Hogarth hung in the gallery at Slains : the library contained ‘ a valuable numerous collection ’ , and Boswell renders one of his usual excellent off-the-cuff services to our understanding of eighteenth-century domestic arrangements : ‘ The noble owner has built of brick , along the square on the inside , a gallery , both on the first and second story , the house being no higher ; so that he has always a dry walk , and the rooms , to which formerly there was no approach but through each other , have now all separate entries from the gallery . ’
works by hogarth hung in the gallery at slains : the library contained ‘ a valuable [many] collection ’ , and boswell renders one of his usual excellent off-the-cuff services to our understanding of eighteenth-century domestic arrangements : ‘ the noble owner has built of brick , along the square on the inside , a gallery , both on the first and second story , the house being no higher ; so that he has always a dry walk , and the rooms , to which formerly there was no approach but through each other , have now all separate entries from the gallery . ’

Textile villages ( the most numerous ) and factory villages were founded on water-power sites .
textile villages ( the most [many] ) and factory villages were founded on water-power sites .

Johnson wrote , ‘ We were treated with very liberal hospitality , among a more numerous and elegant company than it could have been supposed easy to collect .
johnson wrote , ‘ we were treated with very liberal hospitality , among a more [many] and elegant company than it could have been supposed easy to collect .

Bearing in mind that after the stinginess of Armadale he had gone to the house of this ‘ hearty welcome ’ , and had been pleased with ‘ a numerous and cheerful company ’ — why did Boswell prove less forthcoming than one might have expected about the Mackinnons ?
bearing in mind that after the stinginess of armadale he had gone to the house of this ‘ hearty welcome ’ , and had been pleased with ‘ a [many] and cheerful company ’ — why did boswell prove less forthcoming than one might have expected about the mackinnons ?

The most obvious exception is tin , the main export of Bolivia , which may help to explain the Soviet Union 's especial enthusiasm for its relations with Bolivia , which have survived that country 's numerous changes of government .
the most obvious exception is tin , the main export of bolivia , which may help to explain the soviet union 's especial enthusiasm for its relations with bolivia , which have survived that country 's [many] changes of government .

The examples are numerous .
the examples are [many] .

Campa describes how the conversion from anarcho-syndicalism to Bolshevism took place : ‘ Somewhat generalised opinions [ arose ] amongst unionists and also amongst numerous intellectuals as to the need to create a party of the working class .
campa describes how the conversion from anarcho-syndicalism to bolshevism took place : ‘ somewhat generalised opinions [ arose ] amongst unionists and also amongst [many] intellectuals as to the need to create a party of the working class .

Between 1968 and 1970 , there were numerous violent incidents involving shootouts between the police and members of the Black Panthers organisation .
between 1968 and 1970 , there were [many] violent incidents involving shootouts between the police and members of the black panthers organisation .

It is evident , even from this brief review of the Act , that its overall effect has been to legitimise and encourage numerous police practices ( e.g .
it is evident , even from this brief review of the act , that its overall effect has been to legitimise and encourage [many] police practices ( e.g .

Philip Hayley , the main character of the novel , undertakes an excavation of the life of his charlatan father , around whose numerous exploits that the plot revolves .
philip hayley , the main character of the novel , undertakes an excavation of the life of his charlatan father , around whose [many] exploits that the plot revolves .

Blanche watched without expression , sipping at her cup of tea , except when Nicola appeared in one of her numerous pieces to camera .
blanche watched without expression , sipping at her cup of tea , except when nicola appeared in one of her [many] pieces to camera .

If your debtors are numerous and getting angry , contact the Citizen 's Advice Bureau ( 071 833 2181 ) who can intervene on your behalf .
if your debtors are [many] and getting angry , contact the citizen 's advice bureau ( 071 833 2181 ) who can intervene on your behalf .

To the career ladies in the minority , however , it is thoroughly depressing , particularly when they see numerous retired gentlemen occupying starting times on Saturday and Sunday mornings who have played several times during the week as well .
to the career ladies in the minority , however , it is thoroughly depressing , particularly when they see [many] retired gentlemen occupying starting times on saturday and sunday mornings who have played several times during the week as well .

Everyone associated with the game will know of the numerous titles won by Fred Daly , but possibly many will be interested to know of his achievements in The Open .
everyone associated with the game will know of the [many] titles won by fred daly , but possibly many will be interested to know of his achievements in the open .

Anyway , there are numerous easier ways for her to show her independence at this stage , such as walking , feeding or emptying out her toy box .
anyway , there are [many] easier ways for her to show her independence at this stage , such as walking , feeding or emptying out her toy box .

We receive numerous calls from mothers in this situation , and have put them in touch with our consultants who have advised and helped them reach their own decisions .
we receive [many] calls from mothers in this situation , and have put them in touch with our consultants who have advised and helped them reach their own decisions .

Fascinating facts , wine lore , numerous tastings and expert guidance are all part of a series of tours that take in famous Continental wine-growing areas from Tuscany to the Rhine , Bordeaux to Burgundy , Rioja to the Rhône .
fascinating facts , wine lore , [many] tastings and expert guidance are all part of a series of tours that take in famous continental wine-growing areas from tuscany to the rhine , bordeaux to burgundy , rioja to the rhône .

Prices range from £650 to £1,000-plus with travel , half-board accommodation , numerous tastings and ‘ unlimited soft drinks while on the coach ’ — a sensible touch .
prices range from £650 to £1,000-plus with travel , half-board accommodation , [many] tastings and ‘ unlimited soft drinks while on the coach ’ — a sensible touch .

There are plenty of fragrant roses available , too numerous to mention individually and including many old varieties with ravishing perfumes .
there are plenty of fragrant roses available , too [many] to mention individually and including many old varieties with ravishing perfumes .

The Bodrum peninsula is extremely rugged , with numerous day stops and lots of good overnight anchorages cleft deep into the mountainous coastline .
the bodrum peninsula is extremely rugged , with [many] day stops and lots of good overnight anchorages cleft deep into the mountainous coastline .

Busy small holiday villages with good facilities and numerous restaurants .
busy small holiday villages with good facilities and [many] restaurants .

Sattareh lived with numerous mothers , more than 30 siblings and some thousand servants .
sattareh lived with [many] mothers , more than 30 siblings and some thousand servants .

Apart from its immunosuppressive action , prolonged mental and physical arousal resulting from stress can generate a cycle of numerous biochemical processes that seem to hasten ageing .
apart from its immunosuppressive action , prolonged mental and physical arousal resulting from stress can generate a cycle of [many] biochemical processes that seem to hasten ageing .

Only regimental commissions ( numerous enough to oil the wheels of many a portraitist 's agency ) continue the heroic tradition .
only regimental commissions ( [many] enough to oil the wheels of many a portraitist 's agency ) continue the heroic tradition .

When not being a mother or supportive wife , she has taken on numerous appointments in areas that interest her .
when not being a mother or supportive wife , she has taken on [many] appointments in areas that interest her .

When the Dauphine had just given birth ( in front of numerous ambassadors , foreign princes and courtiers ) , a sheep was skinned alive in her bedroom so that the exhausted mother could be wrapped in its fleece .
when the dauphine had just given birth ( in front of [many] ambassadors , foreign princes and courtiers ) , a sheep was skinned alive in her bedroom so that the exhausted mother could be wrapped in its fleece .

Such beachcombing activities go on at numerous places around our ‘ sceptred Isle ’ .
such beachcombing activities go on at [many] places around our ‘ sceptred isle ’ .

The services of tableware always included numerous saucers which were invariably made of white silver ; they were not gilded owing to the constituents of the sauces , such as lemon juice , which would tarnish the gilded metal .
the services of tableware always included [many] saucers which were invariably made of white silver ; they were not gilded owing to the constituents of the sauces , such as lemon juice , which would tarnish the gilded metal .

In a country still torn between two rivals for sovereignty , and plagued by numerous uncommitted lords more interested in carving out kingdoms of their own , wise men observed their hospitable duties and opened their houses to all , but waited to examine credentials before opening their minds .
in a country still torn between two rivals for sovereignty , and plagued by [many] uncommitted lords more interested in carving out kingdoms of their own , wise men observed their hospitable duties and opened their houses to all , but waited to examine credentials before opening their minds .

Adult education is to be understood in its wider sense of continuing education ( Venables , 1976 ) that it is with reference to teaching undertaken in adult education institutes , community colleges , in further and higher education , as well as in organisations within the private sector of industry and commerce and the numerous private language schools .
adult education is to be understood in its wider sense of continuing education ( venables , 1976 ) that it is with reference to teaching undertaken in adult education institutes , community colleges , in further and higher education , as well as in organisations within the private sector of industry and commerce and the [many] private language schools .

Predictably , there have been numerous success stories often involving mature women whose domestic commitments had prevented them from returning to employment , who had lost confidence in themselves or , if they were working , had little or no recognition for their linguistic and human management skills .
predictably , there have been [many] success stories often involving mature women whose domestic commitments had prevented them from returning to employment , who had lost confidence in themselves or , if they were working , had little or no recognition for their linguistic and human management skills .

Numerous academic debates seek to distinguish between the servicing role of adult education and one which is based on individual or collective needs within the context of social action .
[many] academic debates seek to distinguish between the servicing role of adult education and one which is based on individual or collective needs within the context of social action .

They were soulless little beings , numerous and uniform , no more than a commercial product bred to a standard , and Reynolds was slightly disturbed to find that they did n't evoke any feeling of sympathy from him .
they were soulless little beings , [many] and uniform , no more than a commercial product bred to a standard , and reynolds was slightly disturbed to find that they did n't evoke any feeling of sympathy from him .

In fact , there were numerous efforts to resist the idea that natural relationships were unpredictable .
in fact , there were [many] efforts to resist the idea that natural relationships were unpredictable .

But Lamarck 's followers were far more numerous than historians once believed , and they continued to argue that a serial relationship was apparent in the animal kingdom , at least in the arrangement of the main classes .
but lamarck 's followers were far more [many] than historians once believed , and they continued to argue that a serial relationship was apparent in the animal kingdom , at least in the arrangement of the main classes .

In Asia , they were driven southwards by the competition of numerous higher and more powerful forms , but have found a last resting-place in the swampy forests of the Malay region .
in asia , they were driven southwards by the competition of [many] higher and more powerful forms , but have found a last resting-place in the swampy forests of the malay region .

He would have had to make deals with numerous petty bosses to get where he was today , and still there was no guarantee against the greed of the Triads .
he would have had to make deals with [many] petty bosses to get where he was today , and still there was no guarantee against the greed of the triads .

There were numerous dirt tracks leading off from this road , but she did n't recall seeing it parked in any of them as she passed .
there were [many] dirt tracks leading off from this road , but she did n't recall seeing it parked in any of them as she passed .

While these major upgrades to PageMaker , there are numerous smaller changes which make it easier to use .
while these major upgrades to pagemaker , there are [many] smaller changes which make it easier to use .

As Alan Fox , a major proponent and later critic of pluralism , has put it , ‘ The pluralist does not claim anything approaching perfection for this system … [ but the imbalances of strength between employers and unions … are not seen as so numerous or severe as generally to discredit the system either from the union 's point of view or the management 's ’ ( 1977 , p.136 ) .
as alan fox , a major proponent and later critic of pluralism , has put it , ‘ the pluralist does not claim anything approaching perfection for this system … [ but the imbalances of strength between employers and unions … are not seen as so [many] or severe as generally to discredit the system either from the union 's point of view or the management 's ’ ( 1977 , p.136 ) .

In addition , the impact that strikes have on production tends for numerous reasons to be exaggerated .
in addition , the impact that strikes have on production tends for [many] reasons to be exaggerated .

Stoppages in the early 1960s were numerous but tended to be limited in the numbers of workers involved and in duration .
stoppages in the early 1960s were [many] but tended to be limited in the numbers of workers involved and in duration .

This protest , the first of numerous campaigns to protect the region , led to his foundation of the Lake District Defence Society .
this protest , the first of [many] campaigns to protect the region , led to his foundation of the lake district defence society .

In March 1403 his numerous benefices were reckoned to be worth over £800 a year .
in march 1403 his [many] benefices were reckoned to be worth over £800 a year .

Jones had numerous literary acquaintances , including Samuel Johnson , Joseph Spence , and Thomas Warton [ qq.v . ]
jones had [many] literary acquaintances , including samuel johnson , joseph spence , and thomas warton [ qq.v . ]

Appointment as surveyor of the roads to the General Post Office ( 1794 ) led to the publication of authoritative road measurements in Cary 's influential New Itenary ( numerous editions from 1798 ) .
appointment as surveyor of the roads to the general post office ( 1794 ) led to the publication of authoritative road measurements in cary 's influential new itenary ( [many] editions from 1798 ) .

He also served on numerous other committees and commissions .
he also served on [many] other committees and commissions .

, whom he admired , but Earbery had none of his wit or power of reasoning : his numerous works are largely made up of quantities of historical narrative , related with a strong ideological bias , often laced with personal abuse .
, whom he admired , but earbery had none of his wit or power of reasoning : his [many] works are largely made up of quantities of historical narrative , related with a strong ideological bias , often laced with personal abuse .

As a painter , he had the facility to produce a likeness in a single one-hour sitting , and the numerous illustrations to his books are competent .
as a painter , he had the facility to produce a likeness in a single one-hour sitting , and the [many] illustrations to his books are competent .

He wrote numerous promotion schemes , mostly involving the grant of monopolies to himself and his associate .
he wrote [many] promotion schemes , mostly involving the grant of monopolies to himself and his associate .

Although numerous entries in the Stationers ' Company register attest to the variety of Herringman 's early trade list , he concentrated on the publication of belles-lettres from the 1660s .
although [many] entries in the stationers ' company register attest to the variety of herringman 's early trade list , he concentrated on the publication of belles-lettres from the 1660s .

From 1892 Ada Leverson published numerous stories and sketches in Punch and other magazines .
from 1892 ada leverson published [many] stories and sketches in punch and other magazines .

He published numerous books throughout his career , such as Model Electric Locomotives and Railways ( 1921 ) , which became the ‘ bible ’ for the model railway world .
he published [many] books throughout his career , such as model electric locomotives and railways ( 1921 ) , which became the ‘ bible ’ for the model railway world .

Hargreaves 's inventions were numerous and diverse ; besides his innovations in the soap , alkali , metallurgical , and electrochemical industries , his ‘ thermo-motor ’ anticipated the idea of the diesel engine , and he was among the first to advocate the use of gaseous chlorine for treating sewage .
hargreaves 's inventions were [many] and diverse ; besides his innovations in the soap , alkali , metallurgical , and electrochemical industries , his ‘ thermo-motor ’ anticipated the idea of the diesel engine , and he was among the first to advocate the use of gaseous chlorine for treating sewage .

Though he published little under his sole name , the best testimony to his erudition is to be found in the prefaces of numerous books on Mozart by both English and foreign authors who readily acknowledged his guidance .
though he published little under his sole name , the best testimony to his erudition is to be found in the prefaces of [many] books on mozart by both english and foreign authors who readily acknowledged his guidance .

They had a numerous family , of whom four sons and four daughters were living in 1878 .
they had a [many] family , of whom four sons and four daughters were living in 1878 .

His many publications include On an Electrical Parcel Exchange System ( 1891 ) , The Telephone Systems of the Continent of Europe ( 1895 ) , Proposals for London Improvements ( 1904 ) , Historic Locomotives ( 1906 ) , The First Railway in London ( 1912 ) , London and Londoners in the Eighteen-Fifties and Sixties ( 1924 ) ; as well as numerous papers and pamphlets on telephony and railways in scientific and professional journals .
his many publications include on an electrical parcel exchange system ( 1891 ) , the telephone systems of the continent of europe ( 1895 ) , proposals for london improvements ( 1904 ) , historic locomotives ( 1906 ) , the first railway in london ( 1912 ) , london and londoners in the eighteen-fifties and sixties ( 1924 ) ; as well as [many] papers and pamphlets on telephony and railways in scientific and professional journals .

He wrote numerous articles in journals relating to children 's health , and was editor and part author of a number of textbooks , including Nursing and Diseases of Sick Children ( 1930 ) .
he wrote [many] articles in journals relating to children 's health , and was editor and part author of a number of textbooks , including nursing and diseases of sick children ( 1930 ) .

He served on numerous Home Office and Ministry of Health committees , on the clinical research board of the Medical Research Council and as chairman of the Central Midwives Board in 1967 .
he served on [many] home office and ministry of health committees , on the clinical research board of the medical research council and as chairman of the central midwives board in 1967 .

More than this , he appears to have served on numerous committees dealing with a wide range of bills : in this way , perhaps more than any other , he may be considered to have , as he put it , ‘ done my country some good , whereunto we are all called ’ .
more than this , he appears to have served on [many] committees dealing with a wide range of bills : in this way , perhaps more than any other , he may be considered to have , as he put it , ‘ done my country some good , whereunto we are all called ’ .

From 1828 to 1850 he acted as engineer to the Scottish Fisheries Board , in which capacity he built or improved numerous harbours , including Dunbar , Fraserburgh , Inverness , and Wick .
from 1828 to 1850 he acted as engineer to the scottish fisheries board , in which capacity he built or improved [many] harbours , including dunbar , fraserburgh , inverness , and wick .

He received numerous one-off commissions and designed model dwellings in Letchworth , Hampstead Garden Suburb , and Gidea Park in Essex .
he received [many] one-off commissions and designed model dwellings in letchworth , hampstead garden suburb , and gidea park in essex .

An obsessive bureaucrat , he listed the numerous instruments of his scientific friends , but published nothing .
an obsessive bureaucrat , he listed the [many] instruments of his scientific friends , but published nothing .

There are numerous allusions to the rearing of the children , from the agonies of pregnancy and child-bearing , weaning and teething and walking , through to apprenticeship and marriage .
there are [many] allusions to the rearing of the children , from the agonies of pregnancy and child-bearing , weaning and teething and walking , through to apprenticeship and marriage .

Intimate details of Josselin 's health , moving descriptions of the frequently fatal sickness of his children , and numerous comments on the epidemics which afflicted the village reveal another side of his character .
intimate details of josselin 's health , moving descriptions of the frequently fatal sickness of his children , and [many] comments on the epidemics which afflicted the village reveal another side of his character .

The sharpness of her observations on numerous aspects of contemporary life has made her journal a prime source for social and economic historians , ranking with that of Daniel Defoe [ q.v . ]
the sharpness of her observations on [many] aspects of contemporary life has made her journal a prime source for social and economic historians , ranking with that of daniel defoe [ q.v . ]

As well as these exotics , the garden at Dangstein , tended by thirty-four gardeners , had one of the earliest herbaceous borders , a pinetum , exotic birds and animals , a flock of pigeons with Chinese whistles attached to their tails ( Lady Dorothy 's ‘ aerial orchestra ’ ) , a silkworm farm , and a museum with some of her numerous collections — snuffboxes , corset buttons , silhouettes , wax medallions , lockets , and many similar objects .
as well as these exotics , the garden at dangstein , tended by thirty-four gardeners , had one of the earliest herbaceous borders , a pinetum , exotic birds and animals , a flock of pigeons with chinese whistles attached to their tails ( lady dorothy 's ‘ aerial orchestra ’ ) , a silkworm farm , and a museum with some of her [many] collections — snuffboxes , corset buttons , silhouettes , wax medallions , lockets , and many similar objects .

Yarn purchased from Nottingham or from the Arkwrights , the leading firm in the cotton industry , was turned into cloth by numerous hand-loom weavers organized by Oldknow 's talented managers .
yarn purchased from nottingham or from the arkwrights , the leading firm in the cotton industry , was turned into cloth by [many] hand-loom weavers organized by oldknow 's talented managers .

The firm 's range , much of it in combinations of copper and brass , gradually increased to include numerous patterns of gas and electric lamp fittings , furniture decorations , and tea-kettles .
the firm 's range , much of it in combinations of copper and brass , gradually increased to include [many] patterns of gas and electric lamp fittings , furniture decorations , and tea-kettles .

–1864 ) , politician and Protestant propagandist , was born in Scotland ( either in Abernethy , near Perth , or in Aberdeen ) 11 March 1789 , one of the numerous children of James ( ‘ Brae ’ ) Gordon of Little Folla , factor to the Duke of Gordon , and Ann McDonald .
–1864 ) , politician and protestant propagandist , was born in scotland ( either in abernethy , near perth , or in aberdeen ) 11 march 1789 , one of the [many] children of james ( ‘ brae ’ ) gordon of little folla , factor to the duke of gordon , and ann mcdonald .

In 1827 he founded the British Society for Promoting the Religious Principles of the Reformation ( later Protestant Reformation Society ) as a vehicle for outright proselytism , and during the next few years participated in numerous public debates with Roman Catholics , both in Britain and in Ireland .
in 1827 he founded the british society for promoting the religious principles of the reformation ( later protestant reformation society ) as a vehicle for outright proselytism , and during the next few years participated in [many] public debates with roman catholics , both in britain and in ireland .

She never married , but her diaries reveal that she was involved in numerous lesbian affairs .
she never married , but her diaries reveal that she was involved in [many] lesbian affairs .

Hiding out in the forest , Eustace duped and humiliated Renaud in a series of daring escapades , appearing before him in numerous disguises , ambushing him and his men , and time and again making off with his horses .
hiding out in the forest , eustace duped and humiliated renaud in a series of daring escapades , appearing before him in [many] disguises , ambushing him and his men , and time and again making off with his horses .

He was a moderately prolific architect with an extensive practice in Shropshire , the Welsh Marches , and south Wales , his output encompassing further public buildings , numerous churches , and country houses .
he was a moderately prolific architect with an extensive practice in shropshire , the welsh marches , and south wales , his output encompassing further public buildings , [many] churches , and country houses .

He built a hotel , shops , and numerous houses for his workpeople , paying one-fifth of Mossley 's rates .
he built a hotel , shops , and [many] houses for his workpeople , paying one-fifth of mossley 's rates .

In the political field he supplied munificent financial support to the Liberal Party and its numerous causes .
in the political field he supplied munificent financial support to the liberal party and its [many] causes .

Compulsory regular attendance at services in King 's College chapel may account for numerous biblical references in later poems ; Sorley was deeply religious in the philosophical sense but always remained out of tune with conventional belief .
compulsory regular attendance at services in king 's college chapel may account for [many] biblical references in later poems ; sorley was deeply religious in the philosophical sense but always remained out of tune with conventional belief .

Harmer published numerous influential papers on the Cetacea and enhanced the collections .
harmer published [many] influential papers on the cetacea and enhanced the collections .

His writings included numerous papers and articles on the design and construction of his bridges and other structures .
his writings included [many] papers and articles on the design and construction of his bridges and other structures .

Despite anti-imperialist demonstrations , public meetings , numerous articles and pamphlets , and a newspaper called the Workers ' Republic , he won few converts .
despite anti-imperialist demonstrations , public meetings , [many] articles and pamphlets , and a newspaper called the workers ' republic , he won few converts .

When he left , after numerous rows with American socialists , though the class struggle was still his main concern , he had developed a new sympathy with cultural and political nationalism , his character had mellowed , and he had matured into a thinker of depth , breadth , and originality , and an orator of force and passion .
when he left , after [many] rows with american socialists , though the class struggle was still his main concern , he had developed a new sympathy with cultural and political nationalism , his character had mellowed , and he had matured into a thinker of depth , breadth , and originality , and an orator of force and passion .

He wrote numerous songs , many of a medical nature , dramatized Waverley by ( Sir ) Walter Scott [ q.v . ]
he wrote [many] songs , many of a medical nature , dramatized waverley by ( sir ) walter scott [ q.v . ]

His fellowships and honours were numerous and included membership of the Iron and Steel Institute , the Institution of Mechanical Engineers , the Royal Institution , and the Institute of Refrigeration , of which he was president in 1914–15 .
his fellowships and honours were [many] and included membership of the iron and steel institute , the institution of mechanical engineers , the royal institution , and the institute of refrigeration , of which he was president in 1914–15 .

It would not be quite true to claim that his wide experience of light music , and the strain of singing long parts , with numerous encores , throughout the week left no mark on either his style or his vocal chords ; but he can be justly likened to two other similarly popular tenors , John McCormack and Tito Schipa , in his ability to return successfully to serious music until the end of his career .
it would not be quite true to claim that his wide experience of light music , and the strain of singing long parts , with [many] encores , throughout the week left no mark on either his style or his vocal chords ; but he can be justly likened to two other similarly popular tenors , john mccormack and tito schipa , in his ability to return successfully to serious music until the end of his career .

In order to support herself , her daughter Eliza , and her son Orlando , she took up numerous , often very short-lived pursuits , including the superintendence of schools , translating , colouring prints , working in her brother 's shop in Penzance , running William Godwin 's Juvenile Library , and working as a governess for families in London and Lee Mount , Cork .
in order to support herself , her daughter eliza , and her son orlando , she took up [many] , often very short-lived pursuits , including the superintendence of schools , translating , colouring prints , working in her brother 's shop in penzance , running william godwin 's juvenile library , and working as a governess for families in london and lee mount , cork .

In 1248 Peter was in Simon 's retinue when the latter went out to Gascony as seneschal and thereafter there are numerous instances of the close connection between the two men .
in 1248 peter was in simon 's retinue when the latter went out to gascony as seneschal and thereafter there are [many] instances of the close connection between the two men .

It has resulted in the formation of numerous community associations , tenants ' groups , community resource centres , welfare rights centres , women 's groups , cooperatives , etc .
it has resulted in the formation of [many] community associations , tenants ' groups , community resource centres , welfare rights centres , women 's groups , cooperatives , etc .

This is why thresholds are needed : when cat is presented , numerous logogens will be excited , but in every case the excitation will not be high enough for the threshold level to be reached — except for the logogen for cat , which will receive so much evidence that its threshold will be reached .
this is why thresholds are needed : when cat is presented , [many] logogens will be excited , but in every case the excitation will not be high enough for the threshold level to be reached — except for the logogen for cat , which will receive so much evidence that its threshold will be reached .

However , this model is simple enough for one to be able to make numerous predictions from it , and hence it has been easy to submit the model to experimental tests .
however , this model is simple enough for one to be able to make [many] predictions from it , and hence it has been easy to submit the model to experimental tests .

Because numerous theoretical approaches to visual word-recognition postulate horizontal interconnections between detectors evidence suggesting that such interconnections do not exist serves a vital function in adjudicating between theories .
because [many] theoretical approaches to visual word-recognition postulate horizontal interconnections between detectors evidence suggesting that such interconnections do not exist serves a vital function in adjudicating between theories .

There are examples in some countries of such candidates being elected and of pressure-group members of parliament being sufficiently numerous and permanent to share in office and to be regarded as a permanent parliamentary group — in other words , to behave in many ways like a party .
there are examples in some countries of such candidates being elected and of pressure-group members of parliament being sufficiently [many] and permanent to share in office and to be regarded as a permanent parliamentary group — in other words , to behave in many ways like a party .

First , those who have a political interest to pursue will not in fact always do so , for example consumers , who are numerous but widely distributed , generally have never organized themselves as effectively or as efficiently as producers , who are much fewer in number but already have a business organization able to be adapted for political purposes .
first , those who have a political interest to pursue will not in fact always do so , for example consumers , who are [many] but widely distributed , generally have never organized themselves as effectively or as efficiently as producers , who are much fewer in number but already have a business organization able to be adapted for political purposes .

During and following the Gorbachev era there were numerous complaints about the tendency of presidents to arrogate more power to themselves on the grounds that it was a temporary measure to deal with the extremely serious economic and social situation facing the republics .
during and following the gorbachev era there were [many] complaints about the tendency of presidents to arrogate more power to themselves on the grounds that it was a temporary measure to deal with the extremely serious economic and social situation facing the republics .

Climatology is probably the most data-rich branch , in which maps showing mean values of climatic elements such as precipitation or temperature had been long-established and numerous attempts had been made to classify climates upon a world basis .
climatology is probably the most data-rich branch , in which maps showing mean values of climatic elements such as precipitation or temperature had been long-established and [many] attempts had been made to classify climates upon a world basis .

Recent historical changes of soils are more numerous than the degree of research attention accorded by physical geographers might suggest but the effects of salinity , drainage , fertilizers , pollution and land use change all have considerable significance for soil pedons and soil processes .
recent historical changes of soils are more [many] than the degree of research attention accorded by physical geographers might suggest but the effects of salinity , drainage , fertilizers , pollution and land use change all have considerable significance for soil pedons and soil processes .

It is true that despite close attention from numerous scientists around the world for the past 60 years , soil erosion is now perhaps more widespread than ever before .
it is true that despite close attention from [many] scientists around the world for the past 60 years , soil erosion is now perhaps more widespread than ever before .

Numerous Soviet proposals for regional disarmament or nuclear-free zones were advanced in the late 1950s and 1960s , although generally these did not envisage the formal neutralisation of the regions concerned .
[many] soviet proposals for regional disarmament or nuclear-free zones were advanced in the late 1950s and 1960s , although generally these did not envisage the formal neutralisation of the regions concerned .

The individual principles in Brezhnev 's five-point doctrine were familiar to numerous Soviet proclamations on Third World regions .
the individual principles in brezhnev 's five-point doctrine were familiar to [many] soviet proclamations on third world regions .

However , since the 1976 Colombo Conference the non-aligned states issued numerous appeals to transform the region into a zone of peace and cooperation .
however , since the 1976 colombo conference the non-aligned states issued [many] appeals to transform the region into a zone of peace and cooperation .

The addition of oboes to a high melodic cello passage gives it great poignancy , and at the same time counteracts the tendency towards thinness of tone which is apt to be somewhat distressing unless the cellos are both first-rate and numerous .
the addition of oboes to a high melodic cello passage gives it great poignancy , and at the same time counteracts the tendency towards thinness of tone which is apt to be somewhat distressing unless the cellos are both first-rate and [many] .

The issues are numerous and diverse but groups form to try to influence decisions concerning these issues .
the issues are [many] and diverse but groups form to try to influence decisions concerning these issues .

Just how important the station was to the life of the community can be gauged from the numerous stretches of approach road and land that were improved at the ratepayers ' expense — widened , often given pavements which look particularly incongruous leading from nowhere today , and lit with gas lamps .
just how important the station was to the life of the community can be gauged from the [many] stretches of approach road and land that were improved at the ratepayers ' expense — widened , often given pavements which look particularly incongruous leading from nowhere today , and lit with gas lamps .

Oysters and American bicycles , together with large consignments of hops , are among some of the principal items of a very varied and numerous assortment of commodities which we receive in quantities from the United States .
oysters and american bicycles , together with large consignments of hops , are among some of the principal items of a very varied and [many] assortment of commodities which we receive in quantities from the united states .

They display linear troughs , sets of parallel ridges and troughs , and numerous roughly circular features from about the lower size limit of 30 km across up to about 1700 km across .
they display linear troughs , sets of parallel ridges and troughs , and [many] roughly circular features from about the lower size limit of 30 km across up to about 1700 km across .

The smaller the crater diameter the more numerous the craters , and this remains the case when secondary craters , which are smaller than their primaries , are excluded .
the smaller the crater diameter the more [many] the craters , and this remains the case when secondary craters , which are smaller than their primaries , are excluded .

If the Moon also lost most of its craters from the final stages of formation then the apparent failure on Mercury of post-formation bombardment to saturate the intercrater plains may seem to indicate that Mercury was exposed to a less numerous population of small bodies than the Moon .
if the moon also lost most of its craters from the final stages of formation then the apparent failure on mercury of post-formation bombardment to saturate the intercrater plains may seem to indicate that mercury was exposed to a less [many] population of small bodies than the moon .

The smallest ovals of all , which are very numerous , have life cycles which suggest that they too are in rotary motion .
the smallest ovals of all , which are very [many] , have life cycles which suggest that they too are in rotary motion .

These seem to be whirls of motion of a particular kind called eddies , and at the cloud tops they are very numerous .
these seem to be whirls of motion of a particular kind called eddies , and at the cloud tops they are very [many] .

Numerous tiny apartments looked out onto these ever-smaller back courtyards , and ( contrary to Holbrecht 's prescriptions ) filled the cellars of the buildings .
[many] tiny apartments looked out onto these ever-smaller back courtyards , and ( contrary to holbrecht 's prescriptions ) filled the cellars of the buildings .

Numerous analysts have castigated him , not just for the absence of a theory of modernization , but for the absence of any sort of mechanism and account of social change in his work .
[many] analysts have castigated him , not just for the absence of a theory of modernization , but for the absence of any sort of mechanism and account of social change in his work .

It is important to note in particular that although much is said and written about directives ( as indeed will be the case later in this article ) , they are much less numerous than regulations , which appear in effect as the most frequently used Community legislative instrument .
it is important to note in particular that although much is said and written about directives ( as indeed will be the case later in this article ) , they are much less [many] than regulations , which appear in effect as the most frequently used community legislative instrument .

However , the statement of reasons is not required to specify the often very numerous and complex matters of fact or law dealt with in legislative measures , provided that those measures fall within the general scheme of the body of measures of which they form part .
however , the statement of reasons is not required to specify the often very [many] and complex matters of fact or law dealt with in legislative measures , provided that those measures fall within the general scheme of the body of measures of which they form part .

There is a vast body of charity case law , many House of Lords decisions , a vast jurisprudence , massive textbooks , a profligacy of articles , a thriving Chancery Bar , the solicitors ' profession and the Charity Commissioners responding to numerous enquiries .
there is a vast body of charity case law , many house of lords decisions , a vast jurisprudence , massive textbooks , a profligacy of articles , a thriving chancery bar , the solicitors ' profession and the charity commissioners responding to [many] enquiries .

If the foe seemed too large or numerous to deal with , he would withdraw discreetly and leave the witless Cleo to her fate .
if the foe seemed too large or [many] to deal with , he would withdraw discreetly and leave the witless cleo to her fate .

In this instance all four parts are written in the same ink , but the inner parts contain numerous erasures and second thoughts , as well as a 16-bar gap in the viola part : as we shall see , Purcell seems to have added the entire movement later . )
in this instance all four parts are written in the same ink , but the inner parts contain [many] erasures and second thoughts , as well as a 16-bar gap in the viola part : as we shall see , purcell seems to have added the entire movement later . )

They affiliated themselves to the mendicant orders such as the Franciscans and Dominicans for their religious authentication , and engaged themselves , like their mendicant counterparts , in active participation of their faith , managing numerous charitable enterprises and conducting their own daily evening devotional services .
they affiliated themselves to the mendicant orders such as the franciscans and dominicans for their religious authentication , and engaged themselves , like their mendicant counterparts , in active participation of their faith , managing [many] charitable enterprises and conducting their own daily evening devotional services .

The reader is presented with as wide a context as possible , and from this is better able to understand the central role that the laude assumed in their devotions and how numerous bequests maintained this tradition .
the reader is presented with as wide a context as possible , and from this is better able to understand the central role that the laude assumed in their devotions and how [many] bequests maintained this tradition .

In numerous jurisdictions , steps have been taken by the judiciary or legislature to limit or abolish the marital rape exemption .
in [many] jurisdictions , steps have been taken by the judiciary or legislature to limit or abolish the marital rape exemption .

There were plenty of gates and there were numerous ways out of the square , and the park itself was barely a couple of hundred yards across ; just another backstreet pigeon trap with no feature other than a strange half-timbered lodge near its centre to make it unique , but still she hesitated to enter .
there were plenty of gates and there were [many] ways out of the square , and the park itself was barely a couple of hundred yards across ; just another backstreet pigeon trap with no feature other than a strange half-timbered lodge near its centre to make it unique , but still she hesitated to enter .

The event — which last year raised over £68000 for the benefit of young people who are disabled , unemployed on probation or from ethnic minorities — consisted of numerous tests , designed to challenge the lads ' teamwork , communication , leadership and ingenuity .
the event — which last year raised over £68000 for the benefit of young people who are disabled , unemployed on probation or from ethnic minorities — consisted of [many] tests , designed to challenge the lads ' teamwork , communication , leadership and ingenuity .

Structural and decorative work was undertaken to create the best in modern working environment while maintaining the traditional ambience of this ‘ grand old Bank ’ and its numerous objects d'art .
structural and decorative work was undertaken to create the best in modern working environment while maintaining the traditional ambience of this ‘ grand old bank ’ and its [many] objects d'art .

The numerous customers who have banked with Holt 's or Drummonds for generations include high ranking military , aristocracy , West End clubs , institutions and societies , many of which opened accounts with Drummonds when it was founded in 1717 .
the [many] customers who have banked with holt 's or drummonds for generations include high ranking military , aristocracy , west end clubs , institutions and societies , many of which opened accounts with drummonds when it was founded in 1717 .

There were numerous raffles , a quarterly cash draw , and various social events including quiz nights and darts and dominoes evenings .
there were [many] raffles , a quarterly cash draw , and various social events including quiz nights and darts and dominoes evenings .

‘ The problem with the Touche Ross report is that it makes assumptions that lead it to overestimate the savings associated with smaller , more numerous councils .
‘ the problem with the touche ross report is that it makes assumptions that lead it to overestimate the savings associated with smaller , more [many] councils .

There are of course other collections too numerous to mention , covering topics as diverse as witchcraft and mountaineering , baking and Ossianic literature .
there are of course other collections too [many] to mention , covering topics as diverse as witchcraft and mountaineering , baking and ossianic literature .

However extensive research by The Open Spaces Society has resulted in a concise reference guide that even where detail is lacking , such as the section on obtaining a grant , there are numerous references to further sources of information .
however extensive research by the open spaces society has resulted in a concise reference guide that even where detail is lacking , such as the section on obtaining a grant , there are [many] references to further sources of information .

‘ Bringing all this together has required a great deal of planning , co-operation between numerous organisations and many long hours of work , ’ he added .
‘ bringing all this together has required a great deal of planning , co-operation between [many] organisations and many long hours of work , ’ he added .

Encouraged by advances in technology , and subsidies of up to 40 per cent on installation costs , numerous landowners are setting up wind farms on their land .
encouraged by advances in technology , and subsidies of up to 40 per cent on installation costs , [many] landowners are setting up wind farms on their land .

Usually , numerous levels are relevant to the understanding of a mosaic .
usually , [many] levels are relevant to the understanding of a mosaic .

In addition , there are also examples of a more eclectic but `` static `` figural sequence , whose composite arrangements are extremely rich in figures but whose figures are linked only conceptually or are envisaged as nothing more than numerous , individual representations .
in addition , there are also examples of a more eclectic but `` static `` figural sequence , whose composite arrangements are extremely rich in figures but whose figures are linked only conceptually or are envisaged as nothing more than [many] , individual representations .

( ii ) Elaborate figures , often numerous , well drawn and well executed but with a number of possible themes in any one mosaic ; predominantly in the west of the province , after c. 170-180 .
( ii ) elaborate figures , often [many] , well drawn and well executed but with a number of possible themes in any one mosaic ; predominantly in the west of the province , after c. 170-180 .

The subject of Orpheus entrancing the wild beasts , and the familiar association of Orpheus with wheels and the revolution of nature , seems to explain the choice of arrangement in four of the above instances ( although on numerous occasions elsewhere , e.g .
the subject of orpheus entrancing the wild beasts , and the familiar association of orpheus with wheels and the revolution of nature , seems to explain the choice of arrangement in four of the above instances ( although on [many] occasions elsewhere , e.g .

For a relatively complex geometrical format , moreover , these designs are especially numerous in the south-western part of England .
for a relatively complex geometrical format , moreover , these designs are especially [many] in the south-western part of england .

Numerous features of these pavements contrast with those of the main Orpheus designs : - ( i ) The animals in the Newton St. Loe Orpheus mosaic are agitated , not `` entranced `` as at Woodchester and Barton Farm .
[many] features of these pavements contrast with those of the main orpheus designs : - ( i ) the animals in the newton st. loe orpheus mosaic are agitated , not `` entranced `` as at woodchester and barton farm .

46 ) numerous features contrast with those of the mosaics of Barton Farm and Woodchester .
46 ) [many] features contrast with those of the mosaics of barton farm and woodchester .

Between those of the former two sites ( assuming the drawings of the mosaics are accurate ) there are numerous indicators of a close stylistic relationship .
between those of the former two sites ( assuming the drawings of the mosaics are accurate ) there are [many] indicators of a close stylistic relationship .

In particular , the evidence suggests more numerous and more significant substantial affinities , and a dearth of the close but extensive relationships ( integral affinities ) which are usually indicative of `` schools ' of mosaicists .
in particular , the evidence suggests more [many] and more significant substantial affinities , and a dearth of the close but extensive relationships ( integral affinities ) which are usually indicative of `` schools ' of mosaicists .

At Aldborough , the corridor mosaic displays numerous panels , but especially significant are those of all-over chequers in three colours and that with a band of crowstep pattern which encloses two swastikas .
at aldborough , the corridor mosaic displays [many] panels , but especially significant are those of all-over chequers in three colours and that with a band of crowstep pattern which encloses two swastikas .

As such , it is one of the most valuable ecological sites in the country , home to numerous rare species : sand lizards , smooth snakes , nightjars , Dartford warblers and the hobby falcon .
as such , it is one of the most valuable ecological sites in the country , home to [many] rare species : sand lizards , smooth snakes , nightjars , dartford warblers and the hobby falcon .

However , in addition to the mining ban , it is thought to cover the protection of the marine environment , the disposal of waste from the numerous research stations in the area , and the preservation of fauna and flora .
however , in addition to the mining ban , it is thought to cover the protection of the marine environment , the disposal of waste from the [many] research stations in the area , and the preservation of fauna and flora .

In this form the Art Fair reached a more numerous and a far wider public ; and it is hoped that the Tabernacle will provide a permanent home for this venture , which does so much to help young artists of promise in the difficult years after leaving art college until they make their name .
in this form the art fair reached a more [many] and a far wider public ; and it is hoped that the tabernacle will provide a permanent home for this venture , which does so much to help young artists of promise in the difficult years after leaving art college until they make their name .

She has published numerous scientific articles mainly of relevance to arthritis research .
she has published [many] scientific articles mainly of relevance to arthritis research .

Numerous birds and fish depend on the estuaries and mudflats , for wintering grounds and breeding and migration routes .
[many] birds and fish depend on the estuaries and mudflats , for wintering grounds and breeding and migration routes .

The World Bank plan is likely to be opposed by the timber industry , which has close ties with numerous senior government officials , and by the Foreign Ministry , many of whose employees are alleged to profit by allowing logging restrictions to be ignored .
the world bank plan is likely to be opposed by the timber industry , which has close ties with [many] senior government officials , and by the foreign ministry , many of whose employees are alleged to profit by allowing logging restrictions to be ignored .

Rhino horn is believed to have numerous medical applications , and such is the demand for it in China that Ming dynasty cups and bowls , worth up to £75,000 in Europe , are now being ground down .
rhino horn is believed to have [many] medical applications , and such is the demand for it in china that ming dynasty cups and bowls , worth up to £75,000 in europe , are now being ground down .

The Code consists of ten General Principles , 38 rules ( with numerous sub-rules and notes ) and four appendices .
the code consists of ten general principles , 38 rules ( with [many] sub-rules and notes ) and four appendices .

The effect of the doctrine on provisions of the second type has been the subject of more numerous decisions of the court .
the effect of the doctrine on provisions of the second type has been the subject of more [many] decisions of the court .

Stoppard 's authorial comments at the end of the scene , stating that Anderson is `` out of his depth `` ( p. 66 and p. 73 ) and `` afraid `` ( p. 73 ) are actually in evidence throughout the scene in his numerous hesitations ( 17 , out of 52 turns , or 32.7 per cent , compared with the mean figure for his hesitations in all scenes of 13.9 per cent ) , longer pauses ( 4 instances ) and unfinished turns ( 5 instances ) .
stoppard 's authorial comments at the end of the scene , stating that anderson is `` out of his depth `` ( p. 66 and p. 73 ) and `` afraid `` ( p. 73 ) are actually in evidence throughout the scene in his [many] hesitations ( 17 , out of 52 turns , or 32.7 per cent , compared with the mean figure for his hesitations in all scenes of 13.9 per cent ) , longer pauses ( 4 instances ) and unfinished turns ( 5 instances ) .

This tendency reached a quite ludicrous result in the course of the Spycatcher litigation , when the House of Lords at one point narrowly upheld an interim injunction on newspapers publishing details from a book which was on open sale throughout the rest of the world , and numerous copies of which were circulating in Britain .
this tendency reached a quite ludicrous result in the course of the spycatcher litigation , when the house of lords at one point narrowly upheld an interim injunction on newspapers publishing details from a book which was on open sale throughout the rest of the world , and [many] copies of which were circulating in britain .

Britain may still be a country where `` everything is permitted which is not specifically prohibited `` , but the specific prohibitions have become more numerous , without having to justify themselves against the overriding principle of public interest suggested by the Royal Commission on the Press .
britain may still be a country where `` everything is permitted which is not specifically prohibited `` , but the specific prohibitions have become more [many] , without having to justify themselves against the overriding principle of public interest suggested by the royal commission on the press .

In temperate areas , members of the genus Cooperia usually play a secondary role in the pathogenesis of parasitic gastroenteritis of ruminants although they may be the most numerous trichostrongyle present .
in temperate areas , members of the genus cooperia usually play a secondary role in the pathogenesis of parasitic gastroenteritis of ruminants although they may be the most [many] trichostrongyle present .

Though the adult worms are never numerous , they are very fecund , and an infected pig may pass a million eggs per day .
though the adult worms are never [many] , they are very fecund , and an infected pig may pass a million eggs per day .

This is the " Escape " code which introduces numerous screen printing and control sequences which are described in the " Description of Escape Sequences " sub-section .
this is the " escape " code which introduces [many] screen printing and control sequences which are described in the " description of escape sequences " sub-section .

The concepts used are too numerous to be shown in this chapter , but the example of a concept/keyword map in Figure 6.3 shows how concepts and keywords are combined into identifiable groups ; and how concepts and keywords are interrelated .
the concepts used are too [many] to be shown in this chapter , but the example of a concept/keyword map in figure 6.3 shows how concepts and keywords are combined into identifiable groups ; and how concepts and keywords are interrelated .

Although there is currently a software `` explosion `` , methods for the dissemination of information on software are numerous and varied .
although there is currently a software `` explosion `` , methods for the dissemination of information on software are [many] and varied .

Mohamed Ali had both established the last of the numerous alien dynasties to rule Egypt and begun to lay the groundwork for a modern state on European lines .
mohamed ali had both established the last of the [many] alien dynasties to rule egypt and begun to lay the groundwork for a modern state on european lines .

Still lost in admiration , she filled the kettle , then set about finding what she needed in the numerous cupboards that lined the kitchen walls .
still lost in admiration , she filled the kettle , then set about finding what she needed in the [many] cupboards that lined the kitchen walls .

Of particular interest to the reviewer were the sections of the book depicting the various foreign air arms that flew Mosquitos and the post-war civilian operators of the type , the latter illustrating numerous air racing and speed record attempts made with the Wooden Wonder .
of particular interest to the reviewer were the sections of the book depicting the various foreign air arms that flew mosquitos and the post-war civilian operators of the type , the latter illustrating [many] air racing and speed record attempts made with the wooden wonder .

Excessive oil temperature caused a problem with the Pegasus engines on early Londons , and the prototype was subjected to numerous tests and experiments to iron it out .
excessive oil temperature caused a problem with the pegasus engines on early londons , and the prototype was subjected to [many] tests and experiments to iron it out .

Thus , purchases by the Board would have done nothing to facilitate an increase in the total supply of land for development even if they had been much more numerous .
thus , purchases by the board would have done nothing to facilitate an increase in the total supply of land for development even if they had been much more [many] .

Instead there are numerous surveys and a barrage of figures .
instead there are [many] surveys and a barrage of figures .

Numerous theories have been formulated to explain the disorder , from many different perspectives : psychoanalytical , social , behavioural , cognitive and biological .
[many] theories have been formulated to explain the disorder , from many different perspectives : psychoanalytical , social , behavioural , cognitive and biological .

They are well known for their methodological rigour , and they study factors relating to depression of clinical significance , that is , their cases have symptoms at least as numerous and severe as those treated by psychiatrists in out-patient settings .
they are well known for their methodological rigour , and they study factors relating to depression of clinical significance , that is , their cases have symptoms at least as [many] and severe as those treated by psychiatrists in out-patient settings .

Taken together , these studies provide numerous practical indications for the management of schizophrenia .
taken together , these studies provide [many] practical indications for the management of schizophrenia .

But as yet no feature of parenting has been convincingly established as being a causal factor in the first onset of the disorder despite observations by numerous investigators that parent-child relationships are often atypical in a number of ways .
but as yet no feature of parenting has been convincingly established as being a causal factor in the first onset of the disorder despite observations by [many] investigators that parent-child relationships are often atypical in a number of ways .

( 1987b ) describes , by way of example , the case of a girl who had had numerous foster placements which broke down progressively more rapidly .
( 1987b ) describes , by way of example , the case of a girl who had had [many] foster placements which broke down progressively more rapidly .

she has been in numerous exhibitions since graduating from Goldsmiths ' College and the Salde School of Art .
she has been in [many] exhibitions since graduating from goldsmiths ' college and the salde school of art .

Fairclough ( as Ive said on numerous occasions ) is excellent when given a job to do … as he is in this formation .
fairclough ( as ive said on [many] occasions ) is excellent when given a job to do … as he is in this formation .

Numerous other ‘ near things ’ .
[many] other ‘ near things ’ .

Owen knew from the title that this was a member of the Egyptian Royal Family but which of the Khedive 's numerous progeny it was escaped him for the moment .
owen knew from the title that this was a member of the egyptian royal family but which of the khedive 's [many] progeny it was escaped him for the moment .

Critical Acclaim — Since being voted European Car of the Year in 1991 , the Clio has attracted warm praise from numerous expert motoring journalists .
critical acclaim — since being voted european car of the year in 1991 , the clio has attracted warm praise from [many] expert motoring journalists .

Unlike smaller birds which , though more numerous , go to cover to eat , this bird is ‘ fearless ’ and defends the tree against other frugivores and may thus , on two counts , be rather inefficient at promoting dispersal of seeds away from the mother tree .
unlike smaller birds which , though more [many] , go to cover to eat , this bird is ‘ fearless ’ and defends the tree against other frugivores and may thus , on two counts , be rather inefficient at promoting dispersal of seeds away from the mother tree .

The most primitive state is where the stamens are united basally and are numerous , curving inwards in a symmetrical flower as in Gustavia spp .
the most primitive state is where the stamens are united basally and are [many] , curving inwards in a symmetrical flower as in gustavia spp .

are moth-pollinated ( flowers opening at night , few at a time , white , stamens numerous and more copious nectar ) .
are moth-pollinated ( flowers opening at night , few at a time , white , stamens [many] and more copious nectar ) .

Since the Paris Opéra was such an exceptional institution , and its orchestra and chorus so numerous , all French writers felt obliged to treat it as a special case .
since the paris opéra was such an exceptional institution , and its orchestra and chorus so [many] , all french writers felt obliged to treat it as a special case .

In the opening récit the oboes could only have played on the three-part ritournelle , presumably two treble oboes and a bassoon , as in the numerous wind trios in Lully 's later works .
in the opening récit the oboes could only have played on the three-part ritournelle , presumably two treble oboes and a bassoon , as in the [many] wind trios in lully 's later works .

The inventory of the shop shows that Martin made recorders ( flutes ) , bassoons , musettes and transverse flutes , the flute-type instruments being by far the most numerous .
the inventory of the shop shows that martin made recorders ( flutes ) , bassoons , musettes and transverse flutes , the flute-type instruments being by far the most [many] .

Jacques 's admiration for the composer is further expressed by the numerous musical examples drawn from the music of Lully in his ( Paris , 1719 ) .
jacques 's admiration for the composer is further expressed by the [many] musical examples drawn from the music of lully in his ( paris , 1719 ) .

The old Gesamtausgabe ( 1877–1910 ) used with few exceptions only dots , and so did all the numerous editions derived from it .
the old gesamtausgabe ( 1877–1910 ) used with few exceptions only dots , and so did all the [many] editions derived from it .

There 'd been numerous dark arched carved-wood doors leading off the hall , most of which she had still to investigate …
there 'd been [many] dark arched carved-wood doors leading off the hall , most of which she had still to investigate …

‘ He 's only going to sleep in one of the numerous empty guest rooms , Virgie , love !
‘ he 's only going to sleep in one of the [many] empty guest rooms , virgie , love !

The brief look they exchanged seemed to heal numerous unspoken resentments .
the brief look they exchanged seemed to heal [many] unspoken resentments .

There were numerous tourists admiring the incredible views but to Ruth there was no one in the world but Fernando .
there were [many] tourists admiring the incredible views but to ruth there was no one in the world but fernando .

She had used make-up sparingly due to the heat , and had chosen a blouson dress with thin straps , made of numerous tiny pleats that fanned out as she walked showing off the pastel rainbow hues of the silky material .
she had used make-up sparingly due to the heat , and had chosen a blouson dress with thin straps , made of [many] tiny pleats that fanned out as she walked showing off the pastel rainbow hues of the silky material .

When the patterns of magnetic anomalies across mid-oceanic ridges were mapped out it was noticed that in several cases the parallel bands of similarly magnetized crust were broken by numerous offsets or displacements which seemed to be aligned approximately at right angles to the axis of the ridge .
when the patterns of magnetic anomalies across mid-oceanic ridges were mapped out it was noticed that in several cases the parallel bands of similarly magnetized crust were broken by [many] offsets or displacements which seemed to be aligned approximately at right angles to the axis of the ridge .

The individual faults which branch , join , bend and sidestep each other , give rise to numerous separate areas of uplift and subsidence ( Fig .
the individual faults which branch , join , bend and sidestep each other , give rise to [many] separate areas of uplift and subsidence ( fig .

Many mountain belts situated along present or past plate boundaries contain numerous individual slivers of crust some of which , on the basis of palaeomagnetic and structural evidence , together with their assemblage of rock types , appear to have travelled great distances before arriving in their present positions .
many mountain belts situated along present or past plate boundaries contain [many] individual slivers of crust some of which , on the basis of palaeomagnetic and structural evidence , together with their assemblage of rock types , appear to have travelled great distances before arriving in their present positions .

Numerous displaced terranes have also been identified in the Alpine-Himalayan chain ( Fig .
[many] displaced terranes have also been identified in the alpine-himalayan chain ( fig .

Numerous mechanisms have been suggested to explain the often significant uplift that has occurred in plate interiors but none seems to be applicable to all cases .
[many] mechanisms have been suggested to explain the often significant uplift that has occurred in plate interiors but none seems to be applicable to all cases .

Interpretations of these sedimentary sequences in conjunction with morphological and structural evidence has led to the development of numerous models of the tectonic evolution of passive margins .
interpretations of these sedimentary sequences in conjunction with morphological and structural evidence has led to the development of [many] models of the tectonic evolution of passive margins .

Where there is abundant gas in erupting magma the resulting lava contains numerous gas-filled vesicles , or cavities , and has a sponge-like form known as scoria .
where there is abundant gas in erupting magma the resulting lava contains [many] gas-filled vesicles , or cavities , and has a sponge-like form known as scoria .

What is evident is that the age of electronic records opens numerous possibilities that will enrich the understanding of contemporary culture .
what is evident is that the age of electronic records opens [many] possibilities that will enrich the understanding of contemporary culture .

The worth of a set of documents or electronic information resource will depend upon numerous factors from prevailing scholarly attitudes to ease of use .
the worth of a set of documents or electronic information resource will depend upon [many] factors from prevailing scholarly attitudes to ease of use .

When electronic records are deposited in archives there are numerous difficulties associated with their cataloguing and documentation .
when electronic records are deposited in archives there are [many] difficulties associated with their cataloguing and documentation .

Electronic records may only be proto-records because they require numerous mechanisms to make them accessible .
electronic records may only be proto-records because they require [many] mechanisms to make them accessible .

Information Services functions ( including records managers , librarians , information scientists , archivists and others ) have , in many organisations , been re-organised in and out of numerous different departments .
information services functions ( including records managers , librarians , information scientists , archivists and others ) have , in many organisations , been re-organised in and out of [many] different departments .

Yet many members of our community come and visit us and walk through any one of numerous doors — for almost all our functions have a public face ;
yet many members of our community come and visit us and walk through any one of [many] doors — for almost all our functions have a public face ;

There are numerous examples too of the more general training that might be offered by humanities computing departments .
there are [many] examples too of the more general training that might be offered by humanities computing departments .

There was a manual for each hardware component and software product , the total running to perhaps a hundred linear feet , not including the numerous multiple editions of manuals .
there was a manual for each hardware component and software product , the total running to perhaps a hundred linear feet , not including the [many] multiple editions of manuals .

Economically it might be simpler if there was no peasantry , but was not its sturdy conservatism a guarantee of social stability , as its sturdy and numerous progeny were the backbone of most government 's armies ?
economically it might be simpler if there was no peasantry , but was not its sturdy conservatism a guarantee of social stability , as its sturdy and [many] progeny were the backbone of most government 's armies ?

Its entrepreneurs ranged the globe and with them went the cadre of ( mostly British and Irish ) foremen , skilled workers and elite labour ; sometimes settling down in some foreign country for good , their children becoming the Anglo-Argentines of the next generation , sometimes moving from country to country like the much less numerous oilmen of our days .
its entrepreneurs ranged the globe and with them went the cadre of ( mostly british and irish ) foremen , skilled workers and elite labour ; sometimes settling down in some foreign country for good , their children becoming the anglo-argentines of the next generation , sometimes moving from country to country like the much less [many] oilmen of our days .

The numerous International Expositions ( see chapter 2 above ) each brought its army of sightseers and the rebuilding of capital cities encouraged provincials to sample their wonders .
the [many] international expositions ( see chapter 2 above ) each brought its army of sightseers and the rebuilding of capital cities encouraged provincials to sample their wonders .

‘ Clothes make man ’ said the German proverb , and no age was more aware of it than one in which social mobility could actually place numerous people into the historically novel situation of playing new ( and superior ) social roles and therefore having to wear the appropriate costumes .
‘ clothes make man ’ said the german proverb , and no age was more aware of it than one in which social mobility could actually place [many] people into the historically novel situation of playing new ( and superior ) social roles and therefore having to wear the appropriate costumes .

However , sociology , a term invented by Auguste Comte in 1839 and popularised by Herbert Spencer ( who wrote a premature book on the principles of this as of numerous other sciences [ 1876 ] ) , was much talked about .
however , sociology , a term invented by auguste comte in 1839 and popularised by herbert spencer ( who wrote a premature book on the principles of this as of [many] other sciences [ 1876 ] ) , was much talked about .

But mere geographical distribution can not sufficiently bring out what was increasingly the dominant fact about the academic life of our period , namely the hegemony of the Germans , backed as it was by the numerous universities using their language ( which included those in most of Switzerland , most of the Habsburg Empire and the Baltic regions of Russia ) , and by the powerful attraction exercised by German culture in Scandinavia , eastern and south-eastern Europe .
but mere geographical distribution can not sufficiently bring out what was increasingly the dominant fact about the academic life of our period , namely the hegemony of the germans , backed as it was by the [many] universities using their language ( which included those in most of switzerland , most of the habsburg empire and the baltic regions of russia ) , and by the powerful attraction exercised by german culture in scandinavia , eastern and south-eastern europe .

This is not to be encouraged , particularly if it turns out that only some of numerous partners have actually signed the paper .
this is not to be encouraged , particularly if it turns out that only some of [many] partners have actually signed the paper .

The impact of these , increasingly numerous , regulations upon the partnership as a legal entity and upon the partnership agreement itself is limited , though where relevant is noted throughout this book .
the impact of these , increasingly [many] , regulations upon the partnership as a legal entity and upon the partnership agreement itself is limited , though where relevant is noted throughout this book .

Where the partners of a firm are numerous , frequent meetings of the full body become impracticable .
where the partners of a firm are [many] , frequent meetings of the full body become impracticable .

Some valuers , such as district valuers , operate by statute , and numerous dispute resolvers , such as the Insurance Ombudsman , have recently been established by statute .
some valuers , such as district valuers , operate by statute , and [many] dispute resolvers , such as the insurance ombudsman , have recently been established by statute .

Venture capitalists examine numerous opportunities , assessing whether or not they have the potential for successful buy-outs .
venture capitalists examine [many] opportunities , assessing whether or not they have the potential for successful buy-outs .

There are numerous anti-avoidance provisions to ensure that this new relief is tightly controlled .
there are [many] anti-avoidance provisions to ensure that this new relief is tightly controlled .

It is a guide for practitioners and does not attempt to expound academic points which are better dealt with by numerous text books .
it is a guide for practitioners and does not attempt to expound academic points which are better dealt with by [many] text books .

There are numerous complications that need to be addressed if an earlier transfer date is to deemed to apply and the complications will outweigh the advantages unless there are exceptional circumstances .
there are [many] complications that need to be addressed if an earlier transfer date is to deemed to apply and the complications will outweigh the advantages unless there are exceptional circumstances .

For example , if the business is heavily dependent on numerous long-term contracts , a purchaser may decide to investigate the contracts equating to a specified percentage of the turnover of the business plus one or two minor contracts .
for example , if the business is heavily dependent on [many] long-term contracts , a purchaser may decide to investigate the contracts equating to a specified percentage of the turnover of the business plus one or two minor contracts .

Over the last 40 years of communist rule , numerous research studies have been conducted into the feasibility of the dam , first proposed by Mao Tse-Tung 70 years ago , but no decision made .
over the last 40 years of communist rule , [many] research studies have been conducted into the feasibility of the dam , first proposed by mao tse-tung 70 years ago , but no decision made .

Controversy continued , however , during February , with numerous small failures delaying the reactor coming onstream .
controversy continued , however , during february , with [many] small failures delaying the reactor coming onstream .

According to a spokesman from the Thai section of the Earth Island Institute , the growing use of such unsustainable fishing practices in Cambodia is disrupting the main spawning grounds of numerous fish species , and thus threatening the ecosystem of the Mekong Basin as a whole .
according to a spokesman from the thai section of the earth island institute , the growing use of such unsustainable fishing practices in cambodia is disrupting the main spawning grounds of [many] fish species , and thus threatening the ecosystem of the mekong basin as a whole .

Numerous environmental campaigners have alleged that Fisons 's peat-cutting operations are causing irreparable damage to the fragile habitat of lowland peat-bogs .
[many] environmental campaigners have alleged that fisons 's peat-cutting operations are causing irreparable damage to the fragile habitat of lowland peat-bogs .

Opponents of the scheme fear that , as well as damaging the wildlife which depends on the llanos , including numerous birds and freshwater dolphins , the scheme would open up the forests of the south to mining , logging and settlement .
opponents of the scheme fear that , as well as damaging the wildlife which depends on the llanos , including [many] birds and freshwater dolphins , the scheme would open up the forests of the south to mining , logging and settlement .

Some 381 animal species , 81 species of bird , and numerous species of plants were registered as endangered in 1992 alone .
some 381 animal species , 81 species of bird , and [many] species of plants were registered as endangered in 1992 alone .

Environmentalists contend that the effects on the fragile forest habitat could be disastrous , with numerous rare species of plants and amphibians unique to the area being pushed close to extinction .
environmentalists contend that the effects on the fragile forest habitat could be disastrous , with [many] rare species of plants and amphibians unique to the area being pushed close to extinction .

It is now clear that numerous public investments , often supported by development agencies including the World Bank , have caused damage by failing to take environmental considerations into account or to judge the magnitude of the impacts `` , the report says , citing some large dam projects as particularly damaging . ``
it is now clear that [many] public investments , often supported by development agencies including the world bank , have caused damage by failing to take environmental considerations into account or to judge the magnitude of the impacts `` , the report says , citing some large dam projects as particularly damaging . ``

The allocation of structural funds in southern Europe has been criticized on numerous occasions as causing environmental damage [ see EDs 56 ; 70 ] .
the allocation of structural funds in southern europe has been criticized on [many] occasions as causing environmental damage [ see eds 56 ; 70 ] .

It meant numerous small classes of girls at different states of progress .
it meant [many] small classes of girls at different states of progress .

Well , as a matter of fact , numerous species of bats do produce cries that sweep down , usually through about an octave , during each cry .
well , as a matter of fact , [many] species of bats do produce cries that sweep down , usually through about an octave , during each cry .

Darwin wrote ( in The Origin of Species ) : If it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed which could not possibly have been formed by numerous successive slight modifications , my theory would absolutely break down .
darwin wrote ( in the origin of species ) : if it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed which could not possibly have been formed by [many] successive slight modifications , my theory would absolutely break down .

One hundred and twenty five years on , we know a lot more about animals and plants than Darwin did , and still not a single case is known to me of a complex organ that could not have been formed by numerous successive slight modifications .
one hundred and twenty five years on , we know a lot more about animals and plants than darwin did , and still not a single case is known to me of a complex organ that could not have been formed by [many] successive slight modifications .

It is all the more striking a testimony to the power of natural selection , therefore , that numerous examples can be found in real nature , in which independent lines of evolution appear to have converged , from very different starting points , on what looks very like the same endpoint .
it is all the more striking a testimony to the power of natural selection , therefore , that [many] examples can be found in real nature , in which independent lines of evolution appear to have converged , from very different starting points , on what looks very like the same endpoint .

The different lines of evolution betray their independent origins in numerous points of detail .
the different lines of evolution betray their independent origins in [many] points of detail .

Australia , South America and the Old World offer numerous further examples of multiple convergent evolution .
australia , south america and the old world offer [many] further examples of multiple convergent evolution .

Over the years numerous government directives have gradually eroded the community element until we became what was essentially a Government Training Centre — except that our staff were paid about £2,000 per year less than staff in GTCs .
over the years [many] government directives have gradually eroded the community element until we became what was essentially a government training centre — except that our staff were paid about £2,000 per year less than staff in gtcs .

Laugharne retains the quaint atmosphere and street scenes which have attracted numerous writers over the years and has special ‘ town scheme ’ status within Wales and stringent conservation measures are in force .
laugharne retains the quaint atmosphere and street scenes which have attracted [many] writers over the years and has special ‘ town scheme ’ status within wales and stringent conservation measures are in force .

( Our word derives from the French jonches or rushes , one of the numerous old French names for freshly made milk cheese drained in rushes or a rush basket . )
( our word derives from the french jonches or rushes , one of the [many] old french names for freshly made milk cheese drained in rushes or a rush basket . )

Adding that a splendid show of numerous varieties of outdoor tomatoes at the Crystal Palace had recently caused some stir among market gardeners , Miss Buckland remarks that while awaiting cheaper and more plentiful fresh tomatoes `` the tinned tomatoes from America and France answer fairly well for cooking purposes `` .
adding that a splendid show of [many] varieties of outdoor tomatoes at the crystal palace had recently caused some stir among market gardeners , miss buckland remarks that while awaiting cheaper and more plentiful fresh tomatoes `` the tinned tomatoes from america and france answer fairly well for cooking purposes `` .

During a recent study in tropical America , stingless bees of one particular species were observed on numerous occasions foraging en masse ‘ on dead animals including snakes , lizards and in one instance a large oligochaete worm .
during a recent study in tropical america , stingless bees of one particular species were observed on [many] occasions foraging en masse ‘ on dead animals including snakes , lizards and in one instance a large oligochaete worm .

On a local or regional scale , such events can pose serious threats to human health — there have been numerous deaths resulting from the consumption of seafood containing algal toxins .
on a local or regional scale , such events can pose serious threats to human health — there have been [many] deaths resulting from the consumption of seafood containing algal toxins .

Stories of cosmic and of human creation , either separately or as unities , are numerous , and many have several points in common @ pre-existent deity ; creation by divine command ; man the ultimate creature ; man formed from the earth as a pot is made ; man in some way a reflection of deity .
stories of cosmic and of human creation , either separately or as unities , are [many] , and many have several points in common @ pre-existent deity ; creation by divine command ; man the ultimate creature ; man formed from the earth as a pot is made ; man in some way a reflection of deity .

The Genesis flood story has a recognizable background in Mesopotamia , and the numerous similarities suggest it is a record of the same event as the Babylonian .
the genesis flood story has a recognizable background in mesopotamia , and the [many] similarities suggest it is a record of the same event as the babylonian .

By studying numerous manuscripts , textual critics have been able to work out a set of principles which can be applied to many different sorts of document .
by studying [many] manuscripts , textual critics have been able to work out a set of principles which can be applied to many different sorts of document .

And other passages imply that the Canaanites were more numerous than the Israelites ( Deuteronomy 7:7 , 17 , 22 ) .
and other passages imply that the canaanites were more [many] than the israelites ( deuteronomy 7:7 , 17 , 22 ) .

The trouble was this : although the native dispenser had applied Dr Dunstaple 's treatments on numerous occasions under his direction , he was overcome by stage-fright at the prospect of applying them to the Doctor Sahib himself .
the trouble was this : although the native dispenser had applied dr dunstaple 's treatments on [many] occasions under his direction , he was overcome by stage-fright at the prospect of applying them to the doctor sahib himself .

By the mid-twelfth century pilgrims were sufficiently numerous to merit a guidebook .
by the mid-twelfth century pilgrims were sufficiently [many] to merit a guidebook .

Richard struggled stubbornly on , but the effective end of the civil war came on 13 July when William the Lion , King of Scots , was captured at Alnwick , just one day after as numerous chroniclers pointed out — Henry had done public penance for those hasty words which had led to Becket 's murder .
richard struggled stubbornly on , but the effective end of the civil war came on 13 july when william the lion , king of scots , was captured at alnwick , just one day after as [many] chroniclers pointed out — henry had done public penance for those hasty words which had led to becket 's murder .

The astonishment is that , in the face of these adverse odds , the fossils that have been collected are so numerous and the record they provide so detailed and coherent .
the astonishment is that , in the face of these adverse odds , the fossils that have been collected are so [many] and the record they provide so detailed and coherent .

There are about 160 species of caecilians known and about 300 species of urodeles , but by far the most numerous amphibians alive today belong to a third group , the anurans , `` tail-less ones `` .
there are about 160 species of caecilians known and about 300 species of urodeles , but by far the most [many] amphibians alive today belong to a third group , the anurans , `` tail-less ones `` .

The foregoing samples show that the representation of dialogue in written narrative can give rise to linguistic complexities of numerous kinds .
the foregoing samples show that the representation of dialogue in written narrative can give rise to linguistic complexities of [many] kinds .

The Arcade , a new hotel located in the Heart of the City in Birmingham 's colourful China Town , close to numerous restaurants and the Hippodrome Theatre , home of The Birmingham Royal Ballet .
the arcade , a new hotel located in the heart of the city in birmingham 's colourful china town , close to [many] restaurants and the hippodrome theatre , home of the birmingham royal ballet .

Why not make a visit to the International Motor Show , the British International Antiques Fair , or any of the numerous public exhibitions covering everything from photography to holidays and travel , and classic cars to boats and caravans .
why not make a visit to the international motor show , the british international antiques fair , or any of the [many] public exhibitions covering everything from photography to holidays and travel , and classic cars to boats and caravans .

The multiplicity of nations in Europe means that in some spheres — such as research and development expenditure and government subsidy — a large total expenditure may be fragmented across numerous economies and many ‘ champion ’ companies .
the multiplicity of nations in europe means that in some spheres — such as research and development expenditure and government subsidy — a large total expenditure may be fragmented across [many] economies and many ‘ champion ’ companies .

By then he had become an outspoken critic of the numerous dictators in Africa , especially his father .
by then he had become an outspoken critic of the [many] dictators in africa , especially his father .

Grandiose redevelopment programmes of redundant docks around the country have resulted in the demolition of numerous old warehouses .
grandiose redevelopment programmes of redundant docks around the country have resulted in the demolition of [many] old warehouses .

Specifically , it was to be suggested that he should embark upon an immediate programme of visits to all parts of Vietnam making numerous speeches and public appearances in the process .
specifically , it was to be suggested that he should embark upon an immediate programme of visits to all parts of vietnam making [many] speeches and public appearances in the process .

Secondly , its direct effect on sexual activity is such that a man may obtain an erection ( or a woman may become `` prepared `` for sexual intercourse by dilation of the vagina , protrusion of the clitoris and the other numerous changes which make coitus comfortable and pleasant ) with no physical stimulation at all ; simply by action from the brain — seeing and being close to an attractive member of the opposite sex , looking at pornographic material or simply by fantasy or `` thinking about it `` .
secondly , its direct effect on sexual activity is such that a man may obtain an erection ( or a woman may become `` prepared `` for sexual intercourse by dilation of the vagina , protrusion of the clitoris and the other [many] changes which make coitus comfortable and pleasant ) with no physical stimulation at all ; simply by action from the brain — seeing and being close to an attractive member of the opposite sex , looking at pornographic material or simply by fantasy or `` thinking about it `` .

Theories of child development are numerous .
theories of child development are [many] .

Apart from the numerous psycho-sexual problems which afflict humanity , the man may see himself and be regarded by society as having reached a stage of decline ; dissatisfaction with career may culminate in the forties with the realisation that he has reached the end of progress in this respect ; and so on .
apart from the [many] psycho-sexual problems which afflict humanity , the man may see himself and be regarded by society as having reached a stage of decline ; dissatisfaction with career may culminate in the forties with the realisation that he has reached the end of progress in this respect ; and so on .

Our first observation must be that to a gratifying extent the numerous anomalies in constituency results cancel themselves out when these are aggregated to give national totals of votes received and seats won by each party .
our first observation must be that to a gratifying extent the [many] anomalies in constituency results cancel themselves out when these are aggregated to give national totals of votes received and seats won by each party .

Considering how widely they would be dispersed throughout an extensive electoral region , would they all the same be knowledgeable enough to express judicious preferences among the numerous names put forward ?
considering how widely they would be dispersed throughout an extensive electoral region , would they all the same be knowledgeable enough to express judicious preferences among the [many] names put forward ?

For larger systems the bundles of energy were too numerous to be countable .
for larger systems the bundles of energy were too [many] to be countable .

The Kimbell 's hefty endowment freed Pillsbury from the chore of fundraising and enabled him to mount several important scholarly exhibitions that might not have found successful venues elsewhere ( such as the Jacopo Bassano exhibition , scheduled for January-April 1993 ) and which still attracted numerous art lovers to Fort Worth .
the kimbell 's hefty endowment freed pillsbury from the chore of fundraising and enabled him to mount several important scholarly exhibitions that might not have found successful venues elsewhere ( such as the jacopo bassano exhibition , scheduled for january-april 1993 ) and which still attracted [many] art lovers to fort worth .

Other objects on show will include a late sixteenth-century marriage casket inlaid with numerous panels of staghorn depicting a marriage celebration and other classical motifs , including eight copper-gilt engravers ' plates , each engraved with a Virtue .
other objects on show will include a late sixteenth-century marriage casket inlaid with [many] panels of staghorn depicting a marriage celebration and other classical motifs , including eight copper-gilt engravers ' plates , each engraved with a virtue .

Each one of the numerous NGOs which use alternative media have access to the newsletter Cross Over , published quarterly by the Caribbean Institute of Mass Communication .
each one of the [many] ngos which use alternative media have access to the newsletter cross over , published quarterly by the caribbean institute of mass communication .

Throughout the match their numerous lbw and caught-behind appeals had been frenzied and desperate , their reactions to the refusal of all bar five of them being melodramatic in the extreme .
throughout the match their [many] lbw and caught-behind appeals had been frenzied and desperate , their reactions to the refusal of all bar five of them being melodramatic in the extreme .

He reveals the character of Constantius , his cruelty , his instant acceptance of any vague suspicion whispered by his numerous spies and court sycophants .
he reveals the character of constantius , his cruelty , his instant acceptance of any vague suspicion whispered by his [many] spies and court sycophants .

Finally , it might be impossible to decide whether Joanna should play in a particular position on the football field without knowing where other players are going to be : the permutations are numerous and interdependent .
finally , it might be impossible to decide whether joanna should play in a particular position on the football field without knowing where other players are going to be : the permutations are [many] and interdependent .

George Izenour Roofed Theatres of Classical Antiquity ( Yale University Press , London and New Haven , 1992 ) 234 pp. numerous figs. and b/w ills . £65 , $125
george izenour roofed theatres of classical antiquity ( yale university press , london and new haven , 1992 ) 234 pp. [many] figs. and b/w ills . £65 , $125

As Amina Okada , the author of this book points out , there have been numerous publications on Mughal art but none that have concentrated on the individual artists .
as amina okada , the author of this book points out , there have been [many] publications on mughal art but none that have concentrated on the individual artists .

Firstly , the growth of corporate enterprise falsified the theory that in any given industry there were numerous small firms so that each firm had no market power but was obliged to accept the market price for its products .
firstly , the growth of corporate enterprise falsified the theory that in any given industry there were [many] small firms so that each firm had no market power but was obliged to accept the market price for its products .

The company facilitated the aggregation of vast sums of capital from numerous small investors and this together with changes in technology and organizational techniques led to a vast expansion in the size of the firm and a reduction in the number of firms operating in any particular industry .
the company facilitated the aggregation of vast sums of capital from [many] small investors and this together with changes in technology and organizational techniques led to a vast expansion in the size of the firm and a reduction in the number of firms operating in any particular industry .

The first reason why the market could no longer be perceived as limiting economic power was that the structure of the market ceased to correspond even loosely with the model of perfect competition which required numerous firms operating in the same industry so that no firm was capable of affecting the price of its product by varying the level of the output of that product .
the first reason why the market could no longer be perceived as limiting economic power was that the structure of the market ceased to correspond even loosely with the model of perfect competition which required [many] firms operating in the same industry so that no firm was capable of affecting the price of its product by varying the level of the output of that product .

For never have the ever more numerous museums been so crowded , exhibitions so well attended , art books so glossy , the so-called specialist periodicals so erudite , and historic buildings so well ‘ protected ’ against decay and destruction of all kinds ( although in many cases one might well ask whether there is not some confusion and contradiction between protection and son ) .
for never have the ever more [many] museums been so crowded , exhibitions so well attended , art books so glossy , the so-called specialist periodicals so erudite , and historic buildings so well ‘ protected ’ against decay and destruction of all kinds ( although in many cases one might well ask whether there is not some confusion and contradiction between protection and son ) .

There were numerous abrasions and paint losses especially along the edges , and certain areas , for example the backgrounds , had been heavily overpainted .
there were [many] abrasions and paint losses especially along the edges , and certain areas , for example the backgrounds , had been heavily overpainted .

Exhibiting a Francophile collecting taste not uncommon among Latin America 's rich Wildenstein 's presence in Buenos Aires and the numerous interiors designed by the House of Jansen in Havana bear witness Simon Patiño commissioned an extensive silver dinner service from Chaumet to commemorate the twenty-first birthday of his son and heir , Antenor .
exhibiting a francophile collecting taste not uncommon among latin america 's rich wildenstein 's presence in buenos aires and the [many] interiors designed by the house of jansen in havana bear witness simon patiño commissioned an extensive silver dinner service from chaumet to commemorate the twenty-first birthday of his son and heir , antenor .

The officials of the Institute have been heavily criticised by the administration of Sarajevo for not having stored the contents , which included numerous oriental manuscripts and material on microfilm , much of it unresearched .
the officials of the institute have been heavily criticised by the administration of sarajevo for not having stored the contents , which included [many] oriental manuscripts and material on microfilm , much of it unresearched .

Although partly looted , it still contained nine skeletons and numerous previously unknown examples of painted cloth carefully pasted over gilded sheet metal up to 2.5 x 1.5 m in size .
although partly looted , it still contained nine skeletons and [many] previously unknown examples of painted cloth carefully pasted over gilded sheet metal up to 2.5 x 1.5 m in size .

The exhibition commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of Blumenthal 's death includes fifty-two reliefs and sculptures executed between 1927 and 1940 and numerous drawings and sketches ( from 8 October until 18 November ) .
the exhibition commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of blumenthal 's death includes fifty-two reliefs and sculptures executed between 1927 and 1940 and [many] drawings and sketches ( from 8 october until 18 november ) .

Among the apothecary wares are numerous ointment pots and drug jars , the most important of which is a polychrome drug jar bearing the arms of the Apothecaries Society ( est .
among the apothecary wares are [many] ointment pots and drug jars , the most important of which is a polychrome drug jar bearing the arms of the apothecaries society ( est .

Numerous studies have shown than most young smokers are influenced by their friends ' and older siblings ' smoking habits .
[many] studies have shown than most young smokers are influenced by their friends ' and older siblings ' smoking habits .

The following structured programme has been designed , modified and run by the authors on numerous occasions over the last five years .
the following structured programme has been designed , modified and run by the authors on [many] occasions over the last five years .

In what can only be described as a pampered career , James was given considerable financial support by the library who funded his PhD , housed him and his family , and allowed him to receive numerous outside grants and sponsorships to fund extensive foreign travel .
in what can only be described as a pampered career , james was given considerable financial support by the library who funded his phd , housed him and his family , and allowed him to receive [many] outside grants and sponsorships to fund extensive foreign travel .

The combination of movement in the brick core , ingress of moisture and the corrosion of iron cramps has produced numerous cracks in the marble skin which have further weakened the structure .
the combination of movement in the brick core , ingress of moisture and the corrosion of iron cramps has produced [many] cracks in the marble skin which have further weakened the structure .

There will be numerous less expensive pieces for collectors , including the plainer wheel-locks , and also an intriguing group of guns by little known local makers , retained as Court gunsmiths by the family well into the nineteenth century ( est. ranging from £500–15,000 ) .
there will be [many] less expensive pieces for collectors , including the plainer wheel-locks , and also an intriguing group of guns by little known local makers , retained as court gunsmiths by the family well into the nineteenth century ( est. ranging from £500–15,000 ) .

It was a source of great prestige to have one 's portrait painted while sitting on , or standing near an Anatolian rug , and numerous examples of this can be seen in the pictures of Simone Martini and other artists of the period .
it was a source of great prestige to have one 's portrait painted while sitting on , or standing near an anatolian rug , and [many] examples of this can be seen in the pictures of simone martini and other artists of the period .

As a foundation material it has numerous advantages : it is strong , does not lose its shape and can be spun into strands sufficiently thin to allow fine weaving .
as a foundation material it has [many] advantages : it is strong , does not lose its shape and can be spun into strands sufficiently thin to allow fine weaving .

The presence of minority groupings of Shiites in Turkey and Afghanistan , and pockets of Turkish-speaking Sunnites in Persia and the Caucasus ( not to mention the ubiquitous Christian Armenians and nomadic tribesmen scattered throughout the region ) ensure that there are numerous exceptions to the rule .
the presence of minority groupings of shiites in turkey and afghanistan , and pockets of turkish-speaking sunnites in persia and the caucasus ( not to mention the ubiquitous christian armenians and nomadic tribesmen scattered throughout the region ) ensure that there are [many] exceptions to the rule .

It consists of numerous off-set rows of tiny botehs arranged to create the illusion of symmetrically fallen leaves .
it consists of [many] off-set rows of tiny botehs arranged to create the illusion of symmetrically fallen leaves .

Although there are numerous interpretations of the basic herati form , it is usually employed in either an allover or medallion-and-corner format .
although there are [many] interpretations of the basic herati form , it is usually employed in either an allover or medallion-and-corner format .

Herati-design rugs are made by numerous workshop , village and nomadic groups throughout Persia , but are most closely associated with those from Khorassan , Kurdistan , Ferahan , Hamadan and Tabriz .
herati-design rugs are made by [many] workshop , village and nomadic groups throughout persia , but are most closely associated with those from khorassan , kurdistan , ferahan , hamadan and tabriz .

In addition to the Pahlavi rugs , Persia produces workshop items in styles that have evolved from those made during the Qajar dynasty ( which ended in the 19th century ) , and there are also numerous village and nomadic groups who , allowing for some minor modifications to the market , still make rugs that have hardly changed for generations .
in addition to the pahlavi rugs , persia produces workshop items in styles that have evolved from those made during the qajar dynasty ( which ended in the 19th century ) , and there are also [many] village and nomadic groups who , allowing for some minor modifications to the market , still make rugs that have hardly changed for generations .

Even then , there are numerous examples to choose as illustrations of regulated industries : the postal service , electricity distribution , taxi services , opticians , asbestos manufacturing .
even then , there are [many] examples to choose as illustrations of regulated industries : the postal service , electricity distribution , taxi services , opticians , asbestos manufacturing .

For example , in British Rail 's 1984/5 Annual Report , numerous performance indicators are illustrated , mostly demonstrating improved performance , but performance against target is seldom mentioned , and only two international comparisons are given .
for example , in british rail 's 1984/5 annual report , [many] performance indicators are illustrated , mostly demonstrating improved performance , but performance against target is seldom mentioned , and only two international comparisons are given .

Despite numerous offers to return to Grand Prix racing , including a staggering £1 million from the Brabham team in 1981 , Stewart never returned to the sport .
despite [many] offers to return to grand prix racing , including a staggering £1 million from the brabham team in 1981 , stewart never returned to the sport .

In addition , there are numerous textual resources around the world that are only available in their original ( paper ) form .
in addition , there are [many] textual resources around the world that are only available in their original ( paper ) form .

However , if collocations like ’ weak tea ’ and ’ powerful car ’ are so numerous as to evade any method of acquisition other than years of learning , how then should a machine-readable collocation dictionary be compiled ?
however , if collocations like ’ weak tea ’ and ’ powerful car ’ are so [many] as to evade any method of acquisition other than years of learning , how then should a machine-readable collocation dictionary be compiled ?

Richard Hansard , for instance , was made constable of Durham castle , while the commission Dudley appointed to survey his land included numerous ducal associates , among them Sir William Parr , Thomas Witham and Thomas Metcalfe .
richard hansard , for instance , was made constable of durham castle , while the commission dudley appointed to survey his land included [many] ducal associates , among them sir william parr , thomas witham and thomas metcalfe .

The Metcalfes of Nappa near Askrigg in Wensleydale were members of the Middleham connection , holding numerous offices within the lordship .
the metcalfes of nappa near askrigg in wensleydale were members of the middleham connection , holding [many] offices within the lordship .

However , this was a commonplace in Wales and the fact that Tyrell received numerous grants from local landowners anxious to have his good will implies that he at least was a force to be reckoned with .
however , this was a commonplace in wales and the fact that tyrell received [many] grants from local landowners anxious to have his good will implies that he at least was a force to be reckoned with .

Moreover , so successful were the numerous methods for delaying marriage ( the mean age of which , by the early twentieth century was higher than at any other time in British history , 27 for men and 25 for women ) , that for the typical Edwardian the gap between leaving school and the full independence of marriage was twice as long as it is today .
moreover , so successful were the [many] methods for delaying marriage ( the mean age of which , by the early twentieth century was higher than at any other time in british history , 27 for men and 25 for women ) , that for the typical edwardian the gap between leaving school and the full independence of marriage was twice as long as it is today .

Roman Catholic charity and the work of priests and nuns provided similar services for the large poor Irish communities which were especially numerous in parts of London , Liverpool , Manchester and Glasgow .
roman catholic charity and the work of priests and nuns provided similar services for the large poor irish communities which were especially [many] in parts of london , liverpool , manchester and glasgow .

But their importance was overlaid by the less formal and increasingly numerous letters of the type found in the state papers , the Privy Council 's register , and private collections : letters that conveyed information , advice , admonition , and informal orders ; documents that were not bound by the rigid formularies of legal requirement .
but their importance was overlaid by the less formal and increasingly [many] letters of the type found in the state papers , the privy council 's register , and private collections : letters that conveyed information , advice , admonition , and informal orders ; documents that were not bound by the rigid formularies of legal requirement .

India has many expressions of culture in its numerous festivals and celebrations .
india has many expressions of culture in its [many] festivals and celebrations .

Extremely comfortable rooms and excellent service complement the numerous restaurants serving continental and Chinese cuisine .
extremely comfortable rooms and excellent service complement the [many] restaurants serving continental and chinese cuisine .

There are numerous difficulties in making an historical study which depends entirely on written evidence , which may not represent the experience of the mass of children , and is at best a distillation of the views of the literate classes .
there are [many] difficulties in making an historical study which depends entirely on written evidence , which may not represent the experience of the mass of children , and is at best a distillation of the views of the literate classes .

Nevertheless , no one can read through the hundreds of advertisements in the provincial press for private schools , or the numerous handbooks on the care and education of children , or the occasional prospectuses of academies that have survived , without realizing that the emphasis on education had changed .
nevertheless , no one can read through the hundreds of advertisements in the provincial press for private schools , or the [many] handbooks on the care and education of children , or the occasional prospectuses of academies that have survived , without realizing that the emphasis on education had changed .

Through moving in the forests and jungles with his father the boy learns about numerous wild fruits and flowers , and comes to know those which are poisonous and those which are edible .
through moving in the forests and jungles with his father the boy learns about [many] wild fruits and flowers , and comes to know those which are poisonous and those which are edible .

Numerous studies have found that patients who are given adequate information by doctors , nurses and midwives are both more satisfied with their medical care and more compliant .
[many] studies have found that patients who are given adequate information by doctors , nurses and midwives are both more satisfied with their medical care and more compliant .

Within each caste there existed numerous subdivisions , which allotted members a ranking vis-à-vis each other .
within each caste there existed [many] subdivisions , which allotted members a ranking vis-à-vis each other .

This group , which included what are known as rural or quasi-samurai , was particularly numerous in a few important domains , such as Satsuma and Chóshú .
this group , which included what are known as rural or quasi-samurai , was particularly [many] in a few important domains , such as satsuma and chóshú .

While the rich could flaunt their wealth the numerous urban poor lived in a state of penury .
while the rich could flaunt their wealth the [many] urban poor lived in a state of penury .

Numerous reasons possessing varying degrees of persuasiveness are advanced .
[many] reasons possessing varying degrees of persuasiveness are advanced .

For those businesses , such as retailing , where the proportion is high , it is often more cost effective for cash to be transported direct to our Cash Centres around the country to deal with the cash requirements of numerous business customers , including many major high street retailers .
for those businesses , such as retailing , where the proportion is high , it is often more cost effective for cash to be transported direct to our cash centres around the country to deal with the cash requirements of [many] business customers , including many major high street retailers .

It is a cost effective and secure method of obtaining guaranteed payment , simplifies numerous back office procedures including reconciliation , and can enhance customer service levels by reducing paperwork and increasing throughput speed at point of sale .
it is a cost effective and secure method of obtaining guaranteed payment , simplifies [many] back office procedures including reconciliation , and can enhance customer service levels by reducing paperwork and increasing throughput speed at point of sale .

It was an old farm building with numerous rooms with empty window sockets and a leaking roof ; the floors were stone and the plaster was peeling off the walls everywhere .
it was an old farm building with [many] rooms with empty window sockets and a leaking roof ; the floors were stone and the plaster was peeling off the walls everywhere .

Mersenne argued that , because the structure of the solar system is only one of infinitely numerous possibilities ( and therefore ultimately dependent on the choice of the deity ) , it would be wrong to cherish a preconceived pattern .
mersenne argued that , because the structure of the solar system is only one of infinitely [many] possibilities ( and therefore ultimately dependent on the choice of the deity ) , it would be wrong to cherish a preconceived pattern .

In 1600 , the renegade monk Giordano Bruno was burned at the stake for numerous heresies , including the proposition that the universe is infinite and that it contains an infinite number of worlds .
in 1600 , the renegade monk giordano bruno was burned at the stake for [many] heresies , including the proposition that the universe is infinite and that it contains an infinite number of worlds .

On the contrary , there were numerous indirect effects of the rupture within Christendom that are vital to an understanding of Galileo 's predicament .
on the contrary , there were [many] indirect effects of the rupture within christendom that are vital to an understanding of galileo 's predicament .

The very existence of a bill , invariably with a broad scope , attracts numerous proposals for amendments and additions .
the very existence of a bill , invariably with a broad scope , attracts [many] proposals for amendments and additions .

Thomas Tusser , Essex poet , writing in 1557 could confidently assert that the Ancient Countryside contained hedges , so numerous as to be an important source of fuel , a vital component of mediaeval life .
thomas tusser , essex poet , writing in 1557 could confidently assert that the ancient countryside contained hedges , so [many] as to be an important source of fuel , a vital component of mediaeval life .

This is presumably the first in a series of large format paperbacks , with a fairly substantial text giving a concise summary of campaign history backed up by numerous black and white photographs from government sources ; and pages of coloured artwork mostly devoted to uniformed figures , with a few showing aircraft , armour and artillery .
this is presumably the first in a series of large format paperbacks , with a fairly substantial text giving a concise summary of campaign history backed up by [many] black and white photographs from government sources ; and pages of coloured artwork mostly devoted to uniformed figures , with a few showing aircraft , armour and artillery .

Authorities have had to deal with two major changes in local government finance , the Children Act , the community care reforms , three pieces of housing legislation , restrictions on political activity stemming from the Widdecombe report , ‘ Clause 28 ’ ( the ban on the ‘ promotion ’ of homosexuality ) , and the numerous education reforms and moves towards compulsory competitive tendering and contracting .
authorities have had to deal with two major changes in local government finance , the children act , the community care reforms , three pieces of housing legislation , restrictions on political activity stemming from the widdecombe report , ‘ clause 28 ’ ( the ban on the ‘ promotion ’ of homosexuality ) , and the [many] education reforms and moves towards compulsory competitive tendering and contracting .

We can , at numerous points , see the clear imprint of Laski 's method and approach on the work of these lawyers .
we can , at [many] points , see the clear imprint of laski 's method and approach on the work of these lawyers .

The head porter needs to have an exceptional memory for names and faces , and be a fountain of knowledge in order to deal with the numerous enquiries of the guests .
the head porter needs to have an exceptional memory for names and faces , and be a fountain of knowledge in order to deal with the [many] enquiries of the guests .

The causes of it are numerous .
the causes of it are [many] .

It consists of a sheet for each day which has numerous analysis columns — the headings of these will depend on the requirements of the hotel .
it consists of a sheet for each day which has [many] analysis columns — the headings of these will depend on the requirements of the hotel .

There are numerous types , nearly all electronic , and these machines can perform all four basic arithmetical functions : addition , subtraction , multiplication and division .
there are [many] types , nearly all electronic , and these machines can perform all four basic arithmetical functions : addition , subtraction , multiplication and division .

There are numerous types , which are a combination of a calculating machine and typewriter .
there are [many] types , which are a combination of a calculating machine and typewriter .

Childhood insecurity : deprivations , death of parent(s) ; numerous domestic changes ( ten homes in ten years ) .
childhood insecurity : deprivations , death of parent(s) ; [many] domestic changes ( ten homes in ten years ) .

Has worked for numerous organizations ; will change to get more freedom , autonomy , creativity and direct rewards based on performance .
has worked for [many] organizations ; will change to get more freedom , autonomy , creativity and direct rewards based on performance .

Work goals are affected by numerous situational variables .
work goals are affected by [many] situational variables .

Numerous attempts have been made to improve the performance of groups .
[many] attempts have been made to improve the performance of groups .

The committee has considered the numerous recent developments and trends in the provision of health care but has felt unable to judge the likely impact of most of them .
the committee has considered the [many] recent developments and trends in the provision of health care but has felt unable to judge the likely impact of most of them .

The long hours worked by preregistration house officers , the high service commitment , and the low rating given to the educational aspects of the job have led to numerous criticisms of this part of medical education .
the long hours worked by preregistration house officers , the high service commitment , and the low rating given to the educational aspects of the job have led to [many] criticisms of this part of medical education .

Numerous labels have been attached to the political system which Ivan the Great bequeathed to Muscovy at the beginning of the sixteenth century — oriental despotism ( Plekhanov , Szamuely ) , patrimonial monarchy ( Pipes ) , estate-representative monarchy ( Cherepnin ) .
[many] labels have been attached to the political system which ivan the great bequeathed to muscovy at the beginning of the sixteenth century — oriental despotism ( plekhanov , szamuely ) , patrimonial monarchy ( pipes ) , estate-representative monarchy ( cherepnin ) .

But when endemic peasant resentment fused with numerous cross-currents of resistance , the situation could easily get out of hand .
but when endemic peasant resentment fused with [many] cross-currents of resistance , the situation could easily get out of hand .

The last decades of the century saw the flowering of numerous bizarre but intensely committed religious sects which often reflected disenchantment with both Church and State .
the last decades of the century saw the flowering of [many] bizarre but intensely committed religious sects which often reflected disenchantment with both church and state .

He continued writing numerous papers about the oral polio vaccine , with particular emphasis on vaccination problems in the Third World tropical countries , and in 1984 he published a description for ‘ Strategies of elimination of polio-myelitis virus in different parts of the world with the use of oral polio virus vaccine ’ .
he continued writing [many] papers about the oral polio vaccine , with particular emphasis on vaccination problems in the third world tropical countries , and in 1984 he published a description for ‘ strategies of elimination of polio-myelitis virus in different parts of the world with the use of oral polio virus vaccine ’ .

The rise of numerous sociétés savants is one of the most interesting aspects of this period , with their accommodation of not just professional scientists but anyone who could be induced to participate and part with the fee charged for annual membership .
the rise of [many] sociétés savants is one of the most interesting aspects of this period , with their accommodation of not just professional scientists but anyone who could be induced to participate and part with the fee charged for annual membership .

Of course there are numerous causes of lymphatic obstruction , but almost all of the patients attending my lymphoedema clinic at the Hospital for Tropical Diseases in London in the ‘ sixties had Bancroftian filariasis .
of course there are [many] causes of lymphatic obstruction , but almost all of the patients attending my lymphoedema clinic at the hospital for tropical diseases in london in the ‘ sixties had bancroftian filariasis .

Inter-company transactions in Japan are more numerous within the umbrella of federations of industrial , financial and trading companies .
inter-company transactions in japan are more [many] within the umbrella of federations of industrial , financial and trading companies .

There are numerous questions to be raised later about those women who would prefer to continue working , but this example illustrates clearly why it is important to distinguish between age per se and continuous tenure when considering wage profiles .
there are [many] questions to be raised later about those women who would prefer to continue working , but this example illustrates clearly why it is important to distinguish between age per se and continuous tenure when considering wage profiles .

The Daily Telegraph has printed numerous articles criticising the cold-calling techniques of licensed dealers , and their poor stock performances .
the daily telegraph has printed [many] articles criticising the cold-calling techniques of licensed dealers , and their poor stock performances .

Of course , money tied up in options furnished just one of numerous excuses the client used to terminate relations with his licensed dealer .
of course , money tied up in options furnished just one of [many] excuses the client used to terminate relations with his licensed dealer .

Amongst its advantages were a series of paid watchers who warned of approaching police , as well as numerous exits out into the warren of houses and warehouses that backed onto the Thames .
amongst its advantages were a series of paid watchers who warned of approaching police , as well as [many] exits out into the warren of houses and warehouses that backed onto the thames .

There were numerous gaps in the bookcase at the end of the room , and Lee wondered what had happened to Madam Lundy 's collection of books .
there were [many] gaps in the bookcase at the end of the room , and lee wondered what had happened to madam lundy 's collection of books .

Applications within pure mathematics other than those found in the text are far too numerous and diverse to mention here .
applications within pure mathematics other than those found in the text are far too [many] and diverse to mention here .

But it is equally clear that direct , participatory democracy is , if not impossible , at least not very practicable in the modern world , and is in any case a recipe for bad government : `` a community in mass is ill adapted for the business of Government … all numerous assemblies are essentially incapable of business . ``
but it is equally clear that direct , participatory democracy is , if not impossible , at least not very practicable in the modern world , and is in any case a recipe for bad government : `` a community in mass is ill adapted for the business of government … all [many] assemblies are essentially incapable of business . ``

The procuticle is usually pierced by very numerous pore-canals which run perpendicularly to its surface and are initially occupied by cytoplasmic filaments from the epidermis , though they may later become filled with cuticular material .
the procuticle is usually pierced by very [many] pore-canals which run perpendicularly to its surface and are initially occupied by cytoplasmic filaments from the epidermis , though they may later become filled with cuticular material .

( 2 ) The Epidermis forms a continuous single layer of cells , the plasma membranes of which are joined by numerous septate desmosomes .
( 2 ) the epidermis forms a continuous single layer of cells , the plasma membranes of which are joined by [many] septate desmosomes .

The ultrastructure of the cells varies with their cycles of secretory activity ( Locke , 1969b ) but they have a microvillate surface and contain numerous mitochondria , Golgi vesicles and cisternae of smooth-surfaced endoplasmic reticulum as well as cytoskeletal structures in the form of oriented microfibres and microtubules .
the ultrastructure of the cells varies with their cycles of secretory activity ( locke , 1969b ) but they have a microvillate surface and contain [many] mitochondria , golgi vesicles and cisternae of smooth-surfaced endoplasmic reticulum as well as cytoskeletal structures in the form of oriented microfibres and microtubules .

In addition to true segmental appendages numerous other outgrowths of the body-wall are found in various insects .
in addition to true segmental appendages [many] other outgrowths of the body-wall are found in various insects .

The nervous system is composed essentially of ramifying neuroglial cells with supporting and nutritive functions ( Wigglesworth , 1960 ; Smith , 1967 ) and the more numerous neurons , which are highly specialized for the relatively rapid generation and conduction of electrochemical nervous impulses ( Pipa , 1961 ; Landolt , 1965 ; Chiarodo , 1969 ; Sohal et al .
the nervous system is composed essentially of ramifying neuroglial cells with supporting and nutritive functions ( wigglesworth , 1960 ; smith , 1967 ) and the more [many] neurons , which are highly specialized for the relatively rapid generation and conduction of electrochemical nervous impulses ( pipa , 1961 ; landolt , 1965 ; chiarodo , 1969 ; sohal et al .

The danger became more numerous and terrible in the New Kingdom texts of the Book of Amduat and the Book of Gates , in which the Underworld was divided into twelve divisions , the hours of night .
the danger became more [many] and terrible in the new kingdom texts of the book of amduat and the book of gates , in which the underworld was divided into twelve divisions , the hours of night .

Guests one way , recipients another , `` said the numerous signs .
guests one way , recipients another , `` said the [many] signs .

No doubt Georgiana began picking up Spanish from our numerous visits to Majorca .
no doubt georgiana began picking up spanish from our [many] visits to majorca .

Advertising calls upon the expertise of numerous specialist companies , for example public relations consultancies , design consultants , research companies , direct marketing companies , television production companies , photographic and artwork studios , print , type and blockmaking companies .
advertising calls upon the expertise of [many] specialist companies , for example public relations consultancies , design consultants , research companies , direct marketing companies , television production companies , photographic and artwork studios , print , type and blockmaking companies .

Probably more numerous than the widowed mothers in our sample were the single daughters , living with elderly and ailing parents , usually mothers , whom they supported .
probably more [many] than the widowed mothers in our sample were the single daughters , living with elderly and ailing parents , usually mothers , whom they supported .

Potential hazards in the hospital environment are numerous .
potential hazards in the hospital environment are [many] .

At the time of the evaluation , he had numerous other teaching duties but taught five hours of library/study skills per week and was observed to visit the library on numerous occasions throughout the day .
at the time of the evaluation , he had [many] other teaching duties but taught five hours of library/study skills per week and was observed to visit the library on [many] occasions throughout the day .

There will be numerous occasions when parents will have the opportunity of meeting Compact employers .
there will be [many] occasions when parents will have the opportunity of meeting compact employers .

Nurses in training who work hard physically , study in their own time and have numerous personal commitments are under pressure .
nurses in training who work hard physically , study in their own time and have [many] personal commitments are under pressure .

More generally , there is a Ravelian fastidiousness in attending to countless details in the score , as well as dynamics , that usually pass by unnoticed ( glissandos and portamentos , numerous changes of tempo ) and an unerring ability to pinpoint important melodic lines in the busiest/noisiest sections ; for example , the pirates accented fanfare figure on trumpets in the riot of sound that concludes the ‘ Danse guerrière ’ .
more generally , there is a ravelian fastidiousness in attending to countless details in the score , as well as dynamics , that usually pass by unnoticed ( glissandos and portamentos , [many] changes of tempo ) and an unerring ability to pinpoint important melodic lines in the busiest/noisiest sections ; for example , the pirates accented fanfare figure on trumpets in the riot of sound that concludes the ‘ danse guerrière ’ .

He was indeed notorious for scheduling numerous rehearsals even for pieces he and the orchestra knew backwards , but his repertoire was wider than commonly imagined , and there is some unsuspected treasure in his discography .
he was indeed notorious for scheduling [many] rehearsals even for pieces he and the orchestra knew backwards , but his repertoire was wider than commonly imagined , and there is some unsuspected treasure in his discography .

This a treat for Reger enthusiasts ( are they numerous ? )
this a treat for reger enthusiasts ( are they [many] ? )

Other very much less drastic cuts are also made , and there are numerous changes of orchestration , one of which involves the substitution of an organ for harmonium at the end of the work .
other very much less drastic cuts are also made , and there are [many] changes of orchestration , one of which involves the substitution of an organ for harmonium at the end of the work .

Listening this last few weeks has , for once , been purely for my own pleasure and has embraced numerous ‘ bits and pieces ’ recordings both old ( in origin ) and brand new .
listening this last few weeks has , for once , been purely for my own pleasure and has embraced [many] ‘ bits and pieces ’ recordings both old ( in origin ) and brand new .

An Elisabeth Schumann obituary was contributed by Gerald Moore , who had accompanied the great soprano on numerous occasions .
an elisabeth schumann obituary was contributed by gerald moore , who had accompanied the great soprano on [many] occasions .

There are numerous responsibilities of greater or lesser significance scattered among local authorities throughout the country .
there are [many] responsibilities of greater or lesser significance scattered among local authorities throughout the country .

Second , those services which are permissive such as the provision of adult education or numerous recreational and cultural facilities .
second , those services which are permissive such as the provision of adult education or [many] recreational and cultural facilities .

These reservations notwithstanding , the internationalism of many of the films on view reiterated the numerous concerns common to all gay people everywhere .
these reservations notwithstanding , the internationalism of many of the films on view reiterated the [many] concerns common to all gay people everywhere .

Using a documentary approach and including numerous interviews with transexuals it failed to explain their motivations , choosing instead to focus solely on a description of a beleaguered subculture of poor black and hispanic gays .
using a documentary approach and including [many] interviews with transexuals it failed to explain their motivations , choosing instead to focus solely on a description of a beleaguered subculture of poor black and hispanic gays .

The line-up included numerous strong contenders .
the line-up included [many] strong contenders .

The essential point , then , is that one person 's ‘ common sense ’ is somebody else 's nonsense , and there are numerous examples of sociological and anthropological investigation questioning and exploding many common-sense notions about behaviour .
the essential point , then , is that one person 's ‘ common sense ’ is somebody else 's nonsense , and there are [many] examples of sociological and anthropological investigation questioning and exploding many common-sense notions about behaviour .

Schools in urban areas were predictably more numerous and efficacious but the gap between urban and rural areas narrowed .
schools in urban areas were predictably more [many] and efficacious but the gap between urban and rural areas narrowed .

Numerous defects were discovered in the list of organisations produced by the Americans through the inclusion of bodies not relevant to consultation or of organisations which did not exist .
[many] defects were discovered in the list of organisations produced by the americans through the inclusion of bodies not relevant to consultation or of organisations which did not exist .

Numerous pictures and photographs fill every available space .
[many] pictures and photographs fill every available space .

We have tried numerous toddler catches but they are invariably pulled off by over-enthusiastic visitors who do not understand them .
we have tried [many] toddler catches but they are invariably pulled off by over-enthusiastic visitors who do not understand them .

Futurologists love to speak of a time when the equities of numerous international corporations will be traded 24 hours a day in one electronic marketplace .
futurologists love to speak of a time when the equities of [many] international corporations will be traded 24 hours a day in one electronic marketplace .

’ By contrast , Orwell sniffed out deterioration in numerous spheres of public life including what he understood to be new forms of crime , and altered responses to crime and violence .
’ by contrast , orwell sniffed out deterioration in [many] spheres of public life including what he understood to be new forms of crime , and altered responses to crime and violence .

In factories and workshops , advances in machine technology had deskilled numerous working-class jobs , thus making it possible for employers to replace skilled men with successive relays of unskilled boys , and at lower wages .
in factories and workshops , advances in machine technology had deskilled [many] working-class jobs , thus making it possible for employers to replace skilled men with successive relays of unskilled boys , and at lower wages .

In the years leading up to the First World War the Hooligan embarked on a remarkable career , appearing in name if not in person before numerous governmental and semi-official bodies of enquiry .
in the years leading up to the first world war the hooligan embarked on a remarkable career , appearing in name if not in person before [many] governmental and semi-official bodies of enquiry .

Frowning upon influential American experiments in penal reform and ‘ the modern and far too numerous school of pseudo ‘ humanatarians ' ’ ’ , Tallack recounted in his Penological and Preventive Principles ( 1896 ) how ‘ during the last years of the Nineteenth Century there has arisen in Great Britain , also , a specially cruel class of ‘ humanitarians ’ ’ so called ' .
frowning upon influential american experiments in penal reform and ‘ the modern and far too [many] school of pseudo ‘ humanatarians ' ’ ’ , tallack recounted in his penological and preventive principles ( 1896 ) how ‘ during the last years of the nineteenth century there has arisen in great britain , also , a specially cruel class of ‘ humanitarians ’ ’ so called ' .

We also come across nervous jokes that fashionable Belgravia was to be renamed ‘ Burglaria ’ because of the frequency of house-breaking , and numerous stabs against the ineffectual reassurance of ‘ the defective police ’ , the ‘ seldom-at-Home-Secretary ’ and his ‘ not-at-Home-Department ’ .
we also come across nervous jokes that fashionable belgravia was to be renamed ‘ burglaria ’ because of the frequency of house-breaking , and [many] stabs against the ineffectual reassurance of ‘ the defective police ’ , the ‘ seldom-at-home-secretary ’ and his ‘ not-at-home-department ’ .

There are numerous examples of kings themselves leading in battle .
there are [many] examples of kings themselves leading in battle .

Competition between the numerous jewellers exhibiting at the Paris Biennale Internationale des Antiquaires in the Grand Palais from 21 September to 7 October is intense , and to attract attention some invest in spectacular stands .
competition between the [many] jewellers exhibiting at the paris biennale internationale des antiquaires in the grand palais from 21 september to 7 october is intense , and to attract attention some invest in spectacular stands .

His numerous friends received an invitation to a ‘ picnic lunch with jazz and lots of cheer ’ at Claridge 's .
his [many] friends received an invitation to a ‘ picnic lunch with jazz and lots of cheer ’ at claridge 's .

The emphasis is on personal choice and expression through clothes ; the options Lacroix provides through his collections are numerous .
the emphasis is on personal choice and expression through clothes ; the options lacroix provides through his collections are [many] .

In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries the British also did far more to develop their empire , creating a first-rate civil service , and building numerous colleges , roads , and railways .
in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries the british also did far more to develop their empire , creating a first-rate civil service , and building [many] colleges , roads , and railways .

All tips and numerous excursions are included in the fare .
all tips and [many] excursions are included in the fare .

The possible causes are numerous , ranging from nerve problems in the spine to the physical shape of the bladder itself .
the possible causes are [many] , ranging from nerve problems in the spine to the physical shape of the bladder itself .

In the years since The Brook Kerith was published , there have been numerous other fictionalised accounts of the Gospel story .
in the years since the brook kerith was published , there have been [many] other fictionalised accounts of the gospel story .

Nevertheless , there are distinct signs of improvement in the air , so numerous as to amount , in their modest way , to a form of Zeitgeist — a spirit , or current , or movement , abroad in the world .
nevertheless , there are distinct signs of improvement in the air , so [many] as to amount , in their modest way , to a form of zeitgeist — a spirit , or current , or movement , abroad in the world .

During the years of our research , numerous other publications were already in circulation , helping to create a favourable climate .
during the years of our research , [many] other publications were already in circulation , helping to create a favourable climate .

If he was thus eligible for that title , there must have been something which qualified him — something which distinguished him from the numerous other leaders , both military and political , who at the time were themselves becoming thorns in the Roman side .
if he was thus eligible for that title , there must have been something which qualified him — something which distinguished him from the [many] other leaders , both military and political , who at the time were themselves becoming thorns in the roman side .

But where did these numerous individuals stand in relation to the context of first-century Judaism ?
but where did these [many] individuals stand in relation to the context of first-century judaism ?

As this network of houses attests , the Essenes were rather more numerous than traditional accounts suggest .
as this network of houses attests , the essenes were rather more [many] than traditional accounts suggest .

And , indeed , the sheer prevalence of Essene thought in the Holy Land at the time also bears witness to a congregation more numerous than a few conclaves of ascetics sequestered in the desert .
and , indeed , the sheer prevalence of essene thought in the holy land at the time also bears witness to a congregation more [many] than a few conclaves of ascetics sequestered in the desert .

One can trace numerous specific elements in the Gospels to their origin not in history , but in the traditions surrounding Tammuz , Osiris , Attis , Adonis , Dionysos and Zoroaster .
one can trace [many] specific elements in the gospels to their origin not in history , but in the traditions surrounding tammuz , osiris , attis , adonis , dionysos and zoroaster .

His personal position almost certainly mirrors that of numerous others who gravitated from James to Paul , from a form of Judaism to the increasingly autonomous new religion subsequently called Christianity .
his personal position almost certainly mirrors that of [many] others who gravitated from james to paul , from a form of judaism to the increasingly autonomous new religion subsequently called christianity .

The ‘ adherents of the message ’ would have been considerably more numerous , constituting the ‘ rank and file ’ of the movement .
the ‘ adherents of the message ’ would have been considerably more [many] , constituting the ‘ rank and file ’ of the movement .

The borough 's numerous municipal housing estates and legacy of dockland neighbourhoods house people suffering from levels of deprivation and unemployment as severe as anywhere in the United Kingdom .
the borough 's [many] municipal housing estates and legacy of dockland neighbourhoods house people suffering from levels of deprivation and unemployment as severe as anywhere in the united kingdom .

Numerous delays prevented this venture coming to fruition within the ‘ initial responses ’ period .
[many] delays prevented this venture coming to fruition within the ‘ initial responses ’ period .

Since many of these problem drug users were known to have taken or be taking more than one drug , they were classified according to a hierarchy of six drug-use categories , in order to simplify the numerous kinds of polydrug use exhibited .
since many of these problem drug users were known to have taken or be taking more than one drug , they were classified according to a hierarchy of six drug-use categories , in order to simplify the [many] kinds of polydrug use exhibited .

These are moderate to severe pain relievers , but numerous instances were cited in the interviews where GPs had prescribed them for relatively minor ailments , some of which were fictitious , such as headaches , backache and arthritis .
these are moderate to severe pain relievers , but [many] instances were cited in the interviews where gps had prescribed them for relatively minor ailments , some of which were fictitious , such as headaches , backache and arthritis .

There are numerous theatres and countless clubs , discos , bars plus a late night casino .
there are [many] theatres and countless clubs , discos , bars plus a late night casino .

Today there are numerous seafood restaurants .
today there are [many] seafood restaurants .

It is also important to remember that a single impairment may give rise to numerous disabilities .
it is also important to remember that a single impairment may give rise to [many] disabilities .

The unique atmosphere of Anthony Hope 's Ruritania , its compound of energy and idealism , of courtly formality and personal passion , has never been precisely evoked in any of its numerous imitations .
the unique atmosphere of anthony hope 's ruritania , its compound of energy and idealism , of courtly formality and personal passion , has never been precisely evoked in any of its [many] imitations .

Her mother 's tears , her father 's lonely silences , the numerous nannies she resented , the endless shuttling between parents , the sound of her brother Charles sobbing himself to sleep , the feelings of guilt that she was n't born a boy and the firmly fixed idea that somehow she was a ‘ nuisance ’ to have around .
her mother 's tears , her father 's lonely silences , the [many] nannies she resented , the endless shuttling between parents , the sound of her brother charles sobbing himself to sleep , the feelings of guilt that she was n't born a boy and the firmly fixed idea that somehow she was a ‘ nuisance ’ to have around .

Over the years numerous paintings , antiques and other objets d'art have been sold often , claim the children , at rock bottom prices while they describe in disdainful terms the way the house has been ‘ restored ’ .
over the years [many] paintings , antiques and other objets d'art have been sold often , claim the children , at rock bottom prices while they describe in disdainful terms the way the house has been ‘ restored ’ .

There was iron too in the Spencer soul and numerous hospital corridors rang to the sound of the redoubtable Countess and the fiery Lady Sarah Spencer hissing at each other like a pair of angry geese .
there was iron too in the spencer soul and [many] hospital corridors rang to the sound of the redoubtable countess and the fiery lady sarah spencer hissing at each other like a pair of angry geese .

The royal yacht , the oldest ship in the Royal Navy , is a familiar sight in the waters of the Solent during the August regatta and Prince Philip plays host to a party which usually includes his German relatives along with Princess Alexandra , her husband , Sir Angus Ogilvy and numerous yachting friends .
the royal yacht , the oldest ship in the royal navy , is a familiar sight in the waters of the solent during the august regatta and prince philip plays host to a party which usually includes his german relatives along with princess alexandra , her husband , sir angus ogilvy and [many] yachting friends .

’ In the first years of their married life , Diana made several suicide bids and numerous threats .
’ in the first years of their married life , diana made several suicide bids and [many] threats .

In the marshland area from times distant the countless mills were known to provide food for man 's physical well-being and the numerous churches sustenance for his spiritual health .
in the marshland area from times distant the countless mills were known to provide food for man 's physical well-being and the [many] churches sustenance for his spiritual health .

The national six o'clock news had just begun when the blue transit van pulled into one of the numerous lay-bys on the hard shoulder of the southbound ringroad .
the national six o'clock news had just begun when the blue transit van pulled into one of the [many] lay-bys on the hard shoulder of the southbound ringroad .

Josef Mauer had been with the Austrian police for eighteen years , the last eleven as a sergeant stationed in Linz , but despite numerous attempts by his superior to change his mind he had never been interested in promotion , preferring the everyday excitement that came with riding the streets in a police car to struggling with a mound of paperwork in some closeted office .
josef mauer had been with the austrian police for eighteen years , the last eleven as a sergeant stationed in linz , but despite [many] attempts by his superior to change his mind he had never been interested in promotion , preferring the everyday excitement that came with riding the streets in a police car to struggling with a mound of paperwork in some closeted office .

Graham reluctantly pushed one of the cassettes into the system , waved the cigarette smoke irritably from his face , then turned his attention to the New York skyline and started to name the numerous skyscrapers to himself in an attempt to pass the time .
graham reluctantly pushed one of the cassettes into the system , waved the cigarette smoke irritably from his face , then turned his attention to the new york skyline and started to name the [many] skyscrapers to himself in an attempt to pass the time .

Its white walls contrasted vividly with the black shutters latched into place over the numerous windows , and the heavy curtains drawn across the three dormer windows jutting out from the unpainted corrugated-iron roof only added to its forbidding atmosphere .
its white walls contrasted vividly with the black shutters latched into place over the [many] windows , and the heavy curtains drawn across the three dormer windows jutting out from the unpainted corrugated-iron roof only added to its forbidding atmosphere .

Towering above the numerous box-shaped buildings were three unsightly cooling towers , each belching out plumes of thick , grey smoke which drifted up into the low , threatening rain clouds overhead .
towering above the [many] box-shaped buildings were three unsightly cooling towers , each belching out plumes of thick , grey smoke which drifted up into the low , threatening rain clouds overhead .

She parked the hired Audi Coupe in front of the wire fence then reached into the back for the holdall containing the Geiger-Muller counter which she had managed to buy after numerous telephone calls to a succession of Lausanne retailers .
she parked the hired audi coupe in front of the wire fence then reached into the back for the holdall containing the geiger-muller counter which she had managed to buy after [many] telephone calls to a succession of lausanne retailers .

His work is explained , defended , and substantiated in numerous journals and other publications dating from 1966 until the present day .
his work is explained , defended , and substantiated in [many] journals and other publications dating from 1966 until the present day .

There is no way of telling whether those ‘ hurt ’ by insider dealing are more numerous than those ‘ hurt ’ by trading before inside facts have impacted the market via ‘ legitimate ’ disclosure rules , so that investors are price-takers taking a faulty price .
there is no way of telling whether those ‘ hurt ’ by insider dealing are more [many] than those ‘ hurt ’ by trading before inside facts have impacted the market via ‘ legitimate ’ disclosure rules , so that investors are price-takers taking a faulty price .

Sardinia 's craftsmen offer a bonanza for the bargain-hunter — unique handicrafts are numerous and include hand-woven rugs , baskets , pottery , and coral jewellery produced with love .
sardinia 's craftsmen offer a bonanza for the bargain-hunter — unique handicrafts are [many] and include hand-woven rugs , baskets , pottery , and coral jewellery produced with love .

Pretty gardens will surround the Hotel Miramare and numerous steps will lead to the pleasant swimming pool and tennis courts for the energetic .
pretty gardens will surround the hotel miramare and [many] steps will lead to the pleasant swimming pool and tennis courts for the energetic .

Situated about 20 minutes walk from the centre of the highly popular Viareggio , the resort 's numerous bars , its café and restaurants surrounded by tropical plants and flowers , its fashionable shops and other amenities are also close by .
situated about 20 minutes walk from the centre of the highly popular viareggio , the resort 's [many] bars , its café and restaurants surrounded by tropical plants and flowers , its fashionable shops and other amenities are also close by .

Peace and tranquillity reign in the well-kept grounds , which offer numerous tables and chairs in pleasant shady corners , for guests to relax in .
peace and tranquillity reign in the well-kept grounds , which offer [many] tables and chairs in pleasant shady corners , for guests to relax in .

His numerous legs , which were pitifully thin compared to the rest of his bulk , waved helplessly before his eyes .
his [many] legs , which were pitifully thin compared to the rest of his bulk , waved helplessly before his eyes .

It informs and entertains them in a more free-form , less habitual way , and on numerous occasions throughout their busy months .
it informs and entertains them in a more free-form , less habitual way , and on [many] occasions throughout their busy months .

What was arresting was n't what they were saying : minimal prompting would have elicited numerous similar testimonials to Bobby Charlton 's qualities as an Englishman , an athlete , walker-on-water , inter-galactic being , ambassador and father .
what was arresting was n't what they were saying : minimal prompting would have elicited [many] similar testimonials to bobby charlton 's qualities as an englishman , an athlete , walker-on-water , inter-galactic being , ambassador and father .

This is not to say that women have not played an important and active role in numerous tenant struggles .
this is not to say that women have not played an important and active role in [many] tenant struggles .

However , numerous problems still arise .
however , [many] problems still arise .

Cramped kitchens , damp , thin walls , broken lifts , dark and dangerous stair-ways and the numerous other consequences of low cost building , make taking care of the home and rearing young children doubly difficult and time-consuming .
cramped kitchens , damp , thin walls , broken lifts , dark and dangerous stair-ways and the [many] other consequences of low cost building , make taking care of the home and rearing young children doubly difficult and time-consuming .

Private lives require a sturdy minimum of investment in bricks and mortar : there are , for sure , numerous disadvantages in such private lives , but these are disadvantages which many people in St Ann 's might well like to taste .
private lives require a sturdy minimum of investment in bricks and mortar : there are , for sure , [many] disadvantages in such private lives , but these are disadvantages which many people in st ann 's might well like to taste .

If you hang your washing out in the yard to dry , normally it will be attacked by numerous little black smuts : you will not normally complain .
if you hang your washing out in the yard to dry , normally it will be attacked by [many] little black smuts : you will not normally complain .

Numerous attempts have been made to stifle theories which some power-holders have found to be unpalatable but which have , over time , become more generally acceptable .
[many] attempts have been made to stifle theories which some power-holders have found to be unpalatable but which have , over time , become more generally acceptable .

There have been numerous criticisms of Freud 's theory of the Oedipus complex , and of his implied view of female sexuality .
there have been [many] criticisms of freud 's theory of the oedipus complex , and of his implied view of female sexuality .

He scurries round the numerous vantage points , peering down into the camera .
he scurries round the [many] vantage points , peering down into the camera .

With this discovery and the slate boom of the mid-80s , numerous worthwhile routes were produced on the Rainbow .
with this discovery and the slate boom of the mid-80s , [many] worthwhile routes were produced on the rainbow .

The numerous victims of their rapacity and greed had no reason to risk their necks for the king and his favourites ; nobles such as the king 's half-brother the Earl of Norfolk , who might have expected to enjoy some influence at court , hated the Despensers for their monopoly of the king 's presence ; and the heirs of the victims of 1322 had everything to gain from the overthrow of Edward 's regime .
the [many] victims of their rapacity and greed had no reason to risk their necks for the king and his favourites ; nobles such as the king 's half-brother the earl of norfolk , who might have expected to enjoy some influence at court , hated the despensers for their monopoly of the king 's presence ; and the heirs of the victims of 1322 had everything to gain from the overthrow of edward 's regime .

The uncertain boundaries of the duchy gave rise to numerous disputes , any one of which might flare up into a major conflict , as the war of Saint Sardos demonstrated .
the uncertain boundaries of the duchy gave rise to [many] disputes , any one of which might flare up into a major conflict , as the war of saint sardos demonstrated .

The impact of the plague on rural society has been the subject of numerous studies , but its effect on English government between 1348 and 1350 has never been fully discussed .
the impact of the plague on rural society has been the subject of [many] studies , but its effect on english government between 1348 and 1350 has never been fully discussed .

Ms Alexander , calling on Mrs Bottomley to meet a delegation of parents , said : ‘ Although it was Beverly Allitt who committed these crimes , my concern is that the hospital management failed to spot her character defects , failed to supervise her and failed to act on numerous clues , and delayed inexcusably before calling in the police .
ms alexander , calling on mrs bottomley to meet a delegation of parents , said : ‘ although it was beverly allitt who committed these crimes , my concern is that the hospital management failed to spot her character defects , failed to supervise her and failed to act on [many] clues , and delayed inexcusably before calling in the police .

The Essex coast is home to numerous species of birds , such as the Brent Goose , Shelduck , Black-tailed Godwit and Sanderling .
the essex coast is home to [many] species of birds , such as the brent goose , shelduck , black-tailed godwit and sanderling .

Numerous small gold , copper and lead mines were active in the 19th century .
[many] small gold , copper and lead mines were active in the 19th century .

Chromite has been produced from numerous small open pit workings on Unst in Shetland .
chromite has been produced from [many] small open pit workings on unst in shetland .

Fluorite occurs in oreshoots within major veins up to 20km long and 10m wide , and also in stratabound replacement orebodies ( flats ) adjacent to veins as well as numerous minor veins ( Greenwood and Smith , 1977 ) .
fluorite occurs in oreshoots within major veins up to 20km long and 10m wide , and also in stratabound replacement orebodies ( flats ) adjacent to veins as well as [many] minor veins ( greenwood and smith , 1977 ) .

The Dolgellau Gold Belt occurs within Middle and Upper Cambrian sediments with numerous intrusions of ‘ greenstone ’ ( basic to intermediate volcanic rocks ) on the southern and eastern flanks of the Harlech Dome .
the dolgellau gold belt occurs within middle and upper cambrian sediments with [many] intrusions of ‘ greenstone ’ ( basic to intermediate volcanic rocks ) on the southern and eastern flanks of the harlech dome .

There are numerous other minor occurrences .
there are [many] other minor occurrences .

Groups of letters and single letters were , as always , numerous .
groups of letters and single letters were , as always , [many] .

The stench filled the street , making shopping very unpleasant , and Environmental Health Officers received numerous complaints .
the stench filled the street , making shopping very unpleasant , and environmental health officers received [many] complaints .

Entitled ‘ Food Safety : Protecting the Consumer ’ , it outlines proposals on how to ‘ strengthen and streamline ’ the numerous British laws on food safety and update the 1984 Food Act .
entitled ‘ food safety : protecting the consumer ’ , it outlines proposals on how to ‘ strengthen and streamline ’ the [many] british laws on food safety and update the 1984 food act .

There are numerous areas in which general insurance actuaries are currently developing new techniques , for example , medical expenses .
there are [many] areas in which general insurance actuaries are currently developing new techniques , for example , medical expenses .

Finally , Mr Murray said that he had received numerous letters about the selection of the typeface ( Courier ) for all our future correspondence and due to the strength of feeling on this and other layout issues it has been decided to set up a Keyboard Operators panel to discuss the way forward .
finally , mr murray said that he had received [many] letters about the selection of the typeface ( courier ) for all our future correspondence and due to the strength of feeling on this and other layout issues it has been decided to set up a keyboard operators panel to discuss the way forward .

In view of the numerous illnesses and injuries which can affect people , it would be very difficult to provide guidelines on all of these .
in view of the [many] illnesses and injuries which can affect people , it would be very difficult to provide guidelines on all of these .

There are numerous risks to being overweight .
there are [many] risks to being overweight .

He has worked in numerous branches since then , most recently in Limerick , 1975–89 .
he has worked in [many] branches since then , most recently in limerick , 1975–89 .

Additionally , member companies have access to numerous seminars , training courses and conferences organised on quality issues .
additionally , member companies have access to [many] seminars , training courses and conferences organised on quality issues .

Audit forms with insolvency practices can acquire numerous associates as currently defined because in an insolvency appointment they are entitled to control 20 per cent or more of a company 's voting rights .
audit forms with insolvency practices can acquire [many] associates as currently defined because in an insolvency appointment they are entitled to control 20 per cent or more of a company 's voting rights .

Numerous items of correspondence have been received and sent by the tennis action committee but there is no progress to report .
[many] items of correspondence have been received and sent by the tennis action committee but there is no progress to report .

These are only two of the numerous breeds of this marvellous animal .
these are only two of the [many] breeds of this marvellous animal .

‘ Love cools , friendship falls off , brothers divide : in cities , mutinies ; in countries , discord ; in palaces , treason ; and the bond cracked 'twixt son and father … We have seen the best of our time ; machinations , hollowness , treachery , and all numerous disorders follow us disquietly to our graves . ’
‘ love cools , friendship falls off , brothers divide : in cities , mutinies ; in countries , discord ; in palaces , treason ; and the bond cracked 'twixt son and father … we have seen the best of our time ; machinations , hollowness , treachery , and all [many] disorders follow us disquietly to our graves . ’

Numerous sailors , East Europeans , Chinese , ladies of the night , various thugs and drunkards .
[many] sailors , east europeans , chinese , ladies of the night , various thugs and drunkards .

On the final part of their walk they had passed by numerous strange and wondrous animals which had been frozen as they ate , slept or strolled .
on the final part of their walk they had passed by [many] strange and wondrous animals which had been frozen as they ate , slept or strolled .

His legs and back were broken in numerous places .
his legs and back were broken in [many] places .

The Doctor stirred up numerous feelings in the poet .
the doctor stirred up [many] feelings in the poet .

There are close links with statisticians in the Scottish Agricultural Statistics Service , the Faculties of Medicine and Social Science , the Government Statistical Service in the Scottish Office and numerous other departments and research institutes .
there are close links with statisticians in the scottish agricultural statistics service , the faculties of medicine and social science , the government statistical service in the scottish office and [many] other departments and research institutes .

Additional features assisting research include a departmental publication series ( printed in the very well-equipped Reprographics Section ) , an extensive publication record of books and articles , vigorous participation in and organisation of national and international conferences , helped by numerous overseas contacts and scientific exchanges .
additional features assisting research include a departmental publication series ( printed in the very well-equipped reprographics section ) , an extensive publication record of books and articles , vigorous participation in and organisation of national and international conferences , helped by [many] overseas contacts and scientific exchanges .

Police Headquarters was merrily ablaze , as were numerous other buildings in the vicinity .
police headquarters was merrily ablaze , as were [many] other buildings in the vicinity .

The city 's numerous places of interest and historical heritage include art galleries and concert halls ; the Royal Museum of Scotland ; the Royal Botanic Garden ; the National Library of Scotland ; the Palace of Holyroodhouse ; Parliament House ; St Giles ' Cathedral ; and Edinburgh Castle .
the city 's [many] places of interest and historical heritage include art galleries and concert halls ; the royal museum of scotland ; the royal botanic garden ; the national library of scotland ; the palace of holyroodhouse ; parliament house ; st giles ' cathedral ; and edinburgh castle .

Societies Centre ( The Pleasance ) has numerous meeting rooms , a theatre , equipment pool , and the nicest bar in the Association with an open fire .
societies centre ( the pleasance ) has [many] meeting rooms , a theatre , equipment pool , and the nicest bar in the association with an open fire .

This is defended for numerous reasons .
this is defended for [many] reasons .

The multiplication of agencies as a means to greater bureaucratic efficiency may be objected to on the grounds that one of the major obstacles to the successful implementation of government programmes has been found to be the existence of numerous competing administrative bodies which so many programmes seem to involve because of overlapping policy fields and jurisdictions ( Gunn 1978 ) .
the multiplication of agencies as a means to greater bureaucratic efficiency may be objected to on the grounds that one of the major obstacles to the successful implementation of government programmes has been found to be the existence of [many] competing administrative bodies which so many programmes seem to involve because of overlapping policy fields and jurisdictions ( gunn 1978 ) .

Richard Hansard , for instance , was made constable of Durham castle , while the commission Dudley appointed to survey his land included numerous ducal associates , among them Sir William Parr , Thomas Witham and Thomas Metcalfe .
richard hansard , for instance , was made constable of durham castle , while the commission dudley appointed to survey his land included [many] ducal associates , among them sir william parr , thomas witham and thomas metcalfe .

The Metcalfes of Nappa near Askrigg in Wensleydale were members of the Middleham connection , holding numerous offices within the lordship .
the metcalfes of nappa near askrigg in wensleydale were members of the middleham connection , holding [many] offices within the lordship .

However , this was a commonplace in Wales and the fact that Tyrell received numerous grants from local landowners anxious to have his good will implies that he at least was a force to be reckoned with .
however , this was a commonplace in wales and the fact that tyrell received [many] grants from local landowners anxious to have his good will implies that he at least was a force to be reckoned with .

Radiotherapy has no proved value in the treatment of gastric cancer and while there have been numerous trials of various chemotherapy regimens , none have proved to be valuable either as an adjuvant treatment or for advanced disease .
radiotherapy has no proved value in the treatment of gastric cancer and while there have been [many] trials of various chemotherapy regimens , none have proved to be valuable either as an adjuvant treatment or for advanced disease .

Numerous clinical , pathological , and biological features of index or baseline ( as opposed to recurrent ) polyps have been evaluated as potential ‘ markers ’ for predicting recurrence but examination of histologically normal mucosal samples may also provide information on the likelihood of recidivism .
[many] clinical , pathological , and biological features of index or baseline ( as opposed to recurrent ) polyps have been evaluated as potential ‘ markers ’ for predicting recurrence but examination of histologically normal mucosal samples may also provide information on the likelihood of recidivism .

The dose of tritiated thymidine used here , which is somewhat higher than that used by many other investigators , produces clear cut labelling of S-phase muclei with numerous black grains against a negligible background .
the dose of tritiated thymidine used here , which is somewhat higher than that used by many other investigators , produces clear cut labelling of s-phase muclei with [many] black grains against a negligible background .

Despite numerous studies published on the incidence and mortality of pancreatitis in various hospitals , only a few epidemiological studies on large populations have been carried out .
despite [many] studies published on the incidence and mortality of pancreatitis in various hospitals , only a few epidemiological studies on large populations have been carried out .

There are numerous hill towns in central Italy where can be seen extant remains of Etruscan city walling .
there are [many] hill towns in central italy where can be seen extant remains of etruscan city walling .

Numerous churches were constructed in the fourth to sixth centuries after the establishment of Christianity as the official religion of Rome .
[many] churches were constructed in the fourth to sixth centuries after the establishment of christianity as the official religion of rome .

They were built mainly of brick but had columns , capitals , entablatures and wall coverings of marble and stone taken from the numerous ruined Roman secular buildings ; most floors were of Roman mosaic .
they were built mainly of brick but had columns , capitals , entablatures and wall coverings of marble and stone taken from the [many] ruined roman secular buildings ; most floors were of roman mosaic .

They have numerous domes on tall drums .
they have [many] domes on tall drums .

Bulgaria also had a long history of Byzantine building of churches and monasteries but remains of original work are not numerous or of high quality .
bulgaria also had a long history of byzantine building of churches and monasteries but remains of original work are not [many] or of high quality .

The broad lines of the revolt are clear ( 11 , pp.38–44 ) although there are numerous problems of detail .
the broad lines of the revolt are clear ( 11 , pp.38–44 ) although there are [many] problems of detail .

Preconditioning with brief periods of ischaemia has now been shown to increase the heart 's resistance to infarction in numerous species , including rabbit , rat , and pig .
preconditioning with brief periods of ischaemia has now been shown to increase the heart 's resistance to infarction in [many] species , including rabbit , rat , and pig .

Answer guide : Numerous examples are acceptable .
answer guide : [many] examples are acceptable .

The redistributive impact of the government budget involves numerous problems , which are illustrated below in the form of a convenient list provided by O'Higgins ( 1980 ) and Ruggles ( 1991 ) .
the redistributive impact of the government budget involves [many] problems , which are illustrated below in the form of a convenient list provided by o'higgins ( 1980 ) and ruggles ( 1991 ) .

These centered around the discovery ( by Jack Murphy ) of numerous old charters , deeds , documents and papers pertaining to rights of way , common ground , bridle paths , wells , waterholes and Lord alone knows what else .
these centered around the discovery ( by jack murphy ) of [many] old charters , deeds , documents and papers pertaining to rights of way , common ground , bridle paths , wells , waterholes and lord alone knows what else .

Abigail 's will provided for numerous relatives , i.e .
abigail 's will provided for [many] relatives , i.e .

The county was characterised instead by numerous small farmers and cottagers .
the county was characterised instead by [many] small farmers and cottagers .

Kinship links through frequent intermarriage and numerous personal friendships cemented the bonds that gave Wigston and similar places a real sense of belonging to a community .
kinship links through frequent intermarriage and [many] personal friendships cemented the bonds that gave wigston and similar places a real sense of belonging to a community .

During the sixteenth century Myddle was essentially a society consisting of numerous smallholders and a few large farmers , but from the second half of Elizabeth 's reign onwards poor immigrants came into the parish in search of labouring work and the opportunity to erect a cottage in the woods or on the manorial wastes .
during the sixteenth century myddle was essentially a society consisting of [many] smallholders and a few large farmers , but from the second half of elizabeth 's reign onwards poor immigrants came into the parish in search of labouring work and the opportunity to erect a cottage in the woods or on the manorial wastes .

The barging families were of two sorts ; the rich and the powerful families such as the Tawneys and the Clarkes of Lower Fisher Row , and the numerous poorer ones like the Gardners and the Crawfords of Upper and Middle Fisher Row .
the barging families were of two sorts ; the rich and the powerful families such as the tawneys and the clarkes of lower fisher row , and the [many] poorer ones like the gardners and the crawfords of upper and middle fisher row .

At that time numerous Dissenting groups were meeting in private houses or cottages until the day when they had the resources to build their own little Zion or Bethel .
at that time [many] dissenting groups were meeting in private houses or cottages until the day when they had the resources to build their own little zion or bethel .

It was based on numerous small workshops rather than upon the large factories that characterized the Lancashire cotton industry .
it was based on [many] small workshops rather than upon the large factories that characterized the lancashire cotton industry .

An intricate street pattern arose from the divided ownership of the land and numerous tiny variations in house types appeared because so many different builders were at work .
an intricate street pattern arose from the divided ownership of the land and [many] tiny variations in house types appeared because so many different builders were at work .

Industrialized villages were naturally most numerous in the North and parts of the Midlands , but even in the South some nineteenth-century rural communities were sustained to a large extent by wages earned at a particular craft .
industrialized villages were naturally most [many] in the north and parts of the midlands , but even in the south some nineteenth-century rural communities were sustained to a large extent by wages earned at a particular craft .

Thurlstone township was a sub-division of the large parish of Penistone and comprised not just the village but several scattered hamlets and numerous isolated farms on the edge of the Pennine moors .
thurlstone township was a sub-division of the large parish of penistone and comprised not just the village but several scattered hamlets and [many] isolated farms on the edge of the pennine moors .

The town provided a living for 15 bakers and flour dealers , 8 blacksmiths , 27 boot and shoe makers , 24 butchers , 11 confectioners , 21 grocers and tea dealers , 7 hatters , 10 hair dressers and perfumers , 18 joiners and builders , 9 drapers , 11 maltsters , 17 milliners , 24 tailors and drapers , 8 watch and clock makers and numerous others .
the town provided a living for 15 bakers and flour dealers , 8 blacksmiths , 27 boot and shoe makers , 24 butchers , 11 confectioners , 21 grocers and tea dealers , 7 hatters , 10 hair dressers and perfumers , 18 joiners and builders , 9 drapers , 11 maltsters , 17 milliners , 24 tailors and drapers , 8 watch and clock makers and [many] others .

There are numerous different forms of energy .
there are [many] different forms of energy .

Numerous prizes , generously donated by sponsors , were given out at the end of the day .
[many] prizes , generously donated by sponsors , were given out at the end of the day .

The window of vulnerability is the fact that , unlike American ones , Russian missiles are accurate and numerous enough to destroy the other side 's missiles in their silos .
the window of vulnerability is the fact that , unlike american ones , russian missiles are accurate and [many] enough to destroy the other side 's missiles in their silos .

There are numerous demands on the time of a Fund Manager and we must make the maximum impact in the relatively short time available .
there are [many] demands on the time of a fund manager and we must make the maximum impact in the relatively short time available .

For example , there are numerous ways of making a new river crossing : bridge or tunnel , steel or concrete , various types of construction and financing options .
for example , there are [many] ways of making a new river crossing : bridge or tunnel , steel or concrete , various types of construction and financing options .

At the same time he said that new rules would be drawn up on the ownership of property , in preparation for the privatization of numerous state enterprises ; in this context he demanded a cut in bank interest rates , from a typical level of 50 per cent to around 20 per cent , so as to encourage private investment in industry , where he said that productivity had fallen by 10 per cent since the start of the year .
at the same time he said that new rules would be drawn up on the ownership of property , in preparation for the privatization of [many] state enterprises ; in this context he demanded a cut in bank interest rates , from a typical level of 50 per cent to around 20 per cent , so as to encourage private investment in industry , where he said that productivity had fallen by 10 per cent since the start of the year .

The jury deliberated for 10 days before acquitting Fama of firing the fatal shot , but convicting him of second-degree murder by virtue of his participation in the attack ; he was also convicted of numerous lesser charges including those relating to the unlawful possession of weapons .
the jury deliberated for 10 days before acquitting fama of firing the fatal shot , but convicting him of second-degree murder by virtue of his participation in the attack ; he was also convicted of [many] lesser charges including those relating to the unlawful possession of weapons .

He had received numerous death threats from Sendero Luminoso and from the Rodrigo Franco Commandos since being elected in 1986 and had escaped three assassination attempts , and his house had been bombed several times in 1989 .
he had received [many] death threats from sendero luminoso and from the rodrigo franco commandos since being elected in 1986 and had escaped three assassination attempts , and his house had been bombed several times in 1989 .

In January 1989 the human rights organization Amnesty International urged the government to investigate numerous killings of trade union leaders and called for it to take immediate action over the suspected participation of police and members of the judiciary in harassment of and death threats against peasant leaders .
in january 1989 the human rights organization amnesty international urged the government to investigate [many] killings of trade union leaders and called for it to take immediate action over the suspected participation of police and members of the judiciary in harassment of and death threats against peasant leaders .

Evangelos Averoff-Tossizza , a prominent conservative politician who had held ministerial office on numerous occasions , died on Jan. 2 , 1990 , at the age of 80 .
evangelos averoff-tossizza , a prominent conservative politician who had held ministerial office on [many] occasions , died on jan. 2 , 1990 , at the age of 80 .

Sentenced to death for the casual murder of two teenage boys in San Diego in 1978 , Harris had lodged numerous appeals , several of which had been considered by the Supreme Court .
sentenced to death for the casual murder of two teenage boys in san diego in 1978 , harris had lodged [many] appeals , several of which had been considered by the supreme court .

In recent months there had been numerous incidents , in Armenia and the disputed Nagorny Karabakh enclave within Armenia , in which Armenian militants ambushed troops and raided police stations to capture weapons [ for worst such incident , in Yerevan in May , see p. 37462 ] .
in recent months there had been [many] incidents , in armenia and the disputed nagorny karabakh enclave within armenia , in which armenian militants ambushed troops and raided police stations to capture weapons [ for worst such incident , in yerevan in may , see p. 37462 ] .

Although the 114 deputies represented an absolute majority in the 180-member Kosovo Assembly , the Assembly itself had been summarily closed by the Serbian authorities on June 26 , following a decision of the Serbian Assembly to declare a situation of `` special circumstances `` in Kosovo because of the ongoing strikes in numerous factories , and because of alleged attacks against ethnic Serbians in the province .
although the 114 deputies represented an absolute majority in the 180-member kosovo assembly , the assembly itself had been summarily closed by the serbian authorities on june 26 , following a decision of the serbian assembly to declare a situation of `` special circumstances `` in kosovo because of the ongoing strikes in [many] factories , and because of alleged attacks against ethnic serbians in the province .

Numerous other parties and groupings were formed during the month .
[many] other parties and groupings were formed during the month .

When the President and a 28-member delegation ( which included his wife and children ) had made a state visit to Taiwan between Jan. 7 and 15 , numerous opposition leaders had condemned the visit as a pointless extravagance which Haiti , the poorest country in the Western hemisphere , could ill afford .
when the president and a 28-member delegation ( which included his wife and children ) had made a state visit to taiwan between jan. 7 and 15 , [many] opposition leaders had condemned the visit as a pointless extravagance which haiti , the poorest country in the western hemisphere , could ill afford .

During the past year numerous threats had been made against Motoshima 's life by right-wing elements , and the shooting occurred only weeks after the police had , at the mayor 's request , withdrawn a 24-hour bodyguard .
during the past year [many] threats had been made against motoshima 's life by right-wing elements , and the shooting occurred only weeks after the police had , at the mayor 's request , withdrawn a 24-hour bodyguard .

During the trial the prosecution had alleged that Saunders had authorized large covert payment to numerous persons , including Ronson , in return for their commitment to buy Guinness shares .
during the trial the prosecution had alleged that saunders had authorized large covert payment to [many] persons , including ronson , in return for their commitment to buy guinness shares .

As head of Bell Group International between 1982 and 1988 , he acquired numerous companies and constructed a diverse business empire which included components ranging from heavy industry to light entertainment .
as head of bell group international between 1982 and 1988 , he acquired [many] companies and constructed a diverse business empire which included components ranging from heavy industry to light entertainment .

Religion : Mostly Christian , of whom 95 per cent are Roman Catholic , with numerous other denominations , the largest being Polish Autocephalous Orthodox Church ; small Moslem and Jewish minorities .
religion : mostly christian , of whom 95 per cent are roman catholic , with [many] other denominations , the largest being polish autocephalous orthodox church ; small moslem and jewish minorities .

The process of forming a government was slowed by numerous allegations that as many as 10 per cent of new deputies had worked for the former Ministry of State Security police ( `` Stasi `` ) as active informants .
the process of forming a government was slowed by [many] allegations that as many as 10 per cent of new deputies had worked for the former ministry of state security police ( `` stasi `` ) as active informants .

The Afghan government claimed that Tanay 's action had been planned with the help of numerous accomplices .
the afghan government claimed that tanay 's action had been planned with the help of [many] accomplices .

On March 18 Lal withdrew his resignation after discussion with numerous people including two of his closest supporters , Mulayem Singh Yadav and Lallu Prasad Yadav ( Chief Ministers of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar , respectively ) .
on march 18 lal withdrew his resignation after discussion with [many] people including two of his closest supporters , mulayem singh yadav and lallu prasad yadav ( chief ministers of uttar pradesh and bihar , respectively ) .

Many of those concerned about the ignorance and marginalization of Christianity in numerous schools have failed to state publicly what is insightful about the multi-faith approach , and those convinced of the appropriateness of the latter have tended to display similar insensitivity towards the former .
many of those concerned about the ignorance and marginalization of christianity in [many] schools have failed to state publicly what is insightful about the multi-faith approach , and those convinced of the appropriateness of the latter have tended to display similar insensitivity towards the former .

The possible distortions which people can pick up are numerous .
the possible distortions which people can pick up are [many] .

They were not numerous : only a minority of lay office-holders refused the oaths of allegiance to William and Mary ( although they included ten peers and sixty-one present or former MPs ) , as did a little under 400 clergymen ( 3.5 per cent of a total clerical estate of at least 12,000 ) .
they were not [many] : only a minority of lay office-holders refused the oaths of allegiance to william and mary ( although they included ten peers and sixty-one present or former mps ) , as did a little under 400 clergymen ( 3.5 per cent of a total clerical estate of at least 12,000 ) .

There are numerous different versions of tag .
there are [many] different versions of tag .

Again , there are numerous variations of these blind games/exercises .
again , there are [many] variations of these blind games/exercises .

Indeed , compared with all the enthusiasm for the `` special relationship `` necessarily expressed in public by numerous British spokesmen between the 1940s and the 1990s , Gaitskell 's cool summary is as broadly representative of British feelings and thinking as one is likely to find .
indeed , compared with all the enthusiasm for the `` special relationship `` necessarily expressed in public by [many] british spokesmen between the 1940s and the 1990s , gaitskell 's cool summary is as broadly representative of british feelings and thinking as one is likely to find .

The Conservatives had inherited numerous economic problems .
the conservatives had inherited [many] economic problems .

Numerous stories began to circulate of American machinations and claim-jumping at the expense of the British .
[many] stories began to circulate of american machinations and claim-jumping at the expense of the british .

But it is clear that Eisenhower was not convinced that this was an opportune moment for any Western powers to risk a direct clash with Egypt even if his warnings to Eden to this effect were not perhaps sufficiently numerous .
but it is clear that eisenhower was not convinced that this was an opportune moment for any western powers to risk a direct clash with egypt even if his warnings to eden to this effect were not perhaps sufficiently [many] .

The Soviet sense of urgency was increased by the exodus of numerous East Germans by way of West Berlin to the Federal Republic .
the soviet sense of urgency was increased by the exodus of [many] east germans by way of west berlin to the federal republic .

Among the writings of Ruricius , Avitus and Ennodius are numerous letters of friendship , or amicitia , which were one of the traditional means of cultivating and maintaining contact with one 's peer group .
among the writings of ruricius , avitus and ennodius are [many] letters of friendship , or amicitia , which were one of the traditional means of cultivating and maintaining contact with one 's peer group .

In the century and a half prior to Gregory numerous saints ' Lives had been written , most notably those concerned with the Lérinian saints , Honoratus , Hilary of Arles and Caesarius , as well as those devoted to Germanus of Auxerre , the Jura Fathers , and Genovefa , the virgin saint of Paris .
in the century and a half prior to gregory [many] saints ' lives had been written , most notably those concerned with the lérinian saints , honoratus , hilary of arles and caesarius , as well as those devoted to germanus of auxerre , the jura fathers , and genovefa , the virgin saint of paris .

Most notable among the latter were numerous gold bees or cicadas , which appear once to have adorned a cloak , a small bull 's head , also made of gold , and a signet-ring , which identified the occupant of the tomb .
most notable among the latter were [many] gold bees or cicadas , which appear once to have adorned a cloak , a small bull 's head , also made of gold , and a signet-ring , which identified the occupant of the tomb .

Quintianus , for instance , was at odds with numerous groups in the diocese .
quintianus , for instance , was at odds with [many] groups in the diocese .

Numerous conflicts within the kingdom were thus centred upon the royal court .
[many] conflicts within the kingdom were thus centred upon the royal court .

After the Russians , these were the second most numerous ethnic group to be ruled from St Petersburg and occupied an area which , apart from the north-eastern corner of the Habsburg Empire , included the three southernmost of Russia 's nine western provinces and an equally large region on the left or eastern bank of the river Dnieper .
after the russians , these were the second most [many] ethnic group to be ruled from st petersburg and occupied an area which , apart from the north-eastern corner of the habsburg empire , included the three southernmost of russia 's nine western provinces and an equally large region on the left or eastern bank of the river dnieper .

Peasant disturbances were numerous in the spring and early summer of 1861 , but declined sharply thereafter .
peasant disturbances were [many] in the spring and early summer of 1861 , but declined sharply thereafter .

In the 1650s the Venetian representative in London maintained more than twenty Catholic priests who ministered to the numerous English Catholics who filled the embassy chapel to overflowing .
in the 1650s the venetian representative in london maintained more than twenty catholic priests who ministered to the [many] english catholics who filled the embassy chapel to overflowing .

Generations of intermarriage between ruling families had covered the continent with a web of dynastic ties which generated numerous and complex claims to territories , titles and rights of all kinds .
generations of intermarriage between ruling families had covered the continent with a web of dynastic ties which generated [many] and complex claims to territories , titles and rights of all kinds .

The paradoxes which then result are very numerous .
the paradoxes which then result are very [many] .

It should be remembered that the recipients receive numerous business profiles .
it should be remembered that the recipients receive [many] business profiles .

Neither Ian Woosnam and Nick Faldo nor Seve Ballesteros and Jose-Marie Olazabal let the home fans down despite suffering numerous anxious moments at the hands of Lanny Wadkins and Payne Stewart and Tom Kite and Curtis Strange .
neither ian woosnam and nick faldo nor seve ballesteros and jose-marie olazabal let the home fans down despite suffering [many] anxious moments at the hands of lanny wadkins and payne stewart and tom kite and curtis strange .

•The letters and telephone calls were so numerous that Curtis Strange feels he owes golf fans an apology for an outburst of profanity , inadvertently picked up by a television microphone during an American event this summer .
•the letters and telephone calls were so [many] that curtis strange feels he owes golf fans an apology for an outburst of profanity , inadvertently picked up by a television microphone during an american event this summer .

Poll books recording the electoral choices of individual voters are common survivals from the years before the Secret Ballot Act of 1872 , but are more numerous for borough than for county constituencies , and have all too frequently been studied in isolation from other types of evidence .
poll books recording the electoral choices of individual voters are common survivals from the years before the secret ballot act of 1872 , but are more [many] for borough than for county constituencies , and have all too frequently been studied in isolation from other types of evidence .

Thomas Balogh , who died in 1985 , made numerous contributions to the professional literature of economics , and acted as adviser to many governments .
thomas balogh , who died in 1985 , made [many] contributions to the professional literature of economics , and acted as adviser to many governments .

Germany was an exception ; it evolved into numerous territories ruled by dynastic magnates , prince-bishops and city oligarchies .
germany was an exception ; it evolved into [many] territories ruled by dynastic magnates , prince-bishops and city oligarchies .

‘ The Millar ’ are to be seen regularly at numerous parades and have built up a reputation of excellent musical ability , together with superb marching talent .
‘ the millar ’ are to be seen regularly at [many] parades and have built up a reputation of excellent musical ability , together with superb marching talent .

Longer term aims may not require to be re-stated after just one year 's experience — numerous changes of direction will only serve to confuse , but they should be re-examined in the light of progress in attaining short term targets and the development plan should be altered accordingly .
longer term aims may not require to be re-stated after just one year 's experience — [many] changes of direction will only serve to confuse , but they should be re-examined in the light of progress in attaining short term targets and the development plan should be altered accordingly .

Finally , please ensure , at all times , that you have supplied a contact telephone number — this saves on numerous calls to directory enquiries .
finally , please ensure , at all times , that you have supplied a contact telephone number — this saves on [many] calls to directory enquiries .

There is plenty to visit : numerous museums , including the Gothic Art and Picasso , its two cathedrals ( the Gothic and Gaudi 's Sagrada Familia ) , the Spanish Folk Village , the mountain of Montjuich with its castle and Tibidabo with its fun fair , or just wandering along its tree-lined boulevards , of which the most famous is the Ramblas .
there is plenty to visit : [many] museums , including the gothic art and picasso , its two cathedrals ( the gothic and gaudi 's sagrada familia ) , the spanish folk village , the mountain of montjuich with its castle and tibidabo with its fun fair , or just wandering along its tree-lined boulevards , of which the most famous is the ramblas .

The market place and its world renowned gothic cathedral in the old part of the town , the numerous wine-bars , restaurants , pubs and cafe e s all add to a warm and friendly atmosphere .
the market place and its world renowned gothic cathedral in the old part of the town , the [many] wine-bars , restaurants , pubs and cafe e s all add to a warm and friendly atmosphere .

The government put down numerous extensive amendments to the Bill .
the government put down [many] extensive amendments to the bill .

There are numerous accounts of life and death situations , including Rifleman Clegg 's recollection of being gassed , in all its painful detail .
there are [many] accounts of life and death situations , including rifleman clegg 's recollection of being gassed , in all its painful detail .

In more recent times there have been numerous entries from Eastern Europe , including a pair of Russian runners in 1961 — Reljef and Grifel .
in more recent times there have been [many] entries from eastern europe , including a pair of russian runners in 1961 — reljef and grifel .

The disk is pentagonal , disk diameter up to 10 mm ; the skin covering has numerous rounded thin scales embedded in it , usually most conspicuous when the specimen is slightly dried .
the disk is pentagonal , disk diameter up to 10 mm ; the skin covering has [many] rounded thin scales embedded in it , usually most conspicuous when the specimen is slightly dried .

The oral plates and adoral shields often have scattered granules which become more numerous in larger specimens .
the oral plates and adoral shields often have scattered granules which become more [many] in larger specimens .

Not only is the passage which Husameddin quotes taken from the obituary section for the year 834 , but where Husameddin 's text apparently has ( `` and he returned to his own land in Rajab of the year 834 `` ) , every other one of the numerous manuscripts available , whether directly or indirectly through published texts or secondary sources , has ( `` and he returned and died in his own land in the month of Rajab `` ) .
not only is the passage which husameddin quotes taken from the obituary section for the year 834 , but where husameddin 's text apparently has ( `` and he returned to his own land in rajab of the year 834 `` ) , every other one of the [many] manuscripts available , whether directly or indirectly through published texts or secondary sources , has ( `` and he returned and died in his own land in the month of rajab `` ) .

Therefore , in the population , this form of the gene will become more numerous as the generations go by .
therefore , in the population , this form of the gene will become more [many] as the generations go by .

It will not be as simple as that , but you will have got the idea : one of the most important aspects of the ‘ climate ’ in which a gene is favoured or disfavoured is the other genes that are already numerous in the population ; the other genes , therefore , with which it is likely to have to share bodies .
it will not be as simple as that , but you will have got the idea : one of the most important aspects of the ‘ climate ’ in which a gene is favoured or disfavoured is the other genes that are already [many] in the population ; the other genes , therefore , with which it is likely to have to share bodies .

Interbedded in the usual deepish water black shale are numerous boulder beds , that have been variously interpreted as ordinary sedimentary conglomerates , as tectonic breccias , as deposits from melting ice and as rock falls from towering cliffs .
interbedded in the usual deepish water black shale are [many] boulder beds , that have been variously interpreted as ordinary sedimentary conglomerates , as tectonic breccias , as deposits from melting ice and as rock falls from towering cliffs .

Alternatively , it could mean that the sources were more numerous in the past , at the time that the radio waves left on their journey to us , than they are now .
alternatively , it could mean that the sources were more [many] in the past , at the time that the radio waves left on their journey to us , than they are now .

Its social and evangelistic outposts in numerous countries were staffed by many competent officers .
its social and evangelistic outposts in [many] countries were staffed by many competent officers .

It must have been a considerable advantage when faced with the numerous moves the children had to make in their formative years .
it must have been a considerable advantage when faced with the [many] moves the children had to make in their formative years .

Her appetite for life , boundless energy and numerous gifts and graces made her an all-round person .
her appetite for life , boundless energy and [many] gifts and graces made her an all-round person .

She had been held in high esteem by numerous people who all wanted to pay their respect .
she had been held in high esteem by [many] people who all wanted to pay their respect .

Besides the numerous examples recorded at Corbridge along the main east-west and north-south streets , and at Water Newton along Ermine Street and its side-streets , comparable structures have been identified at many other small towns including Alchester , Camerton , Hibaldstow , Sapperton and Sea Mills .
besides the [many] examples recorded at corbridge along the main east-west and north-south streets , and at water newton along ermine street and its side-streets , comparable structures have been identified at many other small towns including alchester , camerton , hibaldstow , sapperton and sea mills .

The numerous examples vary in importance and location .
the [many] examples vary in importance and location .

Numerous miscellaneous and less easily classified structures have therefore been omitted from the discussions .
[many] miscellaneous and less easily classified structures have therefore been omitted from the discussions .

Two other specialized functions , those of religion and industry , stand out from the mass and not surprisingly numerous settlements throughout the empire can be shown to have developed around important sanctuaries or centres of manufacturing and extraction .
two other specialized functions , those of religion and industry , stand out from the mass and not surprisingly [many] settlements throughout the empire can be shown to have developed around important sanctuaries or centres of manufacturing and extraction .

The example at Ribemont-sur-Ancre near Amiens extended over 800 m ( 2600 ft ) and contained , apart from the temple at the centre , a theatre , bath-house and numerous ancillary buildings .
the example at ribemont-sur-ancre near amiens extended over 800 m ( 2600 ft ) and contained , apart from the temple at the centre , a theatre , bath-house and [many] ancillary buildings .

It may also have acted as a service centre for the nearby imperial estate centred on Combe Down and for the numerous rich villas which grew up in the vicinity .
it may also have acted as a service centre for the nearby imperial estate centred on combe down and for the [many] rich villas which grew up in the vicinity .

The best example is Water Newton , set beside the River Nene , in an area which until recently supplied numerous brickworks .
the best example is water newton , set beside the river nene , in an area which until recently supplied [many] brickworks .

The town , known to have had the status of a vicus , is surrounded on all sides by numerous kiln sites and workshops which are everywhere interspersed with agricultural features and a number of substantial extra-mural houses or villas .
the town , known to have had the status of a vicus , is surrounded on all sides by [many] kiln sites and workshops which are everywhere interspersed with agricultural features and a number of substantial extra-mural houses or villas .

In contrast to Gaul and Germany , where there are numerous inscriptions referring to craftsmen , as well as several sculptured reliefs , hardly any relevant inscriptions , let alone sculptures , occur in Britain , and even they are usually divorced from the physical structures and work places .
in contrast to gaul and germany , where there are [many] inscriptions referring to craftsmen , as well as several sculptured reliefs , hardly any relevant inscriptions , let alone sculptures , occur in britain , and even they are usually divorced from the physical structures and work places .

The other , at Ashton , is the second-century strip building with a wide entrance , which has been identified as a blacksmith 's shop and contained five identifiable furnaces , a stone-lined quenching tank and numerous tools and completed metal objects .
the other , at ashton , is the second-century strip building with a wide entrance , which has been identified as a blacksmith 's shop and contained five identifiable furnaces , a stone-lined quenching tank and [many] tools and completed metal objects .

But wool was available to all classes of society , and there are numerous references in classical art and literature to its collection from thickets and hedges where sheep grazed .
but wool was available to all classes of society , and there are [many] references in classical art and literature to its collection from thickets and hedges where sheep grazed .

Aerial photographs have also suggested a second unexcavated fort to the north-east , between the Bearley Brook and the River Yeo , with a double-ditched enclosure c. 100 by 130 m ( 327 by 425 ft ) enclosing c. 1.3 ha ( 3.2 acres ) , while a third site is suggested by numerous military finds within the Iron-Age hillfort of Ham Hill c. 8 km ( 5 miles ) to the south-west .
aerial photographs have also suggested a second unexcavated fort to the north-east , between the bearley brook and the river yeo , with a double-ditched enclosure c. 100 by 130 m ( 327 by 425 ft ) enclosing c. 1.3 ha ( 3.2 acres ) , while a third site is suggested by [many] military finds within the iron-age hillfort of ham hill c. 8 km ( 5 miles ) to the south-west .

Antiquarian observers built up a picture of an important urban complex enclosed by a stone wall , within which traces of an irregular street system and numerous buildings were visible , some with evidence for tessellated pavements and painted wall plaster .
antiquarian observers built up a picture of an important urban complex enclosed by a stone wall , within which traces of an irregular street system and [many] buildings were visible , some with evidence for tessellated pavements and painted wall plaster .

Numerous buildings are recognizable within this developed street system , though detailed plans can rarely be drawn .
[many] buildings are recognizable within this developed street system , though detailed plans can rarely be drawn .

South of the river , above the flood plain , numerous side-streets and lanes run both obliquely and at right angles to the frontages , serving further densely occupied zones within the defended area which enclosed 18 ha ( 44 acres ) . Unfortunately their relative chronology remains uncertain , but many are linked by cross-streets which perhaps suggest three or possibly four broad stages of growth :
south of the river , above the flood plain , [many] side-streets and lanes run both obliquely and at right angles to the frontages , serving further densely occupied zones within the defended area which enclosed 18 ha ( 44 acres ) . unfortunately their relative chronology remains uncertain , but many are linked by cross-streets which perhaps suggest three or possibly four broad stages of growth :

North of the Billing Brook , further occupation including several side-streets flanked by buildings and numerous pottery kilns clearly overlies the redundant fort .
north of the billing brook , further occupation including several side-streets flanked by buildings and [many] pottery kilns clearly overlies the redundant fort .

Ermine Street still formed the principal axis , lined by numerous strip buildings and associated kilns and pits , but various roads and streets branched eastwards from it , serving further densely occupied land .
ermine street still formed the principal axis , lined by [many] strip buildings and associated kilns and pits , but various roads and streets branched eastwards from it , serving further densely occupied land .

Unfortunately , little is known about the function of the numerous strip buildings within the defences , though examples examined in the suburbs may well be comparable .
unfortunately , little is known about the function of the [many] strip buildings within the defences , though examples examined in the suburbs may well be comparable .

Numerous finds of statuettes include examples of Hercules , Ceres and Minerva , while a fragmentary inscription apparently dedicated to Mars was found west of the defences .
[many] finds of statuettes include examples of hercules , ceres and minerva , while a fragmentary inscription apparently dedicated to mars was found west of the defences .

Numerous other fragments of buildings , many of barn-like or shop-like forms , have been discovered in the suburbs , representing almost the entire Roman period from the lat e first century onwards .
[many] other fragments of buildings , many of barn-like or shop-like forms , have been discovered in the suburbs , representing almost the entire roman period from the lat e first century onwards .

The transactions between the parties must have been sufficiently numerous to constitute a ‘ course of dealing , ’
the transactions between the parties must have been sufficiently [many] to constitute a ‘ course of dealing , ’

Numerous people are involved in the moving process .
[many] people are involved in the moving process .

The Dorset-based training and business development company will train up to 25 youngsters in mechanical , electrical , electronic and welding skills from numerous companies throughout the region .
the dorset-based training and business development company will train up to 25 youngsters in mechanical , electrical , electronic and welding skills from [many] companies throughout the region .

It 's nice to see a keyboard bashing and mouse jerking game once in a while but this game lacks events and the numerous score board screens really frustrate me .
it 's nice to see a keyboard bashing and mouse jerking game once in a while but this game lacks events and the [many] score board screens really frustrate me .

Ultimately , you have control over your boxer 's weight , height , reach , skin colour , haircut , face , and numerous other considerations .
ultimately , you have control over your boxer 's weight , height , reach , skin colour , haircut , face , and [many] other considerations .

Against : Numerous commands that are difficult to remember .
against : [many] commands that are difficult to remember .

Add to this the numerous configuration options , hot key support for changing parameters once loaded and something called Staged Write , and you have a real winner .
add to this the [many] configuration options , hot key support for changing parameters once loaded and something called staged write , and you have a real winner .

Mr James said : ‘ There has always been numerous safety management regulations in engineering but until now the administration side of the business has largely been ignored .
mr james said : ‘ there has always been [many] safety management regulations in engineering but until now the administration side of the business has largely been ignored .

He has attended numerous meetings and social events , and has been involved in many projects .
he has attended [many] meetings and social events , and has been involved in many projects .

Whoever owned the cabin had wide-ranging interests — apart from several well-thumbed fishing journals and a variety of motoring magazines , there were numerous glossies that provided her with food for thought .
whoever owned the cabin had wide-ranging interests — apart from several well-thumbed fishing journals and a variety of motoring magazines , there were [many] glossies that provided her with food for thought .

Immediately it sprouted numerous legs and scrabbled for a purchase .
immediately it sprouted [many] legs and scrabbled for a purchase .

Rincewind knew himself to be almost certainly the worst wizard on the discworld since he knew but one spell ; yet for all that he was still a wizard , and thus by the inexorable laws of magic this meant that upon his demise it would be Death himself who appeared to claim him ( instead of sending one of his numerous servants , as is usually the case ) .
rincewind knew himself to be almost certainly the worst wizard on the discworld since he knew but one spell ; yet for all that he was still a wizard , and thus by the inexorable laws of magic this meant that upon his demise it would be death himself who appeared to claim him ( instead of sending one of his [many] servants , as is usually the case ) .

Her popularity and success — within the limits of an expanding middle class — was in part due to the numerous engravings she herself made , or that were made after her paintings with their moving subject matter drawn from Roman sources and from the history and literature of medieval and Renaissance Europe .
her popularity and success — within the limits of an expanding middle class — was in part due to the [many] engravings she herself made , or that were made after her paintings with their moving subject matter drawn from roman sources and from the history and literature of medieval and renaissance europe .

But , as numerous critics have pointed out , that a sitter is , or was once , present in front of the camera , tells us little about the shooting situation , the relationship between sitter and photographer , the equipment and techniques used .
but , as [many] critics have pointed out , that a sitter is , or was once , present in front of the camera , tells us little about the shooting situation , the relationship between sitter and photographer , the equipment and techniques used .

His story touches numerous key events : Pearl Harbor , the McCarthy hearings , the assassination of President Kennedy , the Civil Rights protests and Watergate among them .
his story touches [many] key events : pearl harbor , the mccarthy hearings , the assassination of president kennedy , the civil rights protests and watergate among them .

Numerous proprietary retrieval software packages are available incorporating classic full text retrieval features such as word adjacency and the use of Boolean search operators .
[many] proprietary retrieval software packages are available incorporating classic full text retrieval features such as word adjacency and the use of boolean search operators .

Even later in his career when he was drawing master to the Queen , and published a book of nonsense , a travel book , a volume of landscape drawings and numerous natural history illustrations , Lear made a profit of only £100 .
even later in his career when he was drawing master to the queen , and published a book of nonsense , a travel book , a volume of landscape drawings and [many] natural history illustrations , lear made a profit of only £100 .

And of course he was beset by orders and suggestions from other collectors : William Ogilby advised him to collect 6 or 8 specimens of every species , particularly the great red woolly kangaroo , which were in great demand not only in England but on the Continent as well ; Jardine asked for seeds as well as numerous other specified ‘ things in spirits ’ ; Thomas Campbell Eyton wanted as many petrels as Gould could capture for a monograph on the Procellaridae .
and of course he was beset by orders and suggestions from other collectors : william ogilby advised him to collect 6 or 8 specimens of every species , particularly the great red woolly kangaroo , which were in great demand not only in england but on the continent as well ; jardine asked for seeds as well as [many] other specified ‘ things in spirits ’ ; thomas campbell eyton wanted as many petrels as gould could capture for a monograph on the procellaridae .

His letter contained an account of all the birds he had seen : a common goatsucker that flew gracefully round and round the ship for an hour , although it had ‘ in all probability passed the night on the wing ’ ; a female yellow wagtail that alighted only for a moment ; numerous petrels , five of which he killed for himself , and one for use in Mr Yarrell 's work ( a History of British Birds ) ; a flight of swallows , and several small turtle doves , which ‘ visited the ship [ and ] went off again immediately ’ ; a kestrel which was killed ‘ from off the Rigging ’ ; a short-eared owl which flew on board during the night , was caught and kept alive for several days ; and hundreds of shearwaters , which surrounded the ship off Madeira and the Salvage Rocks .
his letter contained an account of all the birds he had seen : a common goatsucker that flew gracefully round and round the ship for an hour , although it had ‘ in all probability passed the night on the wing ’ ; a female yellow wagtail that alighted only for a moment ; [many] petrels , five of which he killed for himself , and one for use in mr yarrell 's work ( a history of british birds ) ; a flight of swallows , and several small turtle doves , which ‘ visited the ship [ and ] went off again immediately ’ ; a kestrel which was killed ‘ from off the rigging ’ ; a short-eared owl which flew on board during the night , was caught and kept alive for several days ; and hundreds of shearwaters , which surrounded the ship off madeira and the salvage rocks .

Species that were numerous around the boat and which were caught for a cursory examination only ’ were released again alive , ‘ the operation ’ , Gould maintained , giving ‘ not the least pain to the bird , the point of the hook merely taking hold in the horny and insensible tip of the beak .
species that were [many] around the boat and which were caught for a cursory examination only ’ were released again alive , ‘ the operation ’ , gould maintained , giving ‘ not the least pain to the bird , the point of the hook merely taking hold in the horny and insensible tip of the beak .

He ‘ caught numerous examples , marked and gave them their liberty , in order to ascertain whether the individuals which were flying round the ship at nightfall , were the same that were similarly engaged at daylight in the morning after a night 's run of 120 miles , and which in nearly every instance proved to be the case .
he ‘ caught [many] examples , marked and gave them their liberty , in order to ascertain whether the individuals which were flying round the ship at nightfall , were the same that were similarly engaged at daylight in the morning after a night 's run of 120 miles , and which in nearly every instance proved to be the case .

Altogether , during the outward voyage and the return passage around Cape Horn , Gould , as he described in his introduction to the Birds of Australia , ‘ was enabled to obtain nearly forty species of petrel , being the finest collection of Procellaridae ever brought together ’ , as well as examining and preserving numerous other species that came by chance to hand .
altogether , during the outward voyage and the return passage around cape horn , gould , as he described in his introduction to the birds of australia , ‘ was enabled to obtain nearly forty species of petrel , being the finest collection of procellaridae ever brought together ’ , as well as examining and preserving [many] other species that came by chance to hand .

‘ In the white man , the Black Swan finds an enemy so deadly , that in many parts where it was formerly numerous it has been almost , if not entirely , extirpated … One most destructive mode by which vast numbers are destroyed is that of chasing the birds in a boat at the time they shed their primary quill-feathers , when being unable to fly they are soon rowed down and captured ; this practice , which is to be much regretted , is usually resorted to for the sake of the beautiful down with which the breasts are clothed , but not unfrequently is mere wantonness .
‘ in the white man , the black swan finds an enemy so deadly , that in many parts where it was formerly [many] it has been almost , if not entirely , extirpated … one most destructive mode by which vast numbers are destroyed is that of chasing the birds in a boat at the time they shed their primary quill-feathers , when being unable to fly they are soon rowed down and captured ; this practice , which is to be much regretted , is usually resorted to for the sake of the beautiful down with which the breasts are clothed , but not unfrequently is mere wantonness .

And , thanks to Natty 's agile tree-climbing , Gould secured the eggs of numerous birds , including the rare whistling eagle and the spotted-sided finch .
and , thanks to natty 's agile tree-climbing , gould secured the eggs of [many] birds , including the rare whistling eagle and the spotted-sided finch .

Despite Hojjatoleslam Rafsanjani 's assurances that the object of Karbala No 5 was not Basrah , Iran had not quite abandoned all hope of taking it and made another attempt in April , again approaching by way of Fish Lake and claiming numerous Iraqi losses .
despite hojjatoleslam rafsanjani 's assurances that the object of karbala no 5 was not basrah , iran had not quite abandoned all hope of taking it and made another attempt in april , again approaching by way of fish lake and claiming [many] iraqi losses .

Today , there are numerous schemes and organisations dedicated to bringing art and artists into hospitals , including the Public Art Development Trust , the King 's Fund , Arts for Health — established by manchester 's pioneering Peter Senior in 1973 — and Sheridan Russell 's inspired Paintings in Hospitals scheme , started in 1960 .
today , there are [many] schemes and organisations dedicated to bringing art and artists into hospitals , including the public art development trust , the king 's fund , arts for health — established by manchester 's pioneering peter senior in 1973 — and sheridan russell 's inspired paintings in hospitals scheme , started in 1960 .

Despite a growing world market , competition remains fierce and will only intensify in the short term as new malting capacity is commissioned in numerous countries .
despite a growing world market , competition remains fierce and will only intensify in the short term as new malting capacity is commissioned in [many] countries .

The presentation of a pair of binoculars will help in pursuit of his hobby of aeroplane spotting at numerous airfields in the locality .
the presentation of a pair of binoculars will help in pursuit of his hobby of aeroplane spotting at [many] airfields in the locality .

Here the pre-Romanesque examples are not numerous and much of the work is Lombardic , in the north .
here the pre-romanesque examples are not [many] and much of the work is lombardic , in the north .

Those which have survived have , not unnaturally , been altered and added to in a greater or lesser degree and entirely Romanesque examples are not numerous .
those which have survived have , not unnaturally , been altered and added to in a greater or lesser degree and entirely romanesque examples are not [many] .

Few English cathedrals still have Norman vaults ; they either retain a timber roof as at Ely , or more commonly were re-vaulted in the Gothic period ; there are , however , numerous examples of Romanesque arcades supporting later vaults — a tribute to Norman constructional ability .
few english cathedrals still have norman vaults ; they either retain a timber roof as at ely , or more commonly were re-vaulted in the gothic period ; there are , however , [many] examples of romanesque arcades supporting later vaults — a tribute to norman constructional ability .

Norman work surviving among these is too numerous to list .
norman work surviving among these is too [many] to list .

At the same time , the window area was subdivided by more numerous stone ribs ; the horizontal transoms and the vertical mullions .
at the same time , the window area was subdivided by more [many] stone ribs ; the horizontal transoms and the vertical mullions .

Numerous chapels are set in or added to the walls but the chief area for this is the chevet .
[many] chapels are set in or added to the walls but the chief area for this is the chevet .

The hôtels which survive are not numerous and are the larger examples built by well-to-do merchants or church dignitaries .
the hôtels which survive are not [many] and are the larger examples built by well-to-do merchants or church dignitaries .

Most numerous surviving examples come from the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries .
most [many] surviving examples come from the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries .

This situation has arisen particularly in the expansion of the Negro population into white communities and has been the reason for numerous bombings and other types of violence .
this situation has arisen particularly in the expansion of the negro population into white communities and has been the reason for [many] bombings and other types of violence .

The ways in which honour is formed and assessed are numerous .
the ways in which honour is formed and assessed are [many] .

The database administrator has to think very carefully when setting up numerous lists as to whether their use will justify the overheads .
the database administrator has to think very carefully when setting up [many] lists as to whether their use will justify the overheads .

They are large and numerous and they contain islands that contain lakes that contain islands until the tatters of the coastline fray into the cold northern sea .
they are large and [many] and they contain islands that contain lakes that contain islands until the tatters of the coastline fray into the cold northern sea .

True , the number of stage coaches increased significantly as the century progressed and became even more numerous and faster in the early years of the nineteenth century , but their number hardly kept pace with a rising population .
true , the number of stage coaches increased significantly as the century progressed and became even more [many] and faster in the early years of the nineteenth century , but their number hardly kept pace with a rising population .

By 1800 wagon services were numerous enough in most parts of the country to be timetabled .
by 1800 wagon services were [many] enough in most parts of the country to be timetabled .

The literature of the classical approach is much more numerous .
the literature of the classical approach is much more [many] .

For plants there have been numerous papers on the relationship between growth indicators such as dry weight or leaf area and time .
for plants there have been [many] papers on the relationship between growth indicators such as dry weight or leaf area and time .

The case in which the reference levels are reset has been triggered on numerous occasions , as has the debugging version in which user action is required every measurement .
the case in which the reference levels are reset has been triggered on [many] occasions , as has the debugging version in which user action is required every measurement .

The forced reference reset can occur at this level , and has done on numerous occasions .
the forced reference reset can occur at this level , and has done on [many] occasions .

Numerous projects are based on question-answer dialogues and the development of natural language front-ends for databases .
[many] projects are based on question-answer dialogues and the development of natural language front-ends for databases .

The development of the compound tree offers numerous possibilities for a text recognition system .
the development of the compound tree offers [many] possibilities for a text recognition system .

There are numerous improvements that can be made to the system .
there are [many] improvements that can be made to the system .

She eventually found the River Boyne , which , according to the map , ran near Slane — which was probably a lie , she decided after making numerous unlooked-for detours because the map did n't seem to bear any relation to the roads , which did n't seem to be signposted — except for one that explained where the famous battle had taken place .
she eventually found the river boyne , which , according to the map , ran near slane — which was probably a lie , she decided after making [many] unlooked-for detours because the map did n't seem to bear any relation to the roads , which did n't seem to be signposted — except for one that explained where the famous battle had taken place .

‘ Where 's Terry ? ’ he demanded as he expertly spooned instant coffee into numerous cups .
‘ where 's terry ? ’ he demanded as he expertly spooned instant coffee into [many] cups .

He has a great deal of land , his fingers in numerous profit-making pies , owns racehorses — and , of course , the added bonus of being extremely attractive to women .
he has a great deal of land , his fingers in [many] profit-making pies , owns racehorses — and , of course , the added bonus of being extremely attractive to women .

But she coupled her playwriting and stories with a serious interest in anthropology , and made numerous field trips to the Caribbean .
but she coupled her playwriting and stories with a serious interest in anthropology , and made [many] field trips to the caribbean .

The book is consistently thought-provoking and written with one eye firmly fixed on the reader 's attention span : each chapter has a different theme and has numerous subsections , each with its own headline .
the book is consistently thought-provoking and written with one eye firmly fixed on the reader 's attention span : each chapter has a different theme and has [many] subsections , each with its own headline .

‘ Money taxes were introduced on numerous items — cattle , land , houses and people themselves ’ , writes Walter Rodney about Africa .
‘ money taxes were introduced on [many] items — cattle , land , houses and people themselves ’ , writes walter rodney about africa .

My right hon. Friend will agree that those questions must be answered and that we have to get to the very heart of the scandal to ensure that it should not happen again , not only in Leicestershire but elsewhere , and those responsible for the cover-up are made to realise what they have done and the subsequent effect it has had on numerous children .
my right hon. friend will agree that those questions must be answered and that we have to get to the very heart of the scandal to ensure that it should not happen again , not only in leicestershire but elsewhere , and those responsible for the cover-up are made to realise what they have done and the subsequent effect it has had on [many] children .

Sussex Members and others have received strong representations from the governors and head teachers of numerous schools expressing great concern that inspections should take place only once every four years .
sussex members and others have received strong representations from the governors and head teachers of [many] schools expressing great concern that inspections should take place only once every four years .

Numerous questions have been asked in the House about the police national computer , but to my knowledge this is the first opportunity we have had in recent times to discuss wider issues .
[many] questions have been asked in the house about the police national computer , but to my knowledge this is the first opportunity we have had in recent times to discuss wider issues .

He owed money to numerous tradesmen , here and in London .
he owed money to [many] tradesmen , here and in london .

She turned in , then felt her nerves flutter as she drew up before a timber-built single-storeyed house which was backed by several small chalet-type huts , while behind them were numerous sheds .
she turned in , then felt her nerves flutter as she drew up before a timber-built single-storeyed house which was backed by several small chalet-type huts , while behind them were [many] sheds .

It was unlikely , because there were numerous Telfords in the phone book , and in any case it was something she 'd have to risk .
it was unlikely , because there were [many] telfords in the phone book , and in any case it was something she 'd have to risk .

If you go in there and stay perfectly still you 'll see numerous varieties — and if you can make it before daylight you 'll be almost deafened by a dawn chorus .
if you go in there and stay perfectly still you 'll see [many] varieties — and if you can make it before daylight you 'll be almost deafened by a dawn chorus .

Apart from the inevitable sausages , there were numerous chicken pieces , lamb chops and cubed steak on skewers .
apart from the inevitable sausages , there were [many] chicken pieces , lamb chops and cubed steak on skewers .

In her bedroom she buried her face in the pillow while numerous sobs escaped her , shaking her slim body uncontrollably .
in her bedroom she buried her face in the pillow while [many] sobs escaped her , shaking her slim body uncontrollably .

She had been descending the stairs when she 'd slipped and had fallen down numerous steps .
she had been descending the stairs when she 'd slipped and had fallen down [many] steps .

The bell to announce the visiting hour had already been rung by the time they reached the hospital , and , after walking along corridors in the company of numerous people who carried flowers and parcels , they found themselves in a ward filled with beds and patients .
the bell to announce the visiting hour had already been rung by the time they reached the hospital , and , after walking along corridors in the company of [many] people who carried flowers and parcels , they found themselves in a ward filled with beds and patients .

We had numerous written and oral representations from hon .
we had [many] written and oral representations from hon .

We had numerous meetings with the provisional liquidator , Christopher Morris ; the majority shareholders ' solicitors , Simmonds and Simmonds ; and the restructuring advisers , Schroder Wagg .
we had [many] meetings with the provisional liquidator , christopher morris ; the majority shareholders ' solicitors , simmonds and simmonds ; and the restructuring advisers , schroder wagg .

This anger and fear about Old English degeneracy was a common complaint among numerous New English settlers .
this anger and fear about old english degeneracy was a common complaint among [many] new english settlers .

As numerous commentators have pointed out , the ‘ castle ’ appears to share many of the same physical features as Spenser himself .
as [many] commentators have pointed out , the ‘ castle ’ appears to share many of the same physical features as spenser himself .

With Renaissance drama it is more accurate to talk of numerous plays called Doctor Faustus or King Lear or Hamlet , a number of differing versions circulating at almost identical times .
with renaissance drama it is more accurate to talk of [many] plays called doctor faustus or king lear or hamlet , a number of differing versions circulating at almost identical times .

There were also numerous local specialities on sale including pâté de foie gras , and tins of confit — goose and duck preserved in their own fat , and the famous walnut liqueur , while a small art gallery offered original oil-paintings and water-colours , including views of Monpazier itself .
there were also [many] local specialities on sale including pâté de foie gras , and tins of confit — goose and duck preserved in their own fat , and the famous walnut liqueur , while a small art gallery offered original oil-paintings and water-colours , including views of monpazier itself .

It should be remembered that there were numerous Industrial Private Stations and Workmen 's Halts .
it should be remembered that there were [many] industrial private stations and workmen 's halts .

Leaving aside the numerous examples of the rise and fall of parties over the past century , there are many instances of change even in the relatively short period of time since the end of the Second World War .
leaving aside the [many] examples of the rise and fall of parties over the past century , there are many instances of change even in the relatively short period of time since the end of the second world war .

In many societies , but more particularly in modern societies , there are numerous different centres of political thought and experience : educational institutions of various types ; party organizations ( including party schools and research institutes ) ; the mass media ; more or less official ‘ think tanks ’ ; the central offices of trade unions and employers ' associations ; international agencies ; and a considerable number of private associations devoted to political research and education , some of which have grown out of social movements and remain more or less closely connected with them .
in many societies , but more particularly in modern societies , there are [many] different centres of political thought and experience : educational institutions of various types ; party organizations ( including party schools and research institutes ) ; the mass media ; more or less official ‘ think tanks ’ ; the central offices of trade unions and employers ' associations ; international agencies ; and a considerable number of private associations devoted to political research and education , some of which have grown out of social movements and remain more or less closely connected with them .

Now Benjamin had unmasked many a killer and brought numerous murderers to boot .
now benjamin had unmasked many a killer and brought [many] murderers to boot .

Numerous , clearly identifiable stages of cementation in a sediment are evidence of changes in pore water chemistry and saturation states , even if all the precipitated phases are of a single mineralogy ( e.g .
[many] , clearly identifiable stages of cementation in a sediment are evidence of changes in pore water chemistry and saturation states , even if all the precipitated phases are of a single mineralogy ( e.g .

In this sense they function as ‘ banks ’ even though , as we shall see later in this section , they differ in numerous respects .
in this sense they function as ‘ banks ’ even though , as we shall see later in this section , they differ in [many] respects .

We have referred to the activities of building societies on numerous occasions already .
we have referred to the activities of building societies on [many] occasions already .

Societies responded with numerous innovations .
societies responded with [many] innovations .

However , in the short run , numerous factors may operate to cause changes in supply .
however , in the short run , [many] factors may operate to cause changes in supply .

But the existence of numerous alternative markets for short-term funds means the opportunity for intervention may be subject to a time-lag .
but the existence of [many] alternative markets for short-term funds means the opportunity for intervention may be subject to a time-lag .

Education in the United Kingdom is characterised by numerous inequalities in achievement and provision , not only between individuals but also between social groups and categories .
education in the united kingdom is characterised by [many] inequalities in achievement and provision , not only between individuals but also between social groups and categories .

Analyses of the working of the balance of power , whether continental or colonial , became increasingly numerous and elaborate in the eighteenth century .
analyses of the working of the balance of power , whether continental or colonial , became increasingly [many] and elaborate in the eighteenth century .

There are numerous pressures on them which manifest themselves in a variety of ways within the classroom setting .
there are [many] pressures on them which manifest themselves in a variety of ways within the classroom setting .

Bakers are numerous , but their ovens are unlike our own and very defective .
bakers are [many] , but their ovens are unlike our own and very defective .

On the day before the marriage , the preliminary ceremony of hina-bandi was held : ‘ Numerous fireworks were ignited along the banks of the Jumna … and the vast number of candles , lamps , torches and lanterns [ that were lit made ] the surface of the earth rival the starry expanses of heaven .
on the day before the marriage , the preliminary ceremony of hina-bandi was held : ‘ [many] fireworks were ignited along the banks of the jumna … and the vast number of candles , lamps , torches and lanterns [ that were lit made ] the surface of the earth rival the starry expanses of heaven .

‘ There are great monasteries , large open spaces , and numerous baths .
‘ there are great monasteries , large open spaces , and [many] baths .

Numerous similar enquiries into the structure of response and how it might be developed have been recorded elsewhere ( Osbourn , 1988 ) .
[many] similar enquiries into the structure of response and how it might be developed have been recorded elsewhere ( osbourn , 1988 ) .

They picked their way carefully over the leads of numerous labradors , terriers and springers anchored with more or less acquiescence , to bits of their owners ' persons .
they picked their way carefully over the leads of [many] labradors , terriers and springers anchored with more or less acquiescence , to bits of their owners ' persons .

Glanville Jones cites a number of examples where scattered farmsteads existed in extensive temporary grazing in mountains and marshland , and where forest areas were shared between numerous vills .
glanville jones cites a number of examples where scattered farmsteads existed in extensive temporary grazing in mountains and marshland , and where forest areas were shared between [many] vills .

Along the crest of the ridge , the parish boundaries run between these earlier sites following one of the numerous Grims ditches , a bank and ditch of probable late prehistoric date .
along the crest of the ridge , the parish boundaries run between these earlier sites following one of the [many] grims ditches , a bank and ditch of probable late prehistoric date .

Indeed , in the pre-Conquest period , coins were produced at numerous mints to facilitate the transactions carried out at such centres .
indeed , in the pre-conquest period , coins were produced at [many] mints to facilitate the transactions carried out at such centres .

It consisted of a line of timber post-built ‘ halls ’ and numerous sunken-floored buildings ; there is no formal plan and little can be seen of streets or boundaries .
it consisted of a line of timber post-built ‘ halls ’ and [many] sunken-floored buildings ; there is no formal plan and little can be seen of streets or boundaries .

Numerous small groups of farms , isolated farmsteads on their own land , cottages and roadside settlements predominate .
[many] small groups of farms , isolated farmsteads on their own land , cottages and roadside settlements predominate .

It is clear , then , from these examples and others in Yorkshire and Norfolk , where numerous towns and villages have disappeared , that , following coastal erosion by the sea and extensive silting of estuaries and shallow coastal areas , the context of many sites is now very different .
it is clear , then , from these examples and others in yorkshire and norfolk , where [many] towns and villages have disappeared , that , following coastal erosion by the sea and extensive silting of estuaries and shallow coastal areas , the context of many sites is now very different .

Other field crops included peas and beans before the sixteenth to seventeenth centuries and , later on , numerous new introductions , some of which would have been grown earlier as garden produce but which were grown on a larger scale from the seventeenth and particularly eighteenth centuries .
other field crops included peas and beans before the sixteenth to seventeenth centuries and , later on , [many] new introductions , some of which would have been grown earlier as garden produce but which were grown on a larger scale from the seventeenth and particularly eighteenth centuries .

Although large areas of ridge and furrow and numerous previously unrecorded field monuments were discovered , little of definite pre-Norman date could be indicated .
although large areas of ridge and furrow and [many] previously unrecorded field monuments were discovered , little of definite pre-norman date could be indicated .

His frantic re-reading of Dickens had revealed numerous mentions of grog .
his frantic re-reading of dickens had revealed [many] mentions of grog .

The Prince politely shook hands with six Peggottys , two Betsy Trotwoods , eight Mr Pecksniffs , seven Mr Fezziwigs , eight Mrs Fezziwigs , two Doras , a couple of Little Dorrits , two Miss Flites , a villainous gentleman who announced he was the convict Magwitch , and numerous other Lionisers too nervous to announce their identities .
the prince politely shook hands with six peggottys , two betsy trotwoods , eight mr pecksniffs , seven mr fezziwigs , eight mrs fezziwigs , two doras , a couple of little dorrits , two miss flites , a villainous gentleman who announced he was the convict magwitch , and [many] other lionisers too nervous to announce their identities .

‘ Magnificent , ’ repeated Samuel in his own person , ducking one of the numerous pigeons that had proprietary rights in the pink dianthus-covered walls .
‘ magnificent , ’ repeated samuel in his own person , ducking one of the [many] pigeons that had proprietary rights in the pink dianthus-covered walls .

After 5 days in Rotorua we went south to Taupo , a disappointing touristy place except for a lovely walk to the Huka Falls beside the crystal-clear , swirling waters of the Waikato River , and a visit to Cherry Island ( in the river ) where you are warmly greeted by numerous tame animals and birds as you roam around .
after 5 days in rotorua we went south to taupo , a disappointing touristy place except for a lovely walk to the huka falls beside the crystal-clear , swirling waters of the waikato river , and a visit to cherry island ( in the river ) where you are warmly greeted by [many] tame animals and birds as you roam around .

The evidence from Charles the Bald 's reign is surprisingly clear : he could and did intervene thus — on numerous occasions and in counties that were vitally important politically and militarily .
the evidence from charles the bald 's reign is surprisingly clear : he could and did intervene thus — on [many] occasions and in counties that were vitally important politically and militarily .

The Carolingian Empire in 823 was at its furthest extent , and Louis the Pious had numerous palaces in his Frankish heartlands .
the carolingian empire in 823 was at its furthest extent , and louis the pious had [many] palaces in his frankish heartlands .

There have been numerous accidents and near-misses on the blind bends .
there have been [many] accidents and near-misses on the blind bends .

The windows of the Methodist Church adjoining the playing field have been broken numerous times .
the windows of the methodist church adjoining the playing field have been broken [many] times .

Two hundred and fifty hours later , after fitting an alarm and the full system over numerous late nights , early mornings and long weekends we drove the finished product out of the garage at 3.00am on Saturday 5 September , yes four hours before we had to register at Wembley .
two hundred and fifty hours later , after fitting an alarm and the full system over [many] late nights , early mornings and long weekends we drove the finished product out of the garage at 3.00am on saturday 5 september , yes four hours before we had to register at wembley .

And thirdly his speed of play was fast and natural , whereas Timman found himself in time trouble on numerous occasions .
and thirdly his speed of play was fast and natural , whereas timman found himself in time trouble on [many] occasions .

Don Juan asserted confidently that he had the firm support of numerous followers .
don juan asserted confidently that he had the firm support of [many] followers .

For example , on 22 September 1939 the Department of Health for Scotland Advisory Committee on Evacuation noted that ‘ the Billeting Appeal Tribunal in Perth had numerous appeals supported by medical certificates to the effect that the health of the householder would be injured by the presence of evacuees in the home ’ .
for example , on 22 september 1939 the department of health for scotland advisory committee on evacuation noted that ‘ the billeting appeal tribunal in perth had [many] appeals supported by medical certificates to the effect that the health of the householder would be injured by the presence of evacuees in the home ’ .

In her interesting and vivid description of the first wave Marjorie Cosens quoted numerous testimonies by teachers to this effect , and some of them even wrote to the Board of Education .
in her interesting and vivid description of the first wave marjorie cosens quoted [many] testimonies by teachers to this effect , and some of them even wrote to the board of education .

Although there is to the author 's knowledge no previous research which has investigated relationships between subjective risk when driving and subsequent memory for driving situations , there have been numerous studies which consider the influences on memory of constructs such as mood , arousal or stress .
although there is to the author 's knowledge no previous research which has investigated relationships between subjective risk when driving and subsequent memory for driving situations , there have been [many] studies which consider the influences on memory of constructs such as mood , arousal or stress .

Duffy , 1962 ; Lindsley , 1951 ; Malmo , 1959 ) , however , it has since become clear that the numerous physiological measures which have been taken as different indices of arousal are in fact not highly correlated ( Cattell , 1972 ) .
duffy , 1962 ; lindsley , 1951 ; malmo , 1959 ) , however , it has since become clear that the [many] physiological measures which have been taken as different indices of arousal are in fact not highly correlated ( cattell , 1972 ) .

If Deffenbacher is correct in his conclusion that effective arousal manipulations result in an impairment of memory , how is it possible for Heuer and Reisberg ( 1990 ) to conclude just the opposite , both from their experimental results and a review of previous research ? Although it can be argued that the arousal manipulation in their particular study could be operating on the lower portion of the curve , it does appear that numerous studies on vivid and flashbulb memories have suggested that highly emotionally arousing life events are remembered in surprising detail over very considerable retention intervals .
if deffenbacher is correct in his conclusion that effective arousal manipulations result in an impairment of memory , how is it possible for heuer and reisberg ( 1990 ) to conclude just the opposite , both from their experimental results and a review of previous research ? although it can be argued that the arousal manipulation in their particular study could be operating on the lower portion of the curve , it does appear that [many] studies on vivid and flashbulb memories have suggested that highly emotionally arousing life events are remembered in surprising detail over very considerable retention intervals .

Notable among these is the fact that the mismatch of range is even greater than in the case of the prenominal adjectives ; it is true that one can usually expand a postnominal adjective to a relative clause containing be , though we should certainly note cases like : ( 31 ) he is dreaming of the whisky which will be galore with her arms which were akimbo she stared at Victor food which is aplenty is on sale in the end tent however , there is not the slightest difficulty about producing numerous examples where the relative clause with be is fully satisfactory but can not be reduced to a grammatical postnominal adjective .
notable among these is the fact that the mismatch of range is even greater than in the case of the prenominal adjectives ; it is true that one can usually expand a postnominal adjective to a relative clause containing be , though we should certainly note cases like : ( 31 ) he is dreaming of the whisky which will be galore with her arms which were akimbo she stared at victor food which is aplenty is on sale in the end tent however , there is not the slightest difficulty about producing [many] examples where the relative clause with be is fully satisfactory but can not be reduced to a grammatical postnominal adjective .

There is of course no need to be unduly alarmed at these discrepancies ; we should reflect that any normal language presents numerous instances where certain recalcitrant items refuse to fit into a generally acceptable pattern ( e.g. for no very obvious reason the " expected " adverbs difficultly and longly are not accepted in English and have to be replaced by the phrases with difficulty and for a long time . )
there is of course no need to be unduly alarmed at these discrepancies ; we should reflect that any normal language presents [many] instances where certain recalcitrant items refuse to fit into a generally acceptable pattern ( e.g. for no very obvious reason the " expected " adverbs difficultly and longly are not accepted in english and have to be replaced by the phrases with difficulty and for a long time . )

Decretal letters , in answer to queries about particular legal points , came to be the major source of declaration during the twelfth century , more numerous than the decrees of councils but not so easily disseminated for use .
decretal letters , in answer to queries about particular legal points , came to be the major source of declaration during the twelfth century , more [many] than the decrees of councils but not so easily disseminated for use .

These additions were first added to working copies of the Decretum in the 1150s and 1160s , but by the 1170s they had become far too numerous and had to be placed in separate books .
these additions were first added to working copies of the decretum in the 1150s and 1160s , but by the 1170s they had become far too [many] and had to be placed in separate books .

Examples of simoniacal practices ( and numerous mandates to deal with the problem ) abound in the papal registers .
examples of simoniacal practices ( and [many] mandates to deal with the problem ) abound in the papal registers .

The dry docks and shipbuilding yards were extremely busy providing the facilities for the repair and refit of ships damaged by enemy action and the production of new tonnage to take the place of numerous losses .
the dry docks and shipbuilding yards were extremely busy providing the facilities for the repair and refit of ships damaged by enemy action and the production of new tonnage to take the place of [many] losses .

Numerous other companies were attracted to the port by the increased activities in the North Sea .
[many] other companies were attracted to the port by the increased activities in the north sea .

Numerous hardline candidates reportedly failed to secure election as representatives to the 14th party congress .
[many] hardline candidates reportedly failed to secure election as representatives to the 14th party congress .

The cremation was attended by numerous foreign leaders including the Prime Ministers of Pakistan , Sri Lanka and Nepal .
the cremation was attended by [many] foreign leaders including the prime ministers of pakistan , sri lanka and nepal .

The report cited numerous examples of arbitrary arrest , torture and extra-judicial killing and called on Indian politicians to use the general election of May and June to commit themselves to ending seven years of `` rampant human rights abuses `` in the state .
the report cited [many] examples of arbitrary arrest , torture and extra-judicial killing and called on indian politicians to use the general election of may and june to commit themselves to ending seven years of `` rampant human rights abuses `` in the state .

Throughout the year numerous former senior figures within failed thrifts were indicted .
throughout the year [many] former senior figures within failed thrifts were indicted .

Bush strongly backed the measure , passed by Congress on June 13 , despite objections from some business groups that it would lead to numerous law suits .
bush strongly backed the measure , passed by congress on june 13 , despite objections from some business groups that it would lead to [many] law suits .

In the aftermath of the July 1989 Supreme Court decision undermining the 1973 landmark judgment Roe v. Wade ( the foundation of legalized abortion ) , numerous bills were introduced in more than 40 state legislatures , the majority of which were designed to restrict the availability of abortion [ see pp .
in the aftermath of the july 1989 supreme court decision undermining the 1973 landmark judgment roe v. wade ( the foundation of legalized abortion ) , [many] bills were introduced in more than 40 state legislatures , the majority of which were designed to restrict the availability of abortion [ see pp .

Since 1986 numerous political parties have been established in Haiti spanning the entire political spectrum .
since 1986 [many] political parties have been established in haiti spanning the entire political spectrum .

This included an increased degree of autonomy for Quebec ( and any of the other provinces which sought it ) through the proposed transfer of numerous powers and areas of responsibility from the federal to the provincial sphere of government .
this included an increased degree of autonomy for quebec ( and any of the other provinces which sought it ) through the proposed transfer of [many] powers and areas of responsibility from the federal to the provincial sphere of government .

Numerous Polisario members were said by Moroccan sources to have similarly defected after the appeal by King Hassan of Morocco in November 1988 for all Polisario members with `` good intentions `` to go to Morocco as their `` clement and forgiving … homeland `` .
[many] polisario members were said by moroccan sources to have similarly defected after the appeal by king hassan of morocco in november 1988 for all polisario members with `` good intentions `` to go to morocco as their `` clement and forgiving … homeland `` .

Thereafter , as Chief of Staff under the new government and then Defence Secretary , Ramos had given unswerving loyalty to Aquino , the single most important factor in enabling her to defeat numerous coup attempts .
thereafter , as chief of staff under the new government and then defence secretary , ramos had given unswerving loyalty to aquino , the single most important factor in enabling her to defeat [many] coup attempts .

Opposition sources claimed that police had wounded and killed numerous protestors during anti-government riots in the northern city of Tabriz on Aug. 15 .
opposition sources claimed that police had wounded and killed [many] protestors during anti-government riots in the northern city of tabriz on aug. 15 .

Simmering personal animosity between Bush and Perot also flared into life in June as a result of claims that Perot had employed a team of investigators to scrutinize the private lives of numerous public figures , including the President and members of his family .
simmering personal animosity between bush and perot also flared into life in june as a result of claims that perot had employed a team of investigators to scrutinize the private lives of [many] public figures , including the president and members of his family .

Shelling had been reported on both sides in early June and Azerbaijan claimed numerous Armenian attacks on Nakhichevan and the border regions .
shelling had been reported on both sides in early june and azerbaijan claimed [many] armenian attacks on nakhichevan and the border regions .

Similar incidents also took place in other Saxony towns and in western Germany at the end of September , and there were numerous arrests and injuries .
similar incidents also took place in other saxony towns and in western germany at the end of september , and there were [many] arrests and injuries .

In the aftermath of the failed August coup in the Soviet Union there had been numerous demands and demonstrations in support of a ban on communist activities in Romania .
in the aftermath of the failed august coup in the soviet union there had been [many] demands and demonstrations in support of a ban on communist activities in romania .

Numerous new parties were formed in 1990/1991 .
[many] new parties were formed in 1990/1991 .

However , in addition to the mining ban , it was understood to cover the protection of the marine environment , the disposal of waste from the numerous research stations in the area , and the preservation of fauna and flora .
however , in addition to the mining ban , it was understood to cover the protection of the marine environment , the disposal of waste from the [many] research stations in the area , and the preservation of fauna and flora .

One policeman and a civilian were wounded , and there were numerous arrests .
one policeman and a civilian were wounded , and there were [many] arrests .

Language : French ( official ) ; numerous indigenous languages .
language : french ( official ) ; [many] indigenous languages .

Ramos , 63 , a former chief of staff , had played a critical role both in enabling Aquino to take office in 1986 — by deposing her predecessor , Ferdinand Marcos — and in crushing the numerous military rebellions which had been launched against her administration .
ramos , 63 , a former chief of staff , had played a critical role both in enabling aquino to take office in 1986 — by deposing her predecessor , ferdinand marcos — and in crushing the [many] military rebellions which had been launched against her administration .

Numerous cases of arbitrary detention , often without trial , were recorded in Israel and the Israeli-occupied territories where an estimated 25,000 Palestinians had been arrested since the start of the intifada , including 4,000 without charge or trial .
[many] cases of arbitrary detention , often without trial , were recorded in israel and the israeli-occupied territories where an estimated 25,000 palestinians had been arrested since the start of the intifada , including 4,000 without charge or trial .

There were numerous arrests and injuries , as well as unconfirmed stories of killings .
there were [many] arrests and injuries , as well as unconfirmed stories of killings .

Throughout March the conflict continued unabated , with numerous gun battles being reported in the besieged regional capital , Tskhinvali , and surrounding villages .
throughout march the conflict continued unabated , with [many] gun battles being reported in the besieged regional capital , tskhinvali , and surrounding villages .

In numerous communiqués issued on Oct. 16 , many of Algeria 's over 40 opposition parties expressed dissatisfaction with the electoral laws as passed , but indicated that they would participate in the December election .
in [many] communiqués issued on oct. 16 , many of algeria 's over 40 opposition parties expressed dissatisfaction with the electoral laws as passed , but indicated that they would participate in the december election .

Substantial doubts had been raised by the difficultly of Coleman 's having committed the crime in the short space of time for which he had no alibi on the night of the murder , and by numerous statements gathered after the trial attesting that another resident of the small town of Grundy had boasted of having committed the crime .
substantial doubts had been raised by the difficultly of coleman 's having committed the crime in the short space of time for which he had no alibi on the night of the murder , and by [many] statements gathered after the trial attesting that another resident of the small town of grundy had boasted of having committed the crime .

Thereafter , as Chief of Staff under the new government and then Defence Secretary , his unswerving loyalty was the single most important factor in Aquino 's defeat of the numerous coup attempts against her .
thereafter , as chief of staff under the new government and then defence secretary , his unswerving loyalty was the single most important factor in aquino 's defeat of the [many] coup attempts against her .

The report also stated that there were longstanding moves to purchase at least three 400-600-megawatt reactors from the former Soviet Union , but that these had been subject to numerous delays .
the report also stated that there were longstanding moves to purchase at least three 400-600-megawatt reactors from the former soviet union , but that these had been subject to [many] delays .

Miyazawa had been forced to resign as Finance Minister in December 1988 [ see p. 38558 ] after appearing to mislead the Diet over his involvement in a scandal which had involved numerous senior Japanese figures receiving cheap unlisted shares in Recruit-Cosmos , a real-estate company .
miyazawa had been forced to resign as finance minister in december 1988 [ see p. 38558 ] after appearing to mislead the diet over his involvement in a scandal which had involved [many] senior japanese figures receiving cheap unlisted shares in recruit-cosmos , a real-estate company .

The Kaifu government had recently suffered a series of political humiliations , culminating in a major financial scandal and the forced retraction of numerous political reform proposals [ see pp .
the kaifu government had recently suffered a series of political humiliations , culminating in a major financial scandal and the forced retraction of [many] political reform proposals [ see pp .

Numerous Cabinet changes occurred at the height of the political unrest in Nepal in late March and April 1990 [ see p. 37362 ] .
[many] cabinet changes occurred at the height of the political unrest in nepal in late march and april 1990 [ see p. 37362 ] .

The export-led economic boom generated numerous problems , made worse by an inadequate infrastructure .
the export-led economic boom generated [many] problems , made worse by an inadequate infrastructure .

Numerous political appointees and civil servants were also replaced by friends and relations of Lini , whom he considered to be more loyal .
[many] political appointees and civil servants were also replaced by friends and relations of lini , whom he considered to be more loyal .

The letter accused Pinochet of joint responsibility in numerous cases of disappeared persons during the years of military dictatorship , and of complicity in a current military financial scandal popularly known as La Cutufa .
the letter accused pinochet of joint responsibility in [many] cases of disappeared persons during the years of military dictatorship , and of complicity in a current military financial scandal popularly known as la cutufa .

Taking note of the great suffering caused by the Second World War , `` particularly the loss of their homes suffered by numerous Germans and Poles due to expulsion or resettlement `` , the treaty confirmed that the Polish-German border , as determined by the July 1950 agreement between Poland and East Germany , by later implementing agreements ( of January 1951 and May 1989 ) and by the December 1970 Warsaw Treaty , was inviolable .
taking note of the great suffering caused by the second world war , `` particularly the loss of their homes suffered by [many] germans and poles due to expulsion or resettlement `` , the treaty confirmed that the polish-german border , as determined by the july 1950 agreement between poland and east germany , by later implementing agreements ( of january 1951 and may 1989 ) and by the december 1970 warsaw treaty , was inviolable .

By the following day there were reports of numerous deaths and arson attacks on Hindu and Moslem religious shrines across India despite strict security arrangements in most states .
by the following day there were reports of [many] deaths and arson attacks on hindu and moslem religious shrines across india despite strict security arrangements in most states .

Yet , in spite of numerous official appeals on the media to vote , there was a high abstention rate , estimated at some 45 per cent .
yet , in spite of [many] official appeals on the media to vote , there was a high abstention rate , estimated at some 45 per cent .

Numerous opposition legislators denounced the decision and stated that they would appeal against it .
[many] opposition legislators denounced the decision and stated that they would appeal against it .

The Council was attended by 1,335 members , including 959 elected from the country 's 29 provinces and numerous appointees .
the council was attended by 1,335 members , including 959 elected from the country 's 29 provinces and [many] appointees .

By late March the focus of the campaign was New York , where Clinton suffered further personal attacks from Brown and was also forced to endure numerous allegations from the press concerning his record as Governor of Arkansas .
by late march the focus of the campaign was new york , where clinton suffered further personal attacks from brown and was also forced to endure [many] allegations from the press concerning his record as governor of arkansas .

The newly established conservative majority on the Supreme Court had undermined Roe in 1989 [ see p. 36809 ] , since when numerous pieces of legislation had been enacted in individual states to restrict or eliminate access to abortions .
the newly established conservative majority on the supreme court had undermined roe in 1989 [ see p. 36809 ] , since when [many] pieces of legislation had been enacted in individual states to restrict or eliminate access to abortions .

The agreement provided for a pool of $ 1,300 million to be divided between Drexel 's numerous creditors .
the agreement provided for a pool of $ 1,300 million to be divided between drexel 's [many] creditors .

In the weeks leading up to the elections , there had been numerous scenes of near-anarchy as food was looted from factories and warehouses and robbers held up cars on country roads .
in the weeks leading up to the elections , there had been [many] scenes of near-anarchy as food was looted from factories and warehouses and robbers held up cars on country roads .

Although some pieces of legislation were passed in its final days , including numerous appropriations bills , several measures were killed by Republican filibustering .
although some pieces of legislation were passed in its final days , including [many] appropriations bills , several measures were killed by republican filibustering .

Itar-Tass news agency said on Sept. 27 that Armenian forces had continued shelling Azerbaijani positions along the whole front line that day ; there were numerous but seemingly unreliable claims of casualties .
itar-tass news agency said on sept. 27 that armenian forces had continued shelling azerbaijani positions along the whole front line that day ; there were [many] but seemingly unreliable claims of casualties .

The disclosure came 211 days after the General Accounting Office had issued its initial report on the numerous unauthorized overdrafts run up by members of the House .
the disclosure came 211 days after the general accounting office had issued its initial report on the [many] unauthorized overdrafts run up by members of the house .

The disclosure of the lists was also accompanied by numerous complaints .
the disclosure of the lists was also accompanied by [many] complaints .

Roe v. Wade had already been weakened by the 1989 Webster v. Reproductive Services ruling [ see pp. 36809-10 ] , which had allowed individual states greater latitude in restricting access to abortion . Among the numerous pieces of legislation which followed was a law passed in Pennsylvania [ see pp. 38714-15 ; see also below ] ; its five key provisions
roe v. wade had already been weakened by the 1989 webster v. reproductive services ruling [ see pp. 36809-10 ] , which had allowed individual states greater latitude in restricting access to abortion . among the [many] pieces of legislation which followed was a law passed in pennsylvania [ see pp. 38714-15 ; see also below ] ; its five key provisions

Numerous politicians and government officials visited Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia including Michel Vauzelle , head of the foreign affairs committee of the National Assembly ( French lower house of parliament ) who had visited Iraq in January [ see p. 37934 ] .
[many] politicians and government officials visited algeria , morocco and tunisia including michel vauzelle , head of the foreign affairs committee of the national assembly ( french lower house of parliament ) who had visited iraq in january [ see p. 37934 ] .

The changes were viewed as an attempt to the heal the bitter rift between the politically dominant Tutsi and the more numerous Hutu population , which in 1988 had led to 5,000 civilians being killed in ethnic violence [ see pp .
the changes were viewed as an attempt to the heal the bitter rift between the politically dominant tutsi and the more [many] hutu population , which in 1988 had led to 5,000 civilians being killed in ethnic violence [ see pp .

The election of Aristide , a 37-year-old left-wing priest who had survived numerous assassination attempts , followed a series of short-lived governments , three of which were military administrations and none of which was the product of free elections .
the election of aristide , a 37-year-old left-wing priest who had survived [many] assassination attempts , followed a series of short-lived governments , three of which were military administrations and none of which was the product of free elections .

The authorities scored a significant success in the ongoing struggle against the underground movement within the armed forces — which had been responsible for numerous coup attempts against the government of President Corazon Aquino — with the arrest in Manila on Feb. 6 of Lt.-Col. Victor Batac and Maj. Abraham Purugganan .
the authorities scored a significant success in the ongoing struggle against the underground movement within the armed forces — which had been responsible for [many] coup attempts against the government of president corazon aquino — with the arrest in manila on feb. 6 of lt.-col. victor batac and maj. abraham purugganan .

Languages : English ( official ) ; numerous indigenous languages .
languages : english ( official ) ; [many] indigenous languages .

Re-creating an old-fashioned Christmas , cooking and trying out old recipes , modelling or trying different solutions to a problem such as bridge building — these are a few of the numerous possibilities for follow-up work .
re-creating an old-fashioned christmas , cooking and trying out old recipes , modelling or trying different solutions to a problem such as bridge building — these are a few of the [many] possibilities for follow-up work .

However , she still retains a trademark in the numerous quotes and sources of thought she incorporates into the text , providing ammunition from scholarly sources in proving her point , even if it means twisting what they say to fit her point of view .
however , she still retains a trademark in the [many] quotes and sources of thought she incorporates into the text , providing ammunition from scholarly sources in proving her point , even if it means twisting what they say to fit her point of view .

By preventing the build up of scale numerous cost savingsd are to be made .
by preventing the build up of scale [many] cost savingsd are to be made .

Numerous food scares and the dramatic rise in reported cases of food poisoning over the last few years , plus the need to comply with European Community requirements led to the Food Safety Bill , now nearly two years old .
[many] food scares and the dramatic rise in reported cases of food poisoning over the last few years , plus the need to comply with european community requirements led to the food safety bill , now nearly two years old .

There are numerous areas within the kitchen environment where energy efficiency can be improved and once caterers take the plunge and decide to choose new technology operated equipment , then improved standards inevitably follow .
there are [many] areas within the kitchen environment where energy efficiency can be improved and once caterers take the plunge and decide to choose new technology operated equipment , then improved standards inevitably follow .

After c.973 all the pennies struck at numerous mints throughout the country ( including York ) bore the king 's name and portrait , and were produced from iron dies distributed by the government , so that all looked alike .
after c.973 all the pennies struck at [many] mints throughout the country ( including york ) bore the king 's name and portrait , and were produced from iron dies distributed by the government , so that all looked alike .

All this would be understandable , of course , if these local forces had merely been dealing with minor coastal raiding , and one can not always be sure that their enemies were very numerous .
all this would be understandable , of course , if these local forces had merely been dealing with minor coastal raiding , and one can not always be sure that their enemies were very [many] .

Among numerous works from the flowering of historical writing in the twelfth century , those of Florence of Worcester , Henry of Huntingdon and William of Malmesbury stand out .
among [many] works from the flowering of historical writing in the twelfth century , those of florence of worcester , henry of huntingdon and william of malmesbury stand out .

Transformations of that magnitude necessitated transformations in numerous social and educational institutions .
transformations of that magnitude necessitated transformations in [many] social and educational institutions .

Those who tend to see the eighteenth century as above all `` the Age of Wesley `` usually bring a good deal of retrospectivity to their view of the rise of Methodism over a period at the end of which Methodists were still not especially numerous in the nation as a whole .
those who tend to see the eighteenth century as above all `` the age of wesley `` usually bring a good deal of retrospectivity to their view of the rise of methodism over a period at the end of which methodists were still not especially [many] in the nation as a whole .

London 's numerous tailors were such a case .
london 's [many] tailors were such a case .

In place of the set splitting inherent in the the tree , we will require a dynamic memory structure such as the Chart for recording the multiple word tokens under consideration , and a process which is capable both of rating the goodness of fit of numerous possibly overlapping word hypotheses to the current input , and of determining when enough information has been gathered to select one of them .
in place of the set splitting inherent in the the tree , we will require a dynamic memory structure such as the chart for recording the multiple word tokens under consideration , and a process which is capable both of rating the goodness of fit of [many] possibly overlapping word hypotheses to the current input , and of determining when enough information has been gathered to select one of them .

It is in the first place striking that in the Old French fabliaux , a male rival or spoiler is more commonly the butt of the humour than a female , though examples of the latter situation are reasonably numerous .
it is in the first place striking that in the old french fabliaux , a male rival or spoiler is more commonly the butt of the humour than a female , though examples of the latter situation are reasonably [many] .

Conversely the benefits which accrue from a fully fledged economic union are by definition more numerous than those which result from membership of a customs union .
conversely the benefits which accrue from a fully fledged economic union are by definition more [many] than those which result from membership of a customs union .

There are numerous positions within each hotel , ranging from waiters and bar staff through to heads of departments , deputy managers and general managers .
there are [many] positions within each hotel , ranging from waiters and bar staff through to heads of departments , deputy managers and general managers .

Most leading hotel chains are represented throughout the region , managing the numerous hotels developed as a response to the economic boom of the 1970s and the 1980s .
most leading hotel chains are represented throughout the region , managing the [many] hotels developed as a response to the economic boom of the 1970s and the 1980s .

This is probably why , alongside the numerous examples of be seen to and be heard to in the affirmative , none have been found in the negative : ( 91 ) * He was n't seen to cross the street .
this is probably why , alongside the [many] examples of be seen to and be heard to in the affirmative , none have been found in the negative : ( 91 ) * he was n't seen to cross the street .

That surviving half-page on Alexandria with its three classes of people is memorable : the Egyptians , `` an acute and civilized race `` ; the mercenaries , `` a numerous , rough and uncultivated set `` ; and the Alexandrians themselves , `` a people not genuinely civilized … but still superior to the mercenaries for though they are mongrels they came from a Greek stock and have not forgotten Greek customs `` ( 34.14 ) .
that surviving half-page on alexandria with its three classes of people is memorable : the egyptians , `` an acute and civilized race `` ; the mercenaries , `` a [many] , rough and uncultivated set `` ; and the alexandrians themselves , `` a people not genuinely civilized … but still superior to the mercenaries for though they are mongrels they came from a greek stock and have not forgotten greek customs `` ( 34.14 ) .

The numerous fissures there , which came to be known as the Back Strings , represent these early excavations upon the vein outcrops , though they have been modified and deepened over the years .
the [many] fissures there , which came to be known as the back strings , represent these early excavations upon the vein outcrops , though they have been modified and deepened over the years .

The numerous shareholders included Thos .
the [many] shareholders included thos .

This figure ( about 18,830 tons ) does not include ore mined above the ever lengthening Deep Adit Level , or the numerous other adits such as Fleming 's , Taylor 's , Grey Crag , Middle , Top , Gaunt 's , or Kernal — the last five being at Paddies ' End .
this figure ( about 18,830 tons ) does not include ore mined above the ever lengthening deep adit level , or the [many] other adits such as fleming 's , taylor 's , grey crag , middle , top , gaunt 's , or kernal — the last five being at paddies ' end .

Numerous such accidents happened whilst igniting , for if the slow fuze happened to be not so slow , or the miner inadvertently touched the straw with his candle , then he might have but a few impossible seconds to make good his escape .
[many] such accidents happened whilst igniting , for if the slow fuze happened to be not so slow , or the miner inadvertently touched the straw with his candle , then he might have but a few impossible seconds to make good his escape .

concurrently with his numerous other interests Taylor was running the Grassington Mines for the Duke of Devonshire .
concurrently with his [many] other interests taylor was running the grassington mines for the duke of devonshire .

Yet , the physical demands of numerous pregnancies too closely spaced may have maleffects for the mother and child , and commencement of childbearing before the woman is physically mature may represent a serious risk to health and life for the mother and her young children .
yet , the physical demands of [many] pregnancies too closely spaced may have maleffects for the mother and child , and commencement of childbearing before the woman is physically mature may represent a serious risk to health and life for the mother and her young children .

At first , the student has numerous negative feelings .
at first , the student has [many] negative feelings .

3 The learner is now enjoying his newly found ability in the target language , but makes numerous errors .
3 the learner is now enjoying his newly found ability in the target language , but makes [many] errors .

Games themselves are too numerous to list here .
games themselves are too [many] to list here .

To take care in sowing , that there be no large furrows , but small numerous and well united .
to take care in sowing , that there be no large furrows , but small [many] and well united .

They followed up their victory by sacking Gondar , burning numerous churches .
they followed up their victory by sacking gondar , burning [many] churches .

On the fourth day we moved our camp a few miles to the east , where our trackers maintained we should find the nyala more numerous ; this proved to be the case .
on the fourth day we moved our camp a few miles to the east , where our trackers maintained we should find the nyala more [many] ; this proved to be the case .

On this side of the Webi , undulating grasslands rose to distant hills , and strips of woodland bordered numerous streams .
on this side of the webi , undulating grasslands rose to distant hills , and strips of woodland bordered [many] streams .

The Adoimara had feasted the deputation and then , while they slept , had killed them all except one , who escaped with a shattered arm and numerous wounds .
the adoimara had feasted the deputation and then , while they slept , had killed them all except one , who escaped with a shattered arm and [many] wounds .

of those not employed in education , research students were most numerous working in the design and manufacture of information systems , software services and in telecommunications ;
of those not employed in education , research students were most [many] working in the design and manufacture of information systems , software services and in telecommunications ;

Except at the south end , which is low and bare , the coastline consists of high inaccessible cliffs which are fissured by numerous clefts and inlets known as geos , with many small islets and detached rocks at their foot .
except at the south end , which is low and bare , the coastline consists of high inaccessible cliffs which are fissured by [many] clefts and inlets known as geos , with many small islets and detached rocks at their foot .

Measurement of internal friction such as those referred to above have been made for numerous polymers , and relaxation spectra for commonly used materials are listed in detail in the book by McCrum , read & Williams ( 1967 ) and in Ferry 's book .
measurement of internal friction such as those referred to above have been made for [many] polymers , and relaxation spectra for commonly used materials are listed in detail in the book by mccrum , read & williams ( 1967 ) and in ferry 's book .

These relations were established early in the history of polymer mechanics by numerous workers and the theory comprehensively treated by Gross in 1953 .
these relations were established early in the history of polymer mechanics by [many] workers and the theory comprehensively treated by gross in 1953 .

The imagery of the death of human beings is helped by numerous run on lines that add to the lamentation of the words .
the imagery of the death of human beings is helped by [many] run on lines that add to the lamentation of the words .

Shylock has been prosecuted , wrongly done on numerous occasions , by Antonio , therefore he is getting revenge — the Old Testament says he should .
shylock has been prosecuted , wrongly done on [many] occasions , by antonio , therefore he is getting revenge — the old testament says he should .

Patients with irritable bowel syndrome experience pain induced by inflating a balloon in the colon at different and more numerous sites and at lower distending volumes than normal subjects .
patients with irritable bowel syndrome experience pain induced by inflating a balloon in the colon at different and more [many] sites and at lower distending volumes than normal subjects .

In half the specimens studied these lesions were found only after careful examination of numerous sections and staining with an anti-cytokeratin antibody .
in half the specimens studied these lesions were found only after careful examination of [many] sections and staining with an anti-cytokeratin antibody .

This is because the solution has numerous additives to make it suitable for restorative embalming .
this is because the solution has [many] additives to make it suitable for restorative embalming .

Platelet activating factor is synthetised by numerous human cell types , including neutrophils , minocytes , macrophages , platelets , eosiniophils , vascular endothelial cells , and several cancer cell lines .
platelet activating factor is synthetised by [many] human cell types , including neutrophils , minocytes , macrophages , platelets , eosiniophils , vascular endothelial cells , and several cancer cell lines .

Numerous studies have shown that Helicobacter pylori infection of the gastric antrum raises circulating gastrin concentrations in duodenal ulcer patients and healthy volunteers .
[many] studies have shown that helicobacter pylori infection of the gastric antrum raises circulating gastrin concentrations in duodenal ulcer patients and healthy volunteers .

Despite numerous published reports , however , the most important risk factors associated with delayed ulcer healing are still undefined .
despite [many] published reports , however , the most important risk factors associated with delayed ulcer healing are still undefined .

Gall bladder epithelial cells serve numerous biological functions and abnormalities in their function are important in the pathogenesis of several gall bladder diseases .
gall bladder epithelial cells serve [many] biological functions and abnormalities in their function are important in the pathogenesis of several gall bladder diseases .

Numerous factors affect the uptake and absorption of metals , including their concentration in the gut and the presence of other metals .
[many] factors affect the uptake and absorption of metals , including their concentration in the gut and the presence of other metals .

In contrast to the immunohistological staining technique , we could not obtain consistent results despite numerous attempts .
in contrast to the immunohistological staining technique , we could not obtain consistent results despite [many] attempts .

Acinar cells were typically pyramidal in shape with closely packed rough endoplasmic reticulum , numerous mitochondria and abundant apical zymogen granules ( Fig 6 ) .
acinar cells were typically pyramidal in shape with closely packed rough endoplasmic reticulum , [many] mitochondria and abundant apical zymogen granules ( fig 6 ) .

Numerous data have suggested a role of arachidonic acid metabolite in the pathophysiology of various gastrointestinal disorders .
[many] data have suggested a role of arachidonic acid metabolite in the pathophysiology of various gastrointestinal disorders .

On the basis of these and similar findings , it has been suggested that in cases of small tumours up to 1 cm in diameter , endoscopic removal or local excision would be sufficient , but that larger or numerous carcinoid tumours should be treated by gastric resection or gastrectomy with removal of regional lymph notes .
on the basis of these and similar findings , it has been suggested that in cases of small tumours up to 1 cm in diameter , endoscopic removal or local excision would be sufficient , but that larger or [many] carcinoid tumours should be treated by gastric resection or gastrectomy with removal of regional lymph notes .

Numerous studies have shown IgG antibodies in serum of inflammatory bowel disease patients directed towards cow 's milk proteins , bacteria , cytoskeleton and different epithelial cell associated antigens .
[many] studies have shown igg antibodies in serum of inflammatory bowel disease patients directed towards cow 's milk proteins , bacteria , cytoskeleton and different epithelial cell associated antigens .

Numerous product initiatives were undertaken in 1992 , notably the creation of new products in Louis Vuitton luggage , the launch of new cosmetics and the relaunch of the first perfume ever created by Christian Dior — ‘ Miss Dior . ’
[many] product initiatives were undertaken in 1992 , notably the creation of new products in louis vuitton luggage , the launch of new cosmetics and the relaunch of the first perfume ever created by christian dior — ‘ miss dior . ’

Although these assumptions may seem too numerous and overly restrictive it is worth restating that this is essentially a deductive economic model which abstracts from reality .
although these assumptions may seem too [many] and overly restrictive it is worth restating that this is essentially a deductive economic model which abstracts from reality .

more numerous , but vaguer , fingers
more [many] , but vaguer , fingers

Apart from jumpers he has knitted a jacket , scarves , a three-foot banana ( which became a cushion ) and numerous ties .
apart from jumpers he has knitted a jacket , scarves , a three-foot banana ( which became a cushion ) and [many] ties .

That approach can be devised in numerous ways to produce different results .
that approach can be devised in [many] ways to produce different results .

Yet , despite numerous rows with the contractors , he has failed so far to tinker with the construction contract to any meaningful degree .
yet , despite [many] rows with the contractors , he has failed so far to tinker with the construction contract to any meaningful degree .

The West German embassy in Prague , where thousands of people had taken refuge , is now surrounded by Czechoslovak police , who check the identities of all comers and have sent away numerous would-be refugees .
the west german embassy in prague , where thousands of people had taken refuge , is now surrounded by czechoslovak police , who check the identities of all comers and have sent away [many] would-be refugees .

In countries where deposits above a certain amount have to be authorised , such as those over $ 10,000 ( £6,250 ) in the United States , this entails a team of flunkeys making numerous lower deposits which are then switched around at will .
in countries where deposits above a certain amount have to be authorised , such as those over $ 10,000 ( £6,250 ) in the united states , this entails a team of flunkeys making [many] lower deposits which are then switched around at will .

The verderers were intended to act as a check upon the paid Forest officers in the interests of the Crown , but the numerous instances already cited of peculation and extortion on the part of the latter seem to indicate that the verderers were in many instances overawed by the authority and influence of the wardens and foresters of fee .
the verderers were intended to act as a check upon the paid forest officers in the interests of the crown , but the [many] instances already cited of peculation and extortion on the part of the latter seem to indicate that the verderers were in many instances overawed by the authority and influence of the wardens and foresters of fee .

Numerous disputes arose between the Forest officers and the owners of lands and woods they had re-afforested .
[many] disputes arose between the forest officers and the owners of lands and woods they had re-afforested .

Numerous petitions concerning the forest were presented at the parliaments of this reign and the beginning of the next .
[many] petitions concerning the forest were presented at the parliaments of this reign and the beginning of the next .

At Andover in 1489 Sir Nicholas Lisle , hereditary warden of Chute Forest , was removed from office for unlawfully killing a score of deer , and for numerous offences relating to the forest covert and pastures ; he was , however , able to recover his office in 1500 on payment of a fine .
at andover in 1489 sir nicholas lisle , hereditary warden of chute forest , was removed from office for unlawfully killing a score of deer , and for [many] offences relating to the forest covert and pastures ; he was , however , able to recover his office in 1500 on payment of a fine .

Numerous other licences were issued — to hawk , fell and sell woods , plough up pastures , enclose small parcels of land on the forest wastes and build houses thereon , cut turf and peat , and to operate a brick kiln .
[many] other licences were issued — to hawk , fell and sell woods , plough up pastures , enclose small parcels of land on the forest wastes and build houses thereon , cut turf and peat , and to operate a brick kiln .

The deer had become very numerous by this time in the New Forest , and there were numerous complaints about their depredations .
the deer had become very [many] by this time in the new forest , and there were [many] complaints about their depredations .

Hertford took his instructions seriously , devastating Lothian and Edinburgh and laying waste the great border abbeys , as well as destroying numerous small towns and villages .
hertford took his instructions seriously , devastating lothian and edinburgh and laying waste the great border abbeys , as well as destroying [many] small towns and villages .

They unearthed numerous axe heads and sword hilts at this site .
they unearthed [many] axe heads and sword hilts at this site .

He wanted all the theological colleges to be combined into three , at Oxford , Cambridge and Durham ; he wanted the numerous funds , societies , urban work and foreign missions combined for greater effect .
he wanted all the theological colleges to be combined into three , at oxford , cambridge and durham ; he wanted the [many] funds , societies , urban work and foreign missions combined for greater effect .

To Methodists the talk of collectivism remained largely a political debate because , despite their numerous schisms , all five Methodist connexions had strong central authorities much envied by some Baptists and Congregationalists .
to methodists the talk of collectivism remained largely a political debate because , despite their [many] schisms , all five methodist connexions had strong central authorities much envied by some baptists and congregationalists .

The social activities of the Councils were numerous and varied according to the locality .
the social activities of the councils were [many] and varied according to the locality .

Some of the essential physical needs of horses have been covered at length by numerous other books , so will only be briefly mentioned .
some of the essential physical needs of horses have been covered at length by [many] other books , so will only be briefly mentioned .

Numerous studies are also cited where animals reared in an enriched or rich home environment were more successful problem solvers than those reared in impoverished environments or in laboratory cages .
[many] studies are also cited where animals reared in an enriched or rich home environment were more successful problem solvers than those reared in impoverished environments or in laboratory cages .

These seem highly optimistic , however , in the light of numerous reports , especially from country districts , in which the extended interference of the Party in everyday affairs , especially in welfare and economic matters , was subjected to fierce criticism .
these seem highly optimistic , however , in the light of [many] reports , especially from country districts , in which the extended interference of the party in everyday affairs , especially in welfare and economic matters , was subjected to fierce criticism .

The Armaments Inspectorate at Nuremberg , commenting on the successful concealment of preparation for the invasion , noted that ‘ the concentration of numerous troops in the eastern areas had allowed speculation to arise that significant events were afoot there , but nevertheless probably the overwhelming proportion of the German people did not think of any warlike confrontation with the Soviet Union ’ .
the armaments inspectorate at nuremberg , commenting on the successful concealment of preparation for the invasion , noted that ‘ the concentration of [many] troops in the eastern areas had allowed speculation to arise that significant events were afoot there , but nevertheless probably the overwhelming proportion of the german people did not think of any warlike confrontation with the soviet union ’ .

Already towards the end of January , when it was made known that German troops were encircled in Stalingrad , the unease registered in numerous reports merged into critical comment expressing fundamental doubts about the necessity of the war with Russia and now also about the truth of Hitler 's explanations for the war .
already towards the end of january , when it was made known that german troops were encircled in stalingrad , the unease registered in [many] reports merged into critical comment expressing fundamental doubts about the necessity of the war with russia and now also about the truth of hitler 's explanations for the war .

’ Reports from local officials in numerous districts leave no doubt that the blame for risking , then losing , the 6th Army was attributed to Hitler .
’ reports from local officials in [many] districts leave no doubt that the blame for risking , then losing , the 6th army was attributed to hitler .

Though the majority of youth continued outwardly to behave in a conformist manner , the growth in numerous big cities of deliberately non-conformist and sometimes actively oppositionist youth groups delighting in physical as well as verbal attacks on Hitler Youth brigades , wearing ‘ western ’ clothes , aping English mannerisms , and listening to jazz , showed that Nazism was losing ground among what had been its strongest area of support .
though the majority of youth continued outwardly to behave in a conformist manner , the growth in [many] big cities of deliberately non-conformist and sometimes actively oppositionist youth groups delighting in physical as well as verbal attacks on hitler youth brigades , wearing ‘ western ’ clothes , aping english mannerisms , and listening to jazz , showed that nazism was losing ground among what had been its strongest area of support .

Numerous reports from all over Germany make clear how little the German people in the last months of the war was attuned to the heroic strains of the message preached above all by Goebbels .
[many] reports from all over germany make clear how little the german people in the last months of the war was attuned to the heroic strains of the message preached above all by goebbels .

During the 1930s , then , in the years when his popularity was soaring to dizzy heights , Hitler 's public pronouncements on the ‘ Jewish Question ’ were less numerous than might be imagined , and , while certainly hate-filled , were usually couched in abstract generalities in association with western plutocracy or Bolshevism .
during the 1930s , then , in the years when his popularity was soaring to dizzy heights , hitler 's public pronouncements on the ‘ jewish question ’ were less [many] than might be imagined , and , while certainly hate-filled , were usually couched in abstract generalities in association with western plutocracy or bolshevism .

Unlike Marcion , many Gnostic sects welcomed numerous gospels other than the four which were finally included in the canon , and enjoyed producing ‘ secret ’ or apocryphal gospels , acts , epistles , and apocalypses ( the choice of these and not other literary genres being a silent testimony to the existence and currency of the canonical texts ) .
unlike marcion , many gnostic sects welcomed [many] gospels other than the four which were finally included in the canon , and enjoyed producing ‘ secret ’ or apocryphal gospels , acts , epistles , and apocalypses ( the choice of these and not other literary genres being a silent testimony to the existence and currency of the canonical texts ) .

But then so are the numerous other fantasies that have been made up about her .
but then so are the [many] other fantasies that have been made up about her .

The first stage is to gather as large a sample of coins as possible by assembling a collection of plaster casts or photographs of specimens in the world 's principal museums , together with other specimens which may have been illustrated in numerous auction catalogues or hoard publications .
the first stage is to gather as large a sample of coins as possible by assembling a collection of plaster casts or photographs of specimens in the world 's principal museums , together with other specimens which may have been illustrated in [many] auction catalogues or hoard publications .

Stephen O'Brien , Director of Business in the Community , who has accompanied the Prince on numerous visits to inner city slums , has seen what happens when he arrives :
stephen o'brien , director of business in the community , who has accompanied the prince on [many] visits to inner city slums , has seen what happens when he arrives :

The Romans had numerous divinities , whose worship was tolerated by the cultivated classes as a social benefit and practised by the masses as a matter of spiritual necessity .
the romans had [many] divinities , whose worship was tolerated by the cultivated classes as a social benefit and practised by the masses as a matter of spiritual necessity .

He is the author of numerous books and pamphlets on capitalism , industry and the enterprise culture .
he is the author of [many] books and pamphlets on capitalism , industry and the enterprise culture .

Mr Lyons said : ‘ There are numerous questions that will haunt even youthful minds . Will it happen again ? Will they want to go out ? Can they go in a car ? Or a Tube ? Pass buildings with glass ?
mr lyons said : ‘ there are [many] questions that will haunt even youthful minds . will it happen again ? will they want to go out ? can they go in a car ? or a tube ? pass buildings with glass ?

In the City , numerous roads around the blast site at St Mary Axe remained cordoned off last night .
in the city , [many] roads around the blast site at st mary axe remained cordoned off last night .

The purse was £30 lighter by the end , but we had our own sunloungers and parasols on an uncrowded and immaculately manicured beach , a pedalo ride , numerous drinks and a light lunch for four , in situ .
the purse was £30 lighter by the end , but we had our own sunloungers and parasols on an uncrowded and immaculately manicured beach , a pedalo ride , [many] drinks and a light lunch for four , in situ .

Soon after the embarrassing disclosure , the French ministry announced an inquiry into claims that Glaxo had placed numerous articles in the popular press and on television promoting its prescription-only migraine cure .
soon after the embarrassing disclosure , the french ministry announced an inquiry into claims that glaxo had placed [many] articles in the popular press and on television promoting its prescription-only migraine cure .

It is the most numerous diesel on British roads , with more than 80,000 sales of this model .
it is the most [many] diesel on british roads , with more than 80,000 sales of this model .

But neither the Ecclesiastical Courts nor the Common Law Courts are well adapted to settle the numerous conflicting rights of creditors , legatees , and next of kin ; trusts are often involved , and during the last two centuries the most effectual and usual method of asserting a claim to or against the estate of a deceased person is to get the estate administered in Chancery .
but neither the ecclesiastical courts nor the common law courts are well adapted to settle the [many] conflicting rights of creditors , legatees , and next of kin ; trusts are often involved , and during the last two centuries the most effectual and usual method of asserting a claim to or against the estate of a deceased person is to get the estate administered in chancery .

The records of these numerous courts were often badly kept , and there might be damage or loss of the original wills which the courts kept under their custody .
the records of these [many] courts were often badly kept , and there might be damage or loss of the original wills which the courts kept under their custody .

Obviously no purchaser can , without expert assistance , make the investigation , of which the result will depend on the effect of numerous technical documents , such as settlements and mortgages .
obviously no purchaser can , without expert assistance , make the investigation , of which the result will depend on the effect of [many] technical documents , such as settlements and mortgages .

The transfer of interests in the National Debt and public funds and in the debts of municipal and other public authorities , and of debentures , stocks , and shares in companies , is governed by numerous statutes .
the transfer of interests in the national debt and public funds and in the debts of municipal and other public authorities , and of debentures , stocks , and shares in companies , is governed by [many] statutes .

Numerous other experiments have been well documented .
[many] other experiments have been well documented .

They have numerous conical pointed teeth , with 24–60 pairs in each jaw .
they have [many] conical pointed teeth , with 24–60 pairs in each jaw .

In the past this has been countered by the numerous superstitions of the indigenous peoples towards the river dolphins , but as the economic pressures of the commercial fishery become greater , these superstitions are likely to become less respected , especially by the younger fishermen .
in the past this has been countered by the [many] superstitions of the indigenous peoples towards the river dolphins , but as the economic pressures of the commercial fishery become greater , these superstitions are likely to become less respected , especially by the younger fishermen .

Dolphin , albatross , a leatherback sea turtle , numerous sharks , entire schools of tuna , sunfish , marlin , swordfish , salmon and flying squid .
dolphin , albatross , a leatherback sea turtle , [many] sharks , entire schools of tuna , sunfish , marlin , swordfish , salmon and flying squid .

Many Hector 's dolphins were also falling victim to the nets of recreational fishermen who fish the numerous bays around the peninsula 's deeply indented coastline , especially during summer holidays .
many hector 's dolphins were also falling victim to the nets of recreational fishermen who fish the [many] bays around the peninsula 's deeply indented coastline , especially during summer holidays .

In addition , numerous examples show that private ownership is far more dedicated to conservation and protection of the environment .
in addition , [many] examples show that private ownership is far more dedicated to conservation and protection of the environment .

There are numerous varieties of mustards from around the world , although Dijon in France is acknowledged as the mecca of the trade and is still said to produce almost 50 per cent of the world 's mustard .
there are [many] varieties of mustards from around the world , although dijon in france is acknowledged as the mecca of the trade and is still said to produce almost 50 per cent of the world 's mustard .

The Christians faced fierce persecution and opposition , especially from a more numerous religious group known as the Gnostics .
the christians faced fierce persecution and opposition , especially from a more [many] religious group known as the gnostics .

Edward acknowledges her effect on him in a letter — one of numerous happy , affectionate letters to ‘ My dearest Friend ’ — from his lodgings at 113 Cowley Road , Oxford , 29 January 1898 ( the third of his letters to her after his return to Oxford for the Lent Term ) : Take care of yourself my dearest friend .
edward acknowledges her effect on him in a letter — one of [many] happy , affectionate letters to ‘ my dearest friend ’ — from his lodgings at 113 cowley road , oxford , 29 january 1898 ( the third of his letters to her after his return to oxford for the lent term ) : take care of yourself my dearest friend .

Apart from Dickens , their prose reading reflected the radical attitudes of their Unitarian upbringing : Hazlitt , Carlyle , Cobbett , Ruskin , and William Morris besides numerous progressive pamphlets .
apart from dickens , their prose reading reflected the radical attitudes of their unitarian upbringing : hazlitt , carlyle , cobbett , ruskin , and william morris besides [many] progressive pamphlets .

One thing she can do is to make appointments to the state 's numerous policy-making commissions and boards .
one thing she can do is to make appointments to the state 's [many] policy-making commissions and boards .

The church 's numerous middle-of-the-roaders are concerned : although the charismatic movement tends to be pro-women ( the new Archbishop of Canterbury got into trouble for saying it was a ‘ heresy ’ to suggest that women should not conduct services ) , it is also anti-abortion , anti-homosexual and preoccupied with the devil .
the church 's [many] middle-of-the-roaders are concerned : although the charismatic movement tends to be pro-women ( the new archbishop of canterbury got into trouble for saying it was a ‘ heresy ’ to suggest that women should not conduct services ) , it is also anti-abortion , anti-homosexual and preoccupied with the devil .

But the numerous and well-educated Isaak people of the north , some 50,000 of whom have been killed by the government , are the type to settle scores .
but the [many] and well-educated isaak people of the north , some 50,000 of whom have been killed by the government , are the type to settle scores .

His numerous critics will find plenty to amuse them in this volume .
his [many] critics will find plenty to amuse them in this volume .

Fidel Ramos , a former army chief and now defence secretary , could point out to voters that he had loyally defended the president in the numerous coup attempts against her .
fidel ramos , a former army chief and now defence secretary , could point out to voters that he had loyally defended the president in the [many] coup attempts against her .

Numerous reasons are given .
[many] reasons are given .

Twelve months on , the club have yet to do so , despite numerous requests to the City secretary John Westmancoat .
twelve months on , the club have yet to do so , despite [many] requests to the city secretary john westmancoat .

The group is closing the St Austell plant despite recent capital investment and numerous employment initiatives .
the group is closing the st austell plant despite recent capital investment and [many] employment initiatives .

Hockney has repaid the debt with numerous studies of Silver , two of which looked on among the gallery 's 100 Hockneys , ranging from a teenage pencil sketch to oils done last Christmas .
hockney has repaid the debt with [many] studies of silver , two of which looked on among the gallery 's 100 hockneys , ranging from a teenage pencil sketch to oils done last christmas .

It is a long piece of detailed , even pedantic , research on higher education in Britain , which makes numerous descriptive comparisons between the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge , and attempts to understand the differences , similarities and changing natures of the two institutions .
it is a long piece of detailed , even pedantic , research on higher education in britain , which makes [many] descriptive comparisons between the universities of oxford and cambridge , and attempts to understand the differences , similarities and changing natures of the two institutions .

Numerous kinds of violence are examined here .
[many] kinds of violence are examined here .

Allegra 's death is only one of the numerous and heart-rending deaths of young children in this book — which should dispose of the comforting myth that mothers suffered less acutely when child mortality was so high that death could be no surprise .
allegra 's death is only one of the [many] and heart-rending deaths of young children in this book — which should dispose of the comforting myth that mothers suffered less acutely when child mortality was so high that death could be no surprise .

On Swan 's Art Treasures Tour of Malta we mixed culture with more basic sight-seeing , taking in not only the great prehistoric temples of Gigantia , the stupendous fortifications and baroque architecture of Valletta and the numerous modern churches with their vast , red domes , but also the Blue Grotto , a performance of Mozart 's Requiem in the oldest theatre in Europe , and a botanical garden .
on swan 's art treasures tour of malta we mixed culture with more basic sight-seeing , taking in not only the great prehistoric temples of gigantia , the stupendous fortifications and baroque architecture of valletta and the [many] modern churches with their vast , red domes , but also the blue grotto , a performance of mozart 's requiem in the oldest theatre in europe , and a botanical garden .

My passion is for its numerous Romanesque churches , in most cases humbly proportioned but elevated into unique works of art by the richness of their exquisitely-sculpted decoration ; to go to Poitou/Saintonge and not look at any of its churches would be like going to an African game reserve and ignoring the animals .
my passion is for its [many] romanesque churches , in most cases humbly proportioned but elevated into unique works of art by the richness of their exquisitely-sculpted decoration ; to go to poitou/saintonge and not look at any of its churches would be like going to an african game reserve and ignoring the animals .

‘ The professional politicians are now nearly as numerous as the teachers of one sort or another who have traditionally become Labour MPs .
‘ the professional politicians are now nearly as [many] as the teachers of one sort or another who have traditionally become labour mps .

The Bengal Tiger is the most numerous of the races that survive today .
the bengal tiger is the most [many] of the races that survive today .

The Blackbuck used to be one of the most numerous of the grassland plains animals of the Indian sub-continent .
the blackbuck used to be one of the most [many] of the grassland plains animals of the indian sub-continent .

Both kinds have Cambrian representatives and both flourish today , the glass sponges being especially numerous in deep-sea environments .
both kinds have cambrian representatives and both flourish today , the glass sponges being especially [many] in deep-sea environments .

Heliophyllum has numerous species in the Devonian of Europe and North America .
heliophyllum has [many] species in the devonian of europe and north america .

The colonies vary widely in shape : some are shrub-like , with numerous slender branches , others have only a few , or even a single branch .
the colonies vary widely in shape : some are shrub-like , with [many] slender branches , others have only a few , or even a single branch .

Whatever the explanation , other organisms , like trilobites or brachiopods , were more numerous in such sites , and have been used to date the rock sequences in the absence of graptolites .
whatever the explanation , other organisms , like trilobites or brachiopods , were more [many] in such sites , and have been used to date the rock sequences in the absence of graptolites .

In the Ordovician and Silurian periods they became adapted to life in most marine environments , but were particularly numerous in shallow water habitats , in some cases forming whole banks , as mussels do today .
in the ordovician and silurian periods they became adapted to life in most marine environments , but were particularly [many] in shallow water habitats , in some cases forming whole banks , as mussels do today .

Inarticulates were numerous in the Cambrian and Ordovician periods .
inarticulates were [many] in the cambrian and ordovician periods .

The molluscs are one of the most varied , successful and numerous of the invertebrate phyla .
the molluscs are one of the most varied , successful and [many] of the invertebrate phyla .

Numerous species of this species are preserved together , actually forming the rock — an example of fossils as rock builders .
[many] species of this species are preserved together , actually forming the rock — an example of fossils as rock builders .

The radial ribs are more numerous than those of the related brachiopod Spiriferina p. 63 .
the radial ribs are more [many] than those of the related brachiopod spiriferina p. 63 .

Numerous Archimedes species occur worldwide in rocks of Carboniferous and Permian age .
[many] archimedes species occur worldwide in rocks of carboniferous and permian age .

Species somewhat resembling that shown are numerous in the Tertiary marine formations , and similar species live today in sandy sea bottoms .
species somewhat resembling that shown are [many] in the tertiary marine formations , and similar species live today in sandy sea bottoms .

The looping form of the suture lines is also characteristic Ceratites are typical of Triassic rocks and there are numerous related species differing in details of ribbing and suture lines Such ammonites are plentiful in marine limestones of the right age across the continent of Europe ( though not in England ) .
the looping form of the suture lines is also characteristic ceratites are typical of triassic rocks and there are [many] related species differing in details of ribbing and suture lines such ammonites are plentiful in marine limestones of the right age across the continent of europe ( though not in england ) .

Numerous small specimens are preserved higgledy-piggledy in an impure limestone .
[many] small specimens are preserved higgledy-piggledy in an impure limestone .

It is a curious paradox that often the most spectacularly successful and numerous organisms are also those with a finite geological record .
it is a curious paradox that often the most spectacularly successful and [many] organisms are also those with a finite geological record .

There are numerous Carboniferous crinoids not unlike this one , which require expert knowledge in their discrimination .
there are [many] carboniferous crinoids not unlike this one , which require expert knowledge in their discrimination .

It is the last of the merostomes the group of fossil horseshoe crabs that were varied and numerous in the coal swamps of the Carboniferous and have a history that extends back to the Cambrian .
it is the last of the merostomes the group of fossil horseshoe crabs that were varied and [many] in the coal swamps of the carboniferous and have a history that extends back to the cambrian .

— are the most varied and numerous of the arthropods both in numbers of species and individuals .
— are the most varied and [many] of the arthropods both in numbers of species and individuals .

Ants frequently got caught in the pine resins that were destined to become amber , and numerous fossil species have been recognized .
ants frequently got caught in the pine resins that were destined to become amber , and [many] fossil species have been recognized .

If one plucks a piece from one of these plants it will almost certainly break along one of the numerous joints that divide the whole plant into segments , right to the tips of the branchlets .
if one plucks a piece from one of these plants it will almost certainly break along one of the [many] joints that divide the whole plant into segments , right to the tips of the branchlets .

The group were formerly varied and numerous , and even included trees perhaps 20 metres in height .
the group were formerly varied and [many] , and even included trees perhaps 20 metres in height .

The Mesozoic ginkgos were a varied and numerous group of plants , but unlike the spruces and pines they slowly declined in variety throughout the Tertiary .
the mesozoic ginkgos were a varied and [many] group of plants , but unlike the spruces and pines they slowly declined in variety throughout the tertiary .

Frogs are one of the more numerous of amphibian fossils .
frogs are one of the more [many] of amphibian fossils .

Ones with numerous branches seemed to dominate the earlier rocks , ones with fewer branches were later , while in rocks we would now recognize as Silurian and early Devonian , forms with but a single branch ( or stipe ) were abundant .
ones with [many] branches seemed to dominate the earlier rocks , ones with fewer branches were later , while in rocks we would now recognize as silurian and early devonian , forms with but a single branch ( or stipe ) were abundant .

The brachiopods are still numerous in some environments , but these tend to be rather inaccessible , such as in the deep sea , which inhibits their direct study in the field .
the brachiopods are still [many] in some environments , but these tend to be rather inaccessible , such as in the deep sea , which inhibits their direct study in the field .

From 14 August onwards the Water Authority ’ went public ’ and issued numerous statements and explanations .
from 14 august onwards the water authority ’ went public ’ and issued [many] statements and explanations .

In lakes , crustaceans , molluscs , leeches and mayflies dwindle , although predators remain more numerous , feeding on alternative prey .
in lakes , crustaceans , molluscs , leeches and mayflies dwindle , although predators remain more [many] , feeding on alternative prey .

The sight of judges and magistrates going on strike and scuffling with police outside the Palace of Justice and the recent murder of a policewoman in a riot ( June 1991 ) , as well as the regular disruption of life by numerous strikes , especially in public services , indicate that there is something seriously wrong .
the sight of judges and magistrates going on strike and scuffling with police outside the palace of justice and the recent murder of a policewoman in a riot ( june 1991 ) , as well as the regular disruption of life by [many] strikes , especially in public services , indicate that there is something seriously wrong .

Thus a common Zollverein currency was used alongside the numerous other state currencies , which themselves circulated freely everywhere .
thus a common zollverein currency was used alongside the [many] other state currencies , which themselves circulated freely everywhere .

Tempting , too , to join one of the numerous excursions to see the once-in-a-lifetime sights of the Sahara or photograph the picturesque houses in the blue-and-white setting of Sidi Bou Said .
tempting , too , to join one of the [many] excursions to see the once-in-a-lifetime sights of the sahara or photograph the picturesque houses in the blue-and-white setting of sidi bou said .

If you 're energetic there 's a choice of so many land to water-based sports and activities , too numerous to name — and almost too mind-boggling to make a decision on .
if you 're energetic there 's a choice of so many land to water-based sports and activities , too [many] to name — and almost too mind-boggling to make a decision on .

If your idea of a holiday does n't include lots of walking , Grindelwald has plenty of shops to browse around , as well as numerous cafes , restaurants and bars for that relaxing afternoon coffees and cake .
if your idea of a holiday does n't include lots of walking , grindelwald has plenty of shops to browse around , as well as [many] cafes , restaurants and bars for that relaxing afternoon coffees and cake .

Excursions : There are numerous excursions available from your resort .
excursions : there are [many] excursions available from your resort .

There are numerous shops , cafes , an old church which is well worth a visit , plus a thirteenth-century tower in the bustling town square which is a focal point of the resort .
there are [many] shops , cafes , an old church which is well worth a visit , plus a thirteenth-century tower in the bustling town square which is a focal point of the resort .

Nightlife is varied and active — open-air concerts , discos , numerous bars plus , of course , a full programme of entertainment offered by your resort representative .
nightlife is varied and active — open-air concerts , discos , [many] bars plus , of course , a full programme of entertainment offered by your resort representative .

Excursions : There are numerous excursions available from St Anton .
excursions : there are [many] excursions available from st anton .

For the active walker and rambler the choices are too numerous to mention .
for the active walker and rambler the choices are too [many] to mention .

Seefeld has riding stables ( children 's ponies available ) and there are numerous tennis courts offering tuition if required .
seefeld has riding stables ( children 's ponies available ) and there are [many] tennis courts offering tuition if required .

In the village there are numerous activities on offer ; horseriding , swimming either indoors or in the resort 's attractive open-air pool , crazy-golf , bowling , tennis and squash , and even summer skiing on the nearby glacier above Hintertux .
in the village there are [many] activities on offer ; horseriding , swimming either indoors or in the resort 's attractive open-air pool , crazy-golf , bowling , tennis and squash , and even summer skiing on the nearby glacier above hintertux .

There are numerous other things to see in Salzburg , among them Hohensalzburg Fortress , Cathedral Square , Palace of the Prince Archbishops and Mirabell Palace and gardens .
there are [many] other things to see in salzburg , among them hohensalzburg fortress , cathedral square , palace of the prince archbishops and mirabell palace and gardens .

There are numerous sports on offer .
there are [many] sports on offer .

Excursions : There are numerous coach excursions available from Kitzbuhel ; Innsbruck and Vipiteno ; Rattenberg , Mayrhofen and the Krimml Waterfalls ; Grossglockner ; Salzburg via Berchtesgaden ; Chiemsee Castle : Venice : Vienna and the jewel-like lakes of the Salzkammergut .
excursions : there are [many] coach excursions available from kitzbuhel ; innsbruck and vipiteno ; rattenberg , mayrhofen and the krimml waterfalls ; grossglockner ; salzburg via berchtesgaden ; chiemsee castle : venice : vienna and the jewel-like lakes of the salzkammergut .

Pleasant walks here are plentiful , or you can simply sunbathe and admire the views , before making your way back down to the village for a piece of scrumptious gateau in one of the numerous cafes .
pleasant walks here are plentiful , or you can simply sunbathe and admire the views , before making your way back down to the village for a piece of scrumptious gateau in one of the [many] cafes .

An example in this area , and one of considerable importance , can be drawn from the much discussed academic — pastoral divide which has numerous origins , including the need to ‘ place ’ a dispossessed hierarchy during a phase of bureaucratic upheaval .
an example in this area , and one of considerable importance , can be drawn from the much discussed academic — pastoral divide which has [many] origins , including the need to ‘ place ’ a dispossessed hierarchy during a phase of bureaucratic upheaval .

Numerous faults affect the rocks of the Outer Hebrides , the most important of which are those trending north west-south east , and east-west .
[many] faults affect the rocks of the outer hebrides , the most important of which are those trending north west-south east , and east-west .

There are numerous crofting townships scattered around this coastal strip , wherever areas of calcareous wind-blown shell-sand , sand dunes , and pasture ( machair ) occur .
there are [many] crofting townships scattered around this coastal strip , wherever areas of calcareous wind-blown shell-sand , sand dunes , and pasture ( machair ) occur .

We need not , however , rely solely upon the works of old masters to bring to mind the lore that is associated with numerous plants .
we need not , however , rely solely upon the works of old masters to bring to mind the lore that is associated with [many] plants .

The shape or general appearance of many plants gives rise to numerous names which have appeal to the senses of sight and smell as well as the imagination .
the shape or general appearance of many plants gives rise to [many] names which have appeal to the senses of sight and smell as well as the imagination .

The haplochromines were also extremely numerous ; indeed , they were by far the principal biomass of Lake Victoria .
the haplochromines were also extremely [many] ; indeed , they were by far the principal biomass of lake victoria .

They also provide three-dimensional environments of enormous physical complexity , and hence contain numerous different niches , each of which might be exploited in many different ways , and in many different permutations .
they also provide three-dimensional environments of enormous physical complexity , and hence contain [many] different niches , each of which might be exploited in many different ways , and in many different permutations .

They held numerous competitions including Long Driving ( 116yds .
they held [many] competitions including long driving ( 116yds .

The sources of extrapolation theory , like those of evolutionary theory generally , are numerous .
the sources of extrapolation theory , like those of evolutionary theory generally , are [many] .

Similarly , when a psychologist has observed numerous activities of the body , he may be inclined to ask ‘ Ah — but now where is the mind ?
similarly , when a psychologist has observed [many] activities of the body , he may be inclined to ask ‘ ah — but now where is the mind ?

Trivers 's theory has in fact received a convincing demonstration in Packer 's observations on the baboon Papio anubis living at Gombe in Tanzania ( see p. 76 ) as well as in numerous less-quantified examples cited in Trivers 's paper .
trivers 's theory has in fact received a convincing demonstration in packer 's observations on the baboon papio anubis living at gombe in tanzania ( see p. 76 ) as well as in [many] less-quantified examples cited in trivers 's paper .

Body size , mating systems , nomadism , and dietary composition as well as other minor features all vary and correlate with numerous details of display and behaviour .
body size , mating systems , nomadism , and dietary composition as well as other minor features all vary and correlate with [many] details of display and behaviour .

In the hamadryas baboons the harems cohere in a band in which numerous non-breeding males also occur .
in the hamadryas baboons the harems cohere in a band in which [many] non-breeding males also occur .

Although there may appear to be numerous difficulties , do n't be discouraged .
although there may appear to be [many] difficulties , do n't be discouraged .

The analysis stage may throw up numerous conclusions that you feel are fit for managers who await the report .
the analysis stage may throw up [many] conclusions that you feel are fit for managers who await the report .

Many people have studied how managers use their time and there are numerous texts on how to make better use of this most precious asset .
many people have studied how managers use their time and there are [many] texts on how to make better use of this most precious asset .

He has won numerous scholarships and prizes and has performed in recitals and as an accompanist throughout England and in several Continental countries .
he has won [many] scholarships and prizes and has performed in recitals and as an accompanist throughout england and in several continental countries .

The building owner may either employ a builder to carry out the work or opening up and eradication , or he may call in one of the numerous specialist firms to deal with the attack .
the building owner may either employ a builder to carry out the work or opening up and eradication , or he may call in one of the [many] specialist firms to deal with the attack .

Upon completing their goodbyes , the convoy is led out of the Soviet Checkpoint , past numerous East German barriers , gates and armed border guards , whose task it is to keep their own people from entering West Berlin .
upon completing their goodbyes , the convoy is led out of the soviet checkpoint , past [many] east german barriers , gates and armed border guards , whose task it is to keep their own people from entering west berlin .

’ Numerous X-rays showed that Joanna had a broken left leg and had fractures to several ribs as well as her spine .
’ [many] x-rays showed that joanna had a broken left leg and had fractures to several ribs as well as her spine .

Other research has shown how evaluations of ‘ good ’ policing vary with types of police practice , with the different ‘ types ’ of policemen conceptualizing competent practice in contrasting ways ( Muir 1977 ; Reiner 1978 ; for a review of the numerous typologies of policemen that exist in the sociology of policing see Reiner 1985 : 104–6 ) .
other research has shown how evaluations of ‘ good ’ policing vary with types of police practice , with the different ‘ types ’ of policemen conceptualizing competent practice in contrasting ways ( muir 1977 ; reiner 1978 ; for a review of the [many] typologies of policemen that exist in the sociology of policing see reiner 1985 : 104–6 ) .

Manning lists numerous categories employed in a London subdivision , such as ‘ old boots ’ , ‘ old dears ’ , ‘ cows ’ , ‘ slags ’ , ‘ greasers ’ , ‘ John Does ’ , and ‘ yobs ’ ( 1977 : 236–8 ) .
manning lists [many] categories employed in a london subdivision , such as ‘ old boots ’ , ‘ old dears ’ , ‘ cows ’ , ‘ slags ’ , ‘ greasers ’ , ‘ john does ’ , and ‘ yobs ’ ( 1977 : 236–8 ) .

Ajeya Singh returned to India and tried to refute the allegations , pointing out numerous flaws in the report , and offered his passport as evidence that he had not been in St Kitts when he was supposed to have signed documents opening the account with the now-defunct bank , the First Trust Corporation .
ajeya singh returned to india and tried to refute the allegations , pointing out [many] flaws in the report , and offered his passport as evidence that he had not been in st kitts when he was supposed to have signed documents opening the account with the now-defunct bank , the first trust corporation .

In addition , he advised the newly independent Governments of Botswana , Zambia and Zimbabwe , and served on numerous commissions and enquiries across the continent , on public services matters .
in addition , he advised the newly independent governments of botswana , zambia and zimbabwe , and served on [many] commissions and enquiries across the continent , on public services matters .

The numerous internal partitions that result have often proved anathema to modern-day breweries .
the [many] internal partitions that result have often proved anathema to modern-day breweries .

Their numerous wingless progeny weaken and distort young plant growth as they feed , spread virus diseases and produce sticky honeydew which disfigures leaves and encourages sooty mould .
their [many] wingless progeny weaken and distort young plant growth as they feed , spread virus diseases and produce sticky honeydew which disfigures leaves and encourages sooty mould .

The film and television industries are important ingredients of the city 's culture and the Festival reflects this life-style in its informal atmosphere , giving endless pleasure to the many cinema goers from the city and to the numerous professionals who visit the city for the Festival .
the film and television industries are important ingredients of the city 's culture and the festival reflects this life-style in its informal atmosphere , giving endless pleasure to the many cinema goers from the city and to the [many] professionals who visit the city for the festival .

The appeal followed numerous reports that Iraqi Government forces were committing these and other human rights violations following the recapture of cities and town in the northern Kurdish and southern Shi ' a areas of the country .
the appeal followed [many] reports that iraqi government forces were committing these and other human rights violations following the recapture of cities and town in the northern kurdish and southern shi ' a areas of the country .

Today these are still of immense import , with men deriding those in another division or section , bragging that their villains are the toughest or their section tasks more numerous and arduous .
today these are still of immense import , with men deriding those in another division or section , bragging that their villains are the toughest or their section tasks more [many] and arduous .

Both have small , numerous teeth in their upper and lower jaws .
both have small , [many] teeth in their upper and lower jaws .

Elsewhere , clownfish are numerous , hiding from your approach in the chlorophyll green of carpet anemones .
elsewhere , clownfish are [many] , hiding from your approach in the chlorophyll green of carpet anemones .

The important characteristic of an evolutionarily stable strategy , you will remember from earlier chapters , is that it carries on doing well when it is already numerous in the population of strategies .
the important characteristic of an evolutionarily stable strategy , you will remember from earlier chapters , is that it carries on doing well when it is already [many] in the population of strategies .

Other strategies became more numerous .
other strategies became more [many] .

’ Insect ‘ cuckoos ’ defy listing ; they are so numerous and their habit has been reinvented so often .
’ insect ‘ cuckoos ’ defy listing ; they are so [many] and their habit has been reinvented so often .

Ants are also good agents of protection : they are well-armed and numerous .
ants are also good agents of protection : they are well-armed and [many] .

There are numerous variations on these basic themes to suit soil , climate , and the main farming enterprises .
there are [many] variations on these basic themes to suit soil , climate , and the main farming enterprises .

Then there is that numerous class of people for whom ‘ seeing people off ’ is a bit of an outing , not one minute of which is to be lost .
then there is that [many] class of people for whom ‘ seeing people off ’ is a bit of an outing , not one minute of which is to be lost .

As a result , virtually every great house in Britain is regularly open to the public , as are numerous small manor houses .
as a result , virtually every great house in britain is regularly open to the public , as are [many] small manor houses .

The important point here is that country houses are not simply art galleries or museums , of value purely for their great paintings and furniture ; they also provide a remarkable document of numerous aspects of life and work over several centuries .
the important point here is that country houses are not simply art galleries or museums , of value purely for their great paintings and furniture ; they also provide a remarkable document of [many] aspects of life and work over several centuries .

No , no , we were told , the Department of Education and Science had numerous other potential commitments and could never commit its entire allocation to one collection .
no , no , we were told , the department of education and science had [many] other potential commitments and could never commit its entire allocation to one collection .

Numerous houses became schools , many more became hospitals and quite a number were acquired as reform schools .
[many] houses became schools , many more became hospitals and quite a number were acquired as reform schools .

Over the next four years , with the help of further Historic Building Council grants and the support of the Manifold Trust , the whole of the external structure was successfully restored : the house was given a permanent roof ; the brickwork was repaired and the numerous cracks stitched up ; and all the remarkable octagonal window sashes repaired or replaced .
over the next four years , with the help of further historic building council grants and the support of the manifold trust , the whole of the external structure was successfully restored : the house was given a permanent roof ; the brickwork was repaired and the [many] cracks stitched up ; and all the remarkable octagonal window sashes repaired or replaced .

Upland valleys present additional problems because of their often numerous isolated field barns — sometimes one for each hay meadow .
upland valleys present additional problems because of their often [many] isolated field barns — sometimes one for each hay meadow .

Raising funds for a redundant church is extremely difficult , particularly in a town like Halifax , which was suffering from industrial decline and had numerous other major buildings in search of funds .
raising funds for a redundant church is extremely difficult , particularly in a town like halifax , which was suffering from industrial decline and had [many] other major buildings in search of funds .

Fortunately , the importance and individuality of chapel architecture is now being recognized , thanks to the work of writers and teachers such as John Hilling and professor Anthony Jones , of the Texas Christian University , who has spent numerous summers visiting and photographing chapels .
fortunately , the importance and individuality of chapel architecture is now being recognized , thanks to the work of writers and teachers such as john hilling and professor anthony jones , of the texas christian university , who has spent [many] summers visiting and photographing chapels .

As a result , numerous important churches , particularly in Glasgow , have been demolished .
as a result , [many] important churches , particularly in glasgow , have been demolished .

The big supermarkets , or what seemed big supermarkets then , which disfigured numerous high streets in the 1960s , have now been replaced by a much larger generation of stores .
the big supermarkets , or what seemed big supermarkets then , which disfigured [many] high streets in the 1960s , have now been replaced by a much larger generation of stores .

Arguments such as these will weigh strongly with an inspector at a public inquiry , and there are numerous examples of local civic trusts and amenity societies working with local architects and surveyors to put up alternative schemes that will be far less damaging to their town .
arguments such as these will weigh strongly with an inspector at a public inquiry , and there are [many] examples of local civic trusts and amenity societies working with local architects and surveyors to put up alternative schemes that will be far less damaging to their town .

Statistics available from numerous British Tourist Authority surveys showed that history and tradition — in other words , heritage — formed the prime attraction for overseas visitors .
statistics available from [many] british tourist authority surveys showed that history and tradition — in other words , heritage — formed the prime attraction for overseas visitors .

Most streets are essentially a collection of frontages , and the street scene has an existence to some extent independent of the buildings behind it , enjoyed by numerous people who never enter the buildings .
most streets are essentially a collection of frontages , and the street scene has an existence to some extent independent of the buildings behind it , enjoyed by [many] people who never enter the buildings .

The effect of reinstatement would be dramatic , bringing back numerous fine buildings as focal points in the street scene .
the effect of reinstatement would be dramatic , bringing back [many] fine buildings as focal points in the street scene .

It was visited by numerous American Pros and hosted various competitions which will always be remembered by a lot of skaters and spectators , you know who you are .
it was visited by [many] american pros and hosted various competitions which will always be remembered by a lot of skaters and spectators , you know who you are .

This , coupled with numerous fragmenting experiences endured by the left over the last two decades , has made the prospect of any sort of political focus within the left in general , and in film and television studies in particular , both difficult and remote .
this , coupled with [many] fragmenting experiences endured by the left over the last two decades , has made the prospect of any sort of political focus within the left in general , and in film and television studies in particular , both difficult and remote .

And there are , of course , numerous ideas and people able to fill that space .
and there are , of course , [many] ideas and people able to fill that space .

It was marketed for a number of years and was the subject of numerous clinical reports before its use declined .
it was marketed for a number of years and was the subject of [many] clinical reports before its use declined .

Among the numerous culture plates awaiting inspection or disposal , Fleming noticed one unusual one , contaminated by a mould around which the staphylococci appeared to have been lysed ( dissolved ) .
among the [many] culture plates awaiting inspection or disposal , fleming noticed one unusual one , contaminated by a mould around which the staphylococci appeared to have been lysed ( dissolved ) .

The most obvious was to seek better compounds than the original nitrogen mustards , and numerous alkylating agents emerged during the following 30 years .
the most obvious was to seek better compounds than the original nitrogen mustards , and [many] alkylating agents emerged during the following 30 years .

So numerous drugs have become available , but the adjustments they achieve are sometimes disappointing .
so [many] drugs have become available , but the adjustments they achieve are sometimes disappointing .

After buying me lunch in a new concrete hotel called , romantically , The Interflora , she drove me back at high Skoda speed through the centre of town — choke full out , engine howling in second gear as we skidded across wet cobblestones , clipping kerbs and narrowly avoiding the numerous potholes and dug-up sections where slow attempts were being made to repair the water mains , shattered by the minus-twenty-five February temperatures .
after buying me lunch in a new concrete hotel called , romantically , the interflora , she drove me back at high skoda speed through the centre of town — choke full out , engine howling in second gear as we skidded across wet cobblestones , clipping kerbs and narrowly avoiding the [many] potholes and dug-up sections where slow attempts were being made to repair the water mains , shattered by the minus-twenty-five february temperatures .

Only a handful of the numerous pamphlets that were published at the time are included in the catalogue .
only a handful of the [many] pamphlets that were published at the time are included in the catalogue .

While ‘ male ’ magazines are too numerous to mention the equally diverse ‘ female ’ population is expected to make do with just 1 or 2 magazines with their concerns at heart .
while ‘ male ’ magazines are too [many] to mention the equally diverse ‘ female ’ population is expected to make do with just 1 or 2 magazines with their concerns at heart .

The image of woman has been moulded and portrayed in numerous ways by men , this series of paintings and drawings explores a fantasy in which women in the home are engaged in a bizarre recreation of themselves and their men , using all of women 's traditional ‘ homemade ’ handicraft skills .
the image of woman has been moulded and portrayed in [many] ways by men , this series of paintings and drawings explores a fantasy in which women in the home are engaged in a bizarre recreation of themselves and their men , using all of women 's traditional ‘ homemade ’ handicraft skills .

The West Midlands Anti-Deportation Campaign are asking people to support Dharmowtee and Prakesh , and to put pressure on the Home Office to stop the numerous unfair deportations of Black people .
the west midlands anti-deportation campaign are asking people to support dharmowtee and prakesh , and to put pressure on the home office to stop the [many] unfair deportations of black people .

There are numerous advan tages .
there are [many] advan tages .

On a polyglot diet of great classics the bookworm might have gorged himself into a mere know-all , not into a writer capable of winning , and deserving , numerous prizes , including a Nobel .
on a polyglot diet of great classics the bookworm might have gorged himself into a mere know-all , not into a writer capable of winning , and deserving , [many] prizes , including a nobel .

Numerous court hearings brought by a combination of the four brothers and their solicitors followed .
[many] court hearings brought by a combination of the four brothers and their solicitors followed .

The Pakistani army has arrested 86 people , bulldozed 20 houses and seized numerous heavy weapons in a sweep of the frontier arms-trading town of Darra .
the pakistani army has arrested 86 people , bulldozed 20 houses and seized [many] heavy weapons in a sweep of the frontier arms-trading town of darra .

Plugs took fish to 16 lb plus numerous jacks at Brewery Land bridge .
plugs took fish to 16 lb plus [many] jacks at brewery land bridge .

In October 1940 the army billeted an officer in one of the numerous spare rooms .
in october 1940 the army billeted an officer in one of the [many] spare rooms .

’ Conran also disputes the suggestion that it must be difficult for a man so wrapped up in design to divorce himself from detailed involvement in the creative process in order to tackle the numerous other tasks that befall a captain of industry .
’ conran also disputes the suggestion that it must be difficult for a man so wrapped up in design to divorce himself from detailed involvement in the creative process in order to tackle the [many] other tasks that befall a captain of industry .

When Tikhon was placed under house arrest in June 1922 , one of these movements , the Living Church , was given numerous concessions by the regime , and at first looked set to take over the role and some of the property of the Orthodox .
when tikhon was placed under house arrest in june 1922 , one of these movements , the living church , was given [many] concessions by the regime , and at first looked set to take over the role and some of the property of the orthodox .

Thus in religious and ethnic matters , Smolensk stood somewhere between safer Kursk and insecure Finland , but numerous other areas were scattered along this spectrum between Finland and Smolensk , and between Smolensk and Kursk .
thus in religious and ethnic matters , smolensk stood somewhere between safer kursk and insecure finland , but [many] other areas were scattered along this spectrum between finland and smolensk , and between smolensk and kursk .

Then there were the mass flights from the industrial cities of European Russia after 1917 , besides many regional movements too numerous to mention .
then there were the mass flights from the industrial cities of european russia after 1917 , besides many regional movements too [many] to mention .

Once in America , however , Maria soon fragments into numerous different Marias , each with her own distinctive attributes .
once in america , however , maria soon fragments into [many] different marias , each with her own distinctive attributes .

The tales of manipulation , creative accountancy and downright dishonesty starring some of these wayward entrepreneurs are numerous and well documented .
the tales of manipulation , creative accountancy and downright dishonesty starring some of these wayward entrepreneurs are [many] and well documented .

Numerous conditions may be attached to the donor 's disbursement of funds , such as the allocation of manpower to the project , or a change in pricing policy .
[many] conditions may be attached to the donor 's disbursement of funds , such as the allocation of manpower to the project , or a change in pricing policy .

This success was built on a medieval system of security and detention which caused numerous ‘ disappearances ’ .
this success was built on a medieval system of security and detention which caused [many] ‘ disappearances ’ .

The classic working-class ‘ mum ’ , living at home to look after her numerous children with the man as the bread-winner , while a folk myth sustained by the Inland Revenue and the population census amongst others in the 1970s , conformed less and less to the reality .
the classic working-class ‘ mum ’ , living at home to look after her [many] children with the man as the bread-winner , while a folk myth sustained by the inland revenue and the population census amongst others in the 1970s , conformed less and less to the reality .

Wild camping in the forest is prohibited but numerous organised sites are available both within the park and around the edges .
wild camping in the forest is prohibited but [many] organised sites are available both within the park and around the edges .

Footballers , cricketers , and boxers were the most numerous of professional sportsmen , but the best-known , especially in the late nineteenth century ‘ were jockeys .
footballers , cricketers , and boxers were the most [many] of professional sportsmen , but the best-known , especially in the late nineteenth century ‘ were jockeys .

Within the Conservative party , particularly among local activists and MPs , there had long been numerous critics of the nationalized industries and advocates of a more market-orientated economy .
within the conservative party , particularly among local activists and mps , there had long been [many] critics of the nationalized industries and advocates of a more market-orientated economy .

His views have been expressed in numerous speeches and newspaper articles and in two learned and witty books , Inside Right and Britain Can Work .
his views have been expressed in [many] speeches and newspaper articles and in two learned and witty books , inside right and britain can work .

Perhaps this helps explain something noted by Laura Levine : in the numerous tracts attacking the Elizabethan and Jacobean theatre and its dress and gender transgressions , there is a fear that men dressing as women will lead to an erosion of masculinity itself .
perhaps this helps explain something noted by laura levine : in the [many] tracts attacking the elizabethan and jacobean theatre and its dress and gender transgressions , there is a fear that men dressing as women will lead to an erosion of masculinity itself .

Among numerous other things , gay subcultures ( as opposed to the illusory ‘ truth ’ of a unitary homosexual desire ) include all three , and sometimes indistinguishably .
among [many] other things , gay subcultures ( as opposed to the illusory ‘ truth ’ of a unitary homosexual desire ) include all three , and sometimes indistinguishably .

From then on , the references to pre-capitalist systems become more and more numerous in the work of Marx and Engels , but it was really from 1880 on , when Marx was shown the work of the American anthropologist Lewis Henry Morgan that he and Engels gave a major place to the study of tribal societies .
from then on , the references to pre-capitalist systems become more and more [many] in the work of marx and engels , but it was really from 1880 on , when marx was shown the work of the american anthropologist lewis henry morgan that he and engels gave a major place to the study of tribal societies .

Marx 's attitude to the numerous anthropological works which came out between 1860 and 1880 was therefore in part one of shared enthusiasm for evolutionary theory , but also in part one of suspicion .
marx 's attitude to the [many] anthropological works which came out between 1860 and 1880 was therefore in part one of shared enthusiasm for evolutionary theory , but also in part one of suspicion .

The ruler appears ‘ as the father of all the numerous and other lesser communities ’ [ p. 69 ] .
the ruler appears ‘ as the father of all the [many] and other lesser communities ’ [ p. 69 ] .

If that class is sadly numerous today , it may be because of a common belief that ‘ British poetry has chosen to turn inwards , parochial , self-comforting and serviceable ’ .
if that class is sadly [many] today , it may be because of a common belief that ‘ british poetry has chosen to turn inwards , parochial , self-comforting and serviceable ’ .

The most important figure in the latter group is Bunting himself , so little read these days that many readers will need to be told that the title of Davie 's history refers to his masterpiece Briggflatts ( 1966 ) . Why the neglect ? Partly , Davie believes , because the British are now too ignorant of prosody to be able to hear Bunting 's precise , subtle music ; partly because , as an associate of Pound and Zukovsky , he is ‘ an embarrassment to the numerous English historians who would have it that modernism in poetry was a temporary , American-inspired distraction from a native tradition … ’
the most important figure in the latter group is bunting himself , so little read these days that many readers will need to be told that the title of davie 's history refers to his masterpiece briggflatts ( 1966 ) . why the neglect ? partly , davie believes , because the british are now too ignorant of prosody to be able to hear bunting 's precise , subtle music ; partly because , as an associate of pound and zukovsky , he is ‘ an embarrassment to the [many] english historians who would have it that modernism in poetry was a temporary , american-inspired distraction from a native tradition … ’

David Landale , Duchy secretary , said there were numerous requests for help , but the Birmingham project ‘ caught the Prince 's imagination ’ .
david landale , duchy secretary , said there were [many] requests for help , but the birmingham project ‘ caught the prince 's imagination ’ .

He played numerous cameo roles both on the large and the small screen : in The Charge of the Light Brigade and Hamlet for the cinema and in Hess , Disraeli and Suez for television .
he played [many] cameo roles both on the large and the small screen : in the charge of the light brigade and hamlet for the cinema and in hess , disraeli and suez for television .

Jan Urban , a former spokesman for the Charter 77 rights group and co-ordinator of a joint East European information service , was among numerous Czechoslovaks who befriended the refugees .
jan urban , a former spokesman for the charter 77 rights group and co-ordinator of a joint east european information service , was among [many] czechoslovaks who befriended the refugees .

Chapman studied medicine at Cambridge and , on graduating , even briefly practised it ; of more significance , however , in the light of his subsequent career , was a meeting with John Cleese , with whom he was to write and perform numerous sketches , most notably for David Frost .
chapman studied medicine at cambridge and , on graduating , even briefly practised it ; of more significance , however , in the light of his subsequent career , was a meeting with john cleese , with whom he was to write and perform [many] sketches , most notably for david frost .

Appointed to the politburo and then made founding editor of the theoretical journal Hong Qi ( 'Red Flag ' ) in 1958 , Chen wrote numerous articles attacking ‘ revisionism ’ and supporting Mao 's disastrous ‘ Great Leap Forward ’ , an ill-conceived and brutally executed drive for rapid industrialisation and rural collectivisation now blamed for the deaths of more than 15 million people .
appointed to the politburo and then made founding editor of the theoretical journal hong qi ( 'red flag ' ) in 1958 , chen wrote [many] articles attacking ‘ revisionism ’ and supporting mao 's disastrous ‘ great leap forward ’ , an ill-conceived and brutally executed drive for rapid industrialisation and rural collectivisation now blamed for the deaths of more than 15 million people .

Numerous 1,2 dithiadiazoles have been isolated and several solid state structures have been determined .
[many] 1,2 dithiadiazoles have been isolated and several solid state structures have been determined .

All chapters include numerous references to the recent literature , but this is not merely a compilation of the work of others .
all chapters include [many] references to the recent literature , but this is not merely a compilation of the work of others .

John Bartram was recommended : ‘ being a native of Pensilvania with a numerous family , the profits arising from gathering seeds would enable him to support it .
john bartram was recommended : ‘ being a native of pensilvania with a [many] family , the profits arising from gathering seeds would enable him to support it .

It uses outside expertise , but more especially numerous local individuals ' skills .
it uses outside expertise , but more especially [many] local individuals ' skills .

Birmingham is the capital of ‘ Balti ’ in Britain — a delicious type of Kashmiri cuisine , with numerous excellent Balti houses around the Stratford Road area .
birmingham is the capital of ‘ balti ’ in britain — a delicious type of kashmiri cuisine , with [many] excellent balti houses around the stratford road area .

The Duke also conducted a mission to the coronation of Emperor Nicholas of Russia in 1826 , the Emperor returning the visit by attending , in 1844 , a magnificent garden fete at Chiswick House , with hundreds of guests , numerous musicians , and for that occasion , giraffes were also introduced .
the duke also conducted a mission to the coronation of emperor nicholas of russia in 1826 , the emperor returning the visit by attending , in 1844 , a magnificent garden fete at chiswick house , with hundreds of guests , [many] musicians , and for that occasion , giraffes were also introduced .

Edward , Prince of Wales , began to share the numerous public functions and his marriage in 1863 to the beautiful Princess Alexandra of Denmark was greeted with joy .
edward , prince of wales , began to share the [many] public functions and his marriage in 1863 to the beautiful princess alexandra of denmark was greeted with joy .

There were numerous reasons for this .
there were [many] reasons for this .

The expression , ‘ Up Sauchie , doon Buchie , and alang Argyle ’ , which referred to nocturnal activities that ran parallel to the day-time ambience of these great Clydeside boulevards , might also have included Blythswood Square , once home of the infamous poisoner Madaleine Smith , and latterly , numerous other ladies with hearts of loose change and the instincts of a blushing tarantula .
the expression , ‘ up sauchie , doon buchie , and alang argyle ’ , which referred to nocturnal activities that ran parallel to the day-time ambience of these great clydeside boulevards , might also have included blythswood square , once home of the infamous poisoner madaleine smith , and latterly , [many] other ladies with hearts of loose change and the instincts of a blushing tarantula .

Det Supt Malcolm Corps , leading the inquiry , said : ‘ The house has numerous tenants and is not secure .
det supt malcolm corps , leading the inquiry , said : ‘ the house has [many] tenants and is not secure .

Farms in this category are more numerous ; there are 5,688 in Scotland with an average of 197 ewes and 49 beef cows .
farms in this category are more [many] ; there are 5,688 in scotland with an average of 197 ewes and 49 beef cows .

This information is supported by numerous figures , references and tables of examples , which enable the reader to assess the scope as well as the limitations of the reaction in question .
this information is supported by [many] figures , references and tables of examples , which enable the reader to assess the scope as well as the limitations of the reaction in question .

In Washington , the trend-setting Crown bookstores , sited in numerous malls , all offer deep discounts , although for sheer pleasure Bridge Street Books in Georgetown is the ultimate spot for a bibliophile .
in washington , the trend-setting crown bookstores , sited in [many] malls , all offer deep discounts , although for sheer pleasure bridge street books in georgetown is the ultimate spot for a bibliophile .

He has a doctorate in social work from the University of Pennsylvania and is the author of numerous publications , including The New Human Service Worker ( Praeger , 1975 ) , Mass Media and Human Services ( Sage , 1983 ) and with Ruben Schindler , Social Care at the Front Line ( Routledge , 1987 ) .
he has a doctorate in social work from the university of pennsylvania and is the author of [many] publications , including the new human service worker ( praeger , 1975 ) , mass media and human services ( sage , 1983 ) and with ruben schindler , social care at the front line ( routledge , 1987 ) .

Yet this is only one intermediate event among the numerous reverberating consequences of social work intervention .
yet this is only one intermediate event among the [many] reverberating consequences of social work intervention .

On the death of his third wife , Charles lived with no less than three concubines who bore him numerous children .
on the death of his third wife , charles lived with no less than three concubines who bore him [many] children .

Even the ubiquitous black-faced sheep are far less numerous than in the past .
even the ubiquitous black-faced sheep are far less [many] than in the past .

Many windsurfing texts that aim to make you a better sailor explain the skills and techniques you need to master in a ‘ how to do it ’ format , with numerous photographic sequences of the manoeuvres involved .
many windsurfing texts that aim to make you a better sailor explain the skills and techniques you need to master in a ‘ how to do it ’ format , with [many] photographic sequences of the manoeuvres involved .

To learn the basics of the sport it is best to go to one of the numerous windsurfing schools around the country .
to learn the basics of the sport it is best to go to one of the [many] windsurfing schools around the country .

There are numerous variations possible , so experiment with different feet angles and see which one suits your style best .
there are [many] variations possible , so experiment with different feet angles and see which one suits your style best .

The best way to perfect this is to do numerous light wind gybes since the technique is the same but everything happens slower .
the best way to perfect this is to do [many] light wind gybes since the technique is the same but everything happens slower .

These three shapes provide the basis for numerous other permutations in rail profile .
these three shapes provide the basis for [many] other permutations in rail profile .

There are numerous different outline shapes used to achieve different widths , but the three most common are the pintail , the rounded pintail winger and the squash tail .
there are [many] different outline shapes used to achieve different widths , but the three most common are the pintail , the rounded pintail winger and the squash tail .

Not only is this position dangerous , but it is also the way numerous masts are broken .
not only is this position dangerous , but it is also the way [many] masts are broken .

One of his chapters is entitled ‘ The Beat as an Obstacle Race ’ , which is a good way of thinking about it since the obstacles to your progress are the numerous areas of dirty wind provided by other sails and you have to do your utmost to avoid them .
one of his chapters is entitled ‘ the beat as an obstacle race ’ , which is a good way of thinking about it since the obstacles to your progress are the [many] areas of dirty wind provided by other sails and you have to do your utmost to avoid them .

‘ It has already found numerous ways of making changes at A-level acceptable .
‘ it has already found [many] ways of making changes at a-level acceptable .

But she also denied knowing Dassac , and the police subsequently discovered that she had had numerous telephone conversations with him and paid him large sums of money under a false name through a Swiss bank account .
but she also denied knowing dassac , and the police subsequently discovered that she had had [many] telephone conversations with him and paid him large sums of money under a false name through a swiss bank account .

Individual pastors have helped to found some of the numerous opposition groups while bishops have intervened to put an end to confrontations between the police and reformers .
individual pastors have helped to found some of the [many] opposition groups while bishops have intervened to put an end to confrontations between the police and reformers .

Numerous societies including the Cheltenham & Gloucester , National & Provincial , Norwich & Peterborough and Birmingham Midshires have been in the frame as possible targets .
[many] societies including the cheltenham & gloucester , national & provincial , norwich & peterborough and birmingham midshires have been in the frame as possible targets .

The solution the unions and workforce prefer is increased investment to overcome the numerous production bottlenecks at Dagenham .
the solution the unions and workforce prefer is increased investment to overcome the [many] production bottlenecks at dagenham .

The statement , entitled ‘ Socialism needs everyone ’ , followed a meeting of the 21 members of the Politburo , who also brought in numerous members of the lower-ranking Central Committee — a rare event which only occurs when urgent and important issues are at stake .
the statement , entitled ‘ socialism needs everyone ’ , followed a meeting of the 21 members of the politburo , who also brought in [many] members of the lower-ranking central committee — a rare event which only occurs when urgent and important issues are at stake .

‘ UnAmerican had numerous meanings depending on the level of sophistication to which it was addressed .
‘ unamerican had [many] meanings depending on the level of sophistication to which it was addressed .

He had not spoken once since arriving at the unit and had suffered numerous epileptic fits .
he had not spoken once since arriving at the unit and had suffered [many] epileptic fits .

There were tarnished brass bedsteads ; curved swords in beaded scabbards ; caricatures of beaky men in top hats ; piles of willow-pattern plates ; a stuffed pike , barely visible in a filthy glass case ; books with pages freckled by damp ; boxes of cricket balls bearing small silver shields ; a photographic enlarger ; scoring boards for billiards ; hatstands ; teapots with chipped spouts , and numerous other objects which Mungo was unable to identify .
there were tarnished brass bedsteads ; curved swords in beaded scabbards ; caricatures of beaky men in top hats ; piles of willow-pattern plates ; a stuffed pike , barely visible in a filthy glass case ; books with pages freckled by damp ; boxes of cricket balls bearing small silver shields ; a photographic enlarger ; scoring boards for billiards ; hatstands ; teapots with chipped spouts , and [many] other objects which mungo was unable to identify .

There were slatted seats along both sides , under which were numerous pairs of white , rubber soled shoes and cylindrical black leather cases bearing initials .
there were slatted seats along both sides , under which were [many] pairs of white , rubber soled shoes and cylindrical black leather cases bearing initials .

They posed numerous questions .
they posed [many] questions .

It seemed to Marie like those ‘ executive-style ’ rooms she had seen in numerous television advertisements and soap operas : bright , spacious and open plan with acres of carpets , a jungle of lush potted plants , low leather chairs with squashy seats and coffee tables , casually strewn with expensive , up-market magazines .
it seemed to marie like those ‘ executive-style ’ rooms she had seen in [many] television advertisements and soap operas : bright , spacious and open plan with acres of carpets , a jungle of lush potted plants , low leather chairs with squashy seats and coffee tables , casually strewn with expensive , up-market magazines .

The judgement of observers of the misfortunes of others were influenced by numerous factors , such as the scale of the calamity and its proximity or remoteness , as well as by prejudices arising from class and privilege .
the judgement of observers of the misfortunes of others were influenced by [many] factors , such as the scale of the calamity and its proximity or remoteness , as well as by prejudices arising from class and privilege .

On the other hand numerous studies have shown that clay from one locality , if not always of a single composition , has at least a reasonably uniform and limited compositional range , whereas clays from different locations ( towns , countries , continents ) have different chemical compositions because they reflect differences in the underlying geology .
on the other hand [many] studies have shown that clay from one locality , if not always of a single composition , has at least a reasonably uniform and limited compositional range , whereas clays from different locations ( towns , countries , continents ) have different chemical compositions because they reflect differences in the underlying geology .

From the seventeenth century onwards antiquarians recognised that the polished stone axes found at numerous sites in Britain were made of stone that was not available locally .
from the seventeenth century onwards antiquarians recognised that the polished stone axes found at [many] sites in britain were made of stone that was not available locally .

Samples from the horse were analysed , and the isotope results showed that quarries high up on Mount Pentelikon were the source , rather than the more numerous and better-known quarries at the foot of the mountain .
samples from the horse were analysed , and the isotope results showed that quarries high up on mount pentelikon were the source , rather than the more [many] and better-known quarries at the foot of the mountain .

However , generally speaking , of the numerous ancient metallic artefacts still in existence , relatively few can be provenanced purely through elemental analysis .
however , generally speaking , of the [many] ancient metallic artefacts still in existence , relatively few can be provenanced purely through elemental analysis .

Poovey cites numerous articles describing the sexual and hysterical behaviour of women under the influence of anaesthetic .
poovey cites [many] articles describing the sexual and hysterical behaviour of women under the influence of anaesthetic .

The packing , even with the new suitcases , presented numerous problems .
the packing , even with the new suitcases , presented [many] problems .

Thus in a rapidly growing population there will be relatively few older people , as in many contemporary Third World countries ; while in a stagnant population they will be relatively more numerous , and more of them will lack the support of children .
thus in a rapidly growing population there will be relatively few older people , as in many contemporary third world countries ; while in a stagnant population they will be relatively more [many] , and more of them will lack the support of children .

Despite the vast size of their houses and the numerous servants surrounding each aristocratic family , on the death of a Victorian head of household ‘ his or her resident family was expected to leave to make way for the incoming heir and his or her family .
despite the vast size of their houses and the [many] servants surrounding each aristocratic family , on the death of a victorian head of household ‘ his or her resident family was expected to leave to make way for the incoming heir and his or her family .

Despite extensive evidence from numerous independent sources to the effect that there is little to choose between the performance of a well formulated detergent and the invariably more expensive combined products , known as sanitisers , a whole industry has been built around marketing sanitisation .
despite extensive evidence from [many] independent sources to the effect that there is little to choose between the performance of a well formulated detergent and the invariably more expensive combined products , known as sanitisers , a whole industry has been built around marketing sanitisation .

machines : Despite being used for a variety of functions , including cleaning crockery , bottles , trays , crates and numerous other items , these machines all operate on the same general principle .
machines : despite being used for a variety of functions , including cleaning crockery , bottles , trays , crates and [many] other items , these machines all operate on the same general principle .

With cameras in hand , numerous shooting hours pass , allowing the pieces to be gathered .
with cameras in hand , [many] shooting hours pass , allowing the pieces to be gathered .

We begin to leaf through two large black plan chests containing examples of numerous advertising campaigns that he has been involved in over the years .
we begin to leaf through two large black plan chests containing examples of [many] advertising campaigns that he has been involved in over the years .

Here we would never maintain the whole is suffering environmental decline , but that parts of it are , and this matters to the numerous people living there .
here we would never maintain the whole is suffering environmental decline , but that parts of it are , and this matters to the [many] people living there .

Engineers are often most concerned with the attainments of a high level or technical competence which has resulted in the gradual erosion of the general level of social awareness and perspective necessary for an engineer to serve his community usefully … There are numerous examples where there has been an effort to apply an engineering solution to a problem without taking adequate account of all its parameters ( tube-wells and salination , road building and rural income distribution ) .
engineers are often most concerned with the attainments of a high level or technical competence which has resulted in the gradual erosion of the general level of social awareness and perspective necessary for an engineer to serve his community usefully … there are [many] examples where there has been an effort to apply an engineering solution to a problem without taking adequate account of all its parameters ( tube-wells and salination , road building and rural income distribution ) .

But the power of the urban elite , in a modern state , is determined not by its economic role alone , but by its capacity to organise , centralise and control … Rural people , while much more numerous than urban people , are also much more dispersed , poor , inarticulate and unorganised .
but the power of the urban elite , in a modern state , is determined not by its economic role alone , but by its capacity to organise , centralise and control … rural people , while much more [many] than urban people , are also much more dispersed , poor , inarticulate and unorganised .

The subjects covered are numerous .
the subjects covered are [many] .

The practical problems which the photographer faces with such a shot are numerous .
the practical problems which the photographer faces with such a shot are [many] .

As befits a building of such national importance , there are numerous myths concerning the castle 's foundation .
as befits a building of such national importance , there are [many] myths concerning the castle 's foundation .

It begins as a mock-documentary on Simon Rodia ( architect of the Watts towers ) and then shifts through stories-within-stories , digressions , verbal improvisations ( explicitly modelled on jazz ) , and numerous references to the practicalities of narrating .
it begins as a mock-documentary on simon rodia ( architect of the watts towers ) and then shifts through stories-within-stories , digressions , verbal improvisations ( explicitly modelled on jazz ) , and [many] references to the practicalities of narrating .

His churches showed an equally acute awareness of changing fashions : the neo-perpendicular of his fan-vaulted church of St John , Edinburgh ( 1818 ) , which challenged comparison with anything in England at that date , was superseded by the elegant Early English and neo-Norman of the numerous churches he built for the Duke of Buccleuch in the 1830s , and in 1843 by the mid-Decorated of his St Mary 's , Dundee , in which he reproduced in a much richer form the arcades and clerestory of the burned-down medieval church instead of building the usual preaching box desired by presbyterian divines at that time .
his churches showed an equally acute awareness of changing fashions : the neo-perpendicular of his fan-vaulted church of st john , edinburgh ( 1818 ) , which challenged comparison with anything in england at that date , was superseded by the elegant early english and neo-norman of the [many] churches he built for the duke of buccleuch in the 1830s , and in 1843 by the mid-decorated of his st mary 's , dundee , in which he reproduced in a much richer form the arcades and clerestory of the burned-down medieval church instead of building the usual preaching box desired by presbyterian divines at that time .

The sense of shared knowledge and teamwork has been further accentuated by the numerous glimpses and views up into the studio spaces , the upstairs offices and surrounding meeting rooms .
the sense of shared knowledge and teamwork has been further accentuated by the [many] glimpses and views up into the studio spaces , the upstairs offices and surrounding meeting rooms .

Elsewhere in the building , most staff benefit only from an under-floor air exchange system — and numerous open windows .
elsewhere in the building , most staff benefit only from an under-floor air exchange system — and [many] open windows .

The reconciliation of floor levels throughout was another bugbear — hence the ramp at the door , the sloping walkways and numerous short flights .
the reconciliation of floor levels throughout was another bugbear — hence the ramp at the door , the sloping walkways and [many] short flights .

An apparently fundamental issue is whether the scheme is voluntary or ‘ mandatory ’ ( or compulsory — the terms are numerous ) .
an apparently fundamental issue is whether the scheme is voluntary or ‘ mandatory ’ ( or compulsory — the terms are [many] ) .

He cited recent by-election setbacks and pointed to numerous opinion polls indicating that the party 's prospects of winning an election would be better under his leadership .
he cited recent by-election setbacks and pointed to [many] opinion polls indicating that the party 's prospects of winning an election would be better under his leadership .

Tourism has declined during the recession and numerous small businesses protest that they have been hit hard by the uniform business rate .
tourism has declined during the recession and [many] small businesses protest that they have been hit hard by the uniform business rate .

The ‘ hospital ’ , with doctor on call , hairdressing salon , numerous lounges and generous deck-space confirmed impression of a luxuriously-appointed ship .
the ‘ hospital ’ , with doctor on call , hairdressing salon , [many] lounges and generous deck-space confirmed impression of a luxuriously-appointed ship .

Lord 's fitness had a lot to do with his rally from a 2-0 deficit in games but Newton did not help his cause by incurring numerous conduct penalty points .
lord 's fitness had a lot to do with his rally from a 2-0 deficit in games but newton did not help his cause by incurring [many] conduct penalty points .

The comment happens to be about the writer 's home station , but much of it might equally apply to numerous others .
the comment happens to be about the writer 's home station , but much of it might equally apply to [many] others .

Railfreight is the sole user of numerous yards , sidings and terminals .
railfreight is the sole user of [many] yards , sidings and terminals .

For example , the early years of the decade saw numerous freight-only branches close because in most cases only a handful of wagonload traffic was being conveyed — uneconomically .
for example , the early years of the decade saw [many] freight-only branches close because in most cases only a handful of wagonload traffic was being conveyed — uneconomically .

How do you privatise a business of numerous loss-makers ?
how do you privatise a business of [many] loss-makers ?

In total one can only marvel at the numerous stations opened in the 1980s and it is pleasing to note that many more are in the pipeline .
in total one can only marvel at the [many] stations opened in the 1980s and it is pleasing to note that many more are in the pipeline .

Anna Pavord 's proposal ( 27 September ) that the interior should be rebuilt as ‘ a series of simple , clean well-designed rooms ’ for the display of the contents saved from the fire ignores the fact that the furniture and paintings at Uppark were either designed or collected by the Fetherstonhaugh family over numerous generations especially for the rooms in which they lived .
anna pavord 's proposal ( 27 september ) that the interior should be rebuilt as ‘ a series of simple , clean well-designed rooms ’ for the display of the contents saved from the fire ignores the fact that the furniture and paintings at uppark were either designed or collected by the fetherstonhaugh family over [many] generations especially for the rooms in which they lived .

Here are scattered numerous slate boulders which have been carried by glacier action and dumped on a limestone shelf .
here are scattered [many] slate boulders which have been carried by glacier action and dumped on a limestone shelf .

As with any guidebook , especially one which covers an area as large as this , you can pick out numerous faults .
as with any guidebook , especially one which covers an area as large as this , you can pick out [many] faults .

In Canto 107 , the Sicilian references suddenly come quite thick and fast , spliced into numerous quotations from Sir Edward Coke .
in canto 107 , the sicilian references suddenly come quite thick and fast , spliced into [many] quotations from sir edward coke .

The greater spread of American higher education means that , proportionate to population , there are far more universities , all with English departments ; if they were as proportionately numerous in Britain , we would have about 1,000 universities .
the greater spread of american higher education means that , proportionate to population , there are far more universities , all with english departments ; if they were as proportionately [many] in britain , we would have about 1,000 universities .

Days later , MPs and newspapers will be swamped by Identikit letters and Identikit amendments tabled to numerous parliamentary Bills .
days later , mps and newspapers will be swamped by identikit letters and identikit amendments tabled to [many] parliamentary bills .

The bill includes proposals for a new television channel , three new national commercial radio channels and numerous local services .
the bill includes proposals for a new television channel , three new national commercial radio channels and [many] local services .

The late 19th century was a busy time for , despite numerous bankruptcies in other clothing districts , Eastington 's mills were working at full capacity .
the late 19th century was a busy time for , despite [many] bankruptcies in other clothing districts , eastington 's mills were working at full capacity .

The Painswick Stream provided the power for numerous mills .
the painswick stream provided the power for [many] mills .

The area around Brimscombe was once a hive of industry , with numerous mills .
the area around brimscombe was once a hive of industry , with [many] mills .

Shillito Stather , who then owned the mill , carried out a fairly substantial enlargement of the site , creating the Little , North , South and Middle Mills , as well as numerous related buildings .
shillito stather , who then owned the mill , carried out a fairly substantial enlargement of the site , creating the little , north , south and middle mills , as well as [many] related buildings .

As with numerous other mill sites , it has waxed and waned in importance , and over the centuries has been home to many individuals and industries .
as with [many] other mill sites , it has waxed and waned in importance , and over the centuries has been home to many individuals and industries .

The Windrush has supported numerous mills over the centuries , some of which are still standing .
the windrush has supported [many] mills over the centuries , some of which are still standing .

It is possible to attempt to justify poor practice by claiming that it 's response to parents wishes : silent classrooms brought about by severe discipline , numerous paper exercises completed to provide evidence of industry and antiquated forms of behaviour paraded as good manners are just some examples .
it is possible to attempt to justify poor practice by claiming that it 's response to parents wishes : silent classrooms brought about by severe discipline , [many] paper exercises completed to provide evidence of industry and antiquated forms of behaviour paraded as good manners are just some examples .

There are numerous examples of ways in which schools have worked to establish an understanding and identity with the curriculum by parents .
there are [many] examples of ways in which schools have worked to establish an understanding and identity with the curriculum by parents .

It was pointless to try to catch them on their own ground as their friends were too numerous and their alibis too readily available .
it was pointless to try to catch them on their own ground as their friends were too [many] and their alibis too readily available .

There were cuts and abrasions to the lips and jaw and also numerous depressed areas to the base of the skull and a massive fracture across the base of the skull .
there were cuts and abrasions to the lips and jaw and also [many] depressed areas to the base of the skull and a massive fracture across the base of the skull .

At the time , the red herrings were too numerous to tabulate , but one man who did receive the most meticulous scrutiny of Inspector Berret , was called Walter Candy .
at the time , the red herrings were too [many] to tabulate , but one man who did receive the most meticulous scrutiny of inspector berret , was called walter candy .

The sightings of Philip Drew that evening had been numerous and well-attested .
the sightings of philip drew that evening had been [many] and well-attested .

Numerous witnesses for the prosecution followed each other with almost boring repetition into the box .
[many] witnesses for the prosecution followed each other with almost boring repetition into the box .

Before he came to the department last month , Peckham was director of the British Postgraduate Medical Federation in London , which coordinates numerous research institutes .
before he came to the department last month , peckham was director of the british postgraduate medical federation in london , which coordinates [many] research institutes .

After the numerous alterations the palazzo was renamed several times , becoming the Palazzo Nationale of the Cisalpine Republic and the Palazzo Reale , the royal palace , property of the Crown , following unification .
after the [many] alterations the palazzo was renamed several times , becoming the palazzo nationale of the cisalpine republic and the palazzo reale , the royal palace , property of the crown , following unification .

Inside , the palazzo was originally decorated with numerous fine frescoes , but many of these did not survive the war years .
inside , the palazzo was originally decorated with [many] fine frescoes , but many of these did not survive the war years .

Between 1955 and 1959 Blake betrayed numerous agents in the East .
between 1955 and 1959 blake betrayed [many] agents in the east .

According to Ali Akbar Rafsanjani , the powerful speaker of the Iranian parliament , ‘ The Americans started contacting us through scores of channels begging us to help them in the Lebanon ; through Japan , our neighbouring countries like Pakistan , our embassies , the United Nations and numerous arms brokers .
according to ali akbar rafsanjani , the powerful speaker of the iranian parliament , ‘ the americans started contacting us through scores of channels begging us to help them in the lebanon ; through japan , our neighbouring countries like pakistan , our embassies , the united nations and [many] arms brokers .

Although there were numerous landowners , including Magdalen College , Oxford , which maintained a school there , the Bridgewaters ' influence was predominant .
although there were [many] landowners , including magdalen college , oxford , which maintained a school there , the bridgewaters ' influence was predominant .

In the twentieth century there have been numerous if somewhat isolated expressions of interest in Leapor 's work .
in the twentieth century there have been [many] if somewhat isolated expressions of interest in leapor 's work .

Widows were numerous , for example , in the publishing business .
widows were [many] , for example , in the publishing business .

It should , however , be observed that labouring people produced numerous prose works during this time .
it should , however , be observed that labouring people produced [many] prose works during this time .

Examples from the time of Duck 's appearance through the rest of the century are numerous .
examples from the time of duck 's appearance through the rest of the century are [many] .

She had been through here on numerous occasions .
she had been through here on [many] occasions .

The institutional church , preoccupied with orthodoxy and fundamentally opposed to Marxism because it is viewed as materialistic and atheistic , is made up of bishops , priests , laity and religious movements who , though not very numerous , are powerful , partly because the laity of the group belong to the wealthier classes .
the institutional church , preoccupied with orthodoxy and fundamentally opposed to marxism because it is viewed as materialistic and atheistic , is made up of bishops , priests , laity and religious movements who , though not very [many] , are powerful , partly because the laity of the group belong to the wealthier classes .

Each ceremony for each child requires a new set of godparents so , as most Latin American couples have many children , there are numerous opportunities for establishing new sets of compadres .
each ceremony for each child requires a new set of godparents so , as most latin american couples have many children , there are [many] opportunities for establishing new sets of compadres .

Generalisations about the education level and skills of the migrants are difficult to make for such a numerous and varied section of the population .
generalisations about the education level and skills of the migrants are difficult to make for such a [many] and varied section of the population .

Potential divisions within the class arc numerous .
potential divisions within the class arc [many] .

At Al-Nakura , our truck parked , along with numerous other ones .
at al-nakura , our truck parked , along with [many] other ones .

‘ Where would you put it ? ’ Vic inquires , looking round at the kitchen surfaces already cluttered with numerous electrical appliances — toaster , kettle , coffee-maker , food-processor , electric wok , chip-fryer , waffle-maker …
‘ where would you put it ? ’ vic inquires , looking round at the kitchen surfaces already cluttered with [many] electrical appliances — toaster , kettle , coffee-maker , food-processor , electric wok , chip-fryer , waffle-maker …

She got lost in the labyrinth of yards and passageways that separated the numerous buildings , many of them apparently disused or derelict , that covered the factory site , and there was nobody around to direct her .
she got lost in the labyrinth of yards and passageways that separated the [many] buildings , many of them apparently disused or derelict , that covered the factory site , and there was nobody around to direct her .

It became the biggest local employer , with a basic work-force of about 1,500 , and numerous additional contractors constantly in demand .
it became the biggest local employer , with a basic work-force of about 1,500 , and [many] additional contractors constantly in demand .

As numerous objectors pointed out , the amount spent annually by the government on research into renewable energy has been less than a tenth of the spending on nuclear research .
as [many] objectors pointed out , the amount spent annually by the government on research into renewable energy has been less than a tenth of the spending on nuclear research .

Today there are numerous multi-lingual States , without this necessarily weakening national unity .
today there are [many] multi-lingual states , without this necessarily weakening national unity .

The fall of the Manchus in China hinted at the far wider rebellion that would mark the first half of the twentieth century , transforming world political geography from a handful of empires , maps on which only the primary colours were needed to show each domain , to a mass of independent States , more numerous than the ingenuity of any distinguishable colour range .
the fall of the manchus in china hinted at the far wider rebellion that would mark the first half of the twentieth century , transforming world political geography from a handful of empires , maps on which only the primary colours were needed to show each domain , to a mass of independent states , more [many] than the ingenuity of any distinguishable colour range .

Lenin was willing to make concessions , but not on the centralized unity of the party — ‘ we must not weaken the force of our offensive by breaking into numerous independent political parties ; we must not introduce estrangement and isolation and then have to heal an artificially implanted disease with the aid of these notorious ‘ federal ’ , plasters ’ .
lenin was willing to make concessions , but not on the centralized unity of the party — ‘ we must not weaken the force of our offensive by breaking into [many] independent political parties ; we must not introduce estrangement and isolation and then have to heal an artificially implanted disease with the aid of these notorious ‘ federal ’ , plasters ’ .

There were numerous other stirrings of national opinion , from the Baltic States to the Transcaucasus .
there were [many] other stirrings of national opinion , from the baltic states to the transcaucasus .

It would have been impossible to predict the way events developed after October 1917 , and the policy of the Party seemed on numerous grounds to be the most sensible , the only one which went some way to reconciling the need for large economic units ( which , rightly or wrongly , was assumed to be decisive for material progress ) and for democracy , understood as the right of peoples to choose their own State .
it would have been impossible to predict the way events developed after october 1917 , and the policy of the party seemed on [many] grounds to be the most sensible , the only one which went some way to reconciling the need for large economic units ( which , rightly or wrongly , was assumed to be decisive for material progress ) and for democracy , understood as the right of peoples to choose their own state .

Offering the richest purse on the Tour — with a $ 50,000 first prize — this is a mobile contest that can take its pick among the numerous world-class waves of the North Shore .
offering the richest purse on the tour — with a $ 50,000 first prize — this is a mobile contest that can take its pick among the [many] world-class waves of the north shore .

What he meant was that there are numerous examples of repeating patterns , and embryos seem to like breaking up into repeated units .
what he meant was that there are [many] examples of repeating patterns , and embryos seem to like breaking up into repeated units .

One has only to glance at a human skeleton to see the numerous segments of the vertebral column .
one has only to glance at a human skeleton to see the [many] segments of the vertebral column .

It is possible to rearrange the cells of the early mouse embryo in numerous combinations and normal development will still occur .
it is possible to rearrange the cells of the early mouse embryo in [many] combinations and normal development will still occur .

It was the result of a carefully planned experiment based on numerous other experiments performed over a long period .
it was the result of a carefully planned experiment based on [many] other experiments performed over a long period .

There are numerous experiments in which the cells of the four-to eight-cell stage embryo are rearranged and recombined , always giving rise to normal development .
there are [many] experiments in which the cells of the four-to eight-cell stage embryo are rearranged and recombined , always giving rise to normal development .

But we have to recognize that the ingredients of a satisfactory life are numerous .
but we have to recognize that the ingredients of a satisfactory life are [many] .

Since 1977 numerous schemes have been introduced in England and Wales .
since 1977 [many] schemes have been introduced in england and wales .

This lead to numerous less-than-chivalrous characters joining the Christian armies for their own reasons .
this lead to [many] less-than-chivalrous characters joining the christian armies for their own reasons .

We set out from Spean Bridge , where numerous coach parties enjoy real Highland hospitality in the Little Chef , before choosing from a rich selection of tartan travel rugs and heather-perfumed candles in the gift shop , and chugged our way up past Corriechoille farm .
we set out from spean bridge , where [many] coach parties enjoy real highland hospitality in the little chef , before choosing from a rich selection of tartan travel rugs and heather-perfumed candles in the gift shop , and chugged our way up past corriechoille farm .

The Andes is obviously a good place to go looking for an eruption of an andesite lava , but one would be extremely lucky to find one , because although there are numerous ‘ active ’ volcanoes along the Andean chain , andesite eruptions are really rather rare events compared to basaltic ones .
the andes is obviously a good place to go looking for an eruption of an andesite lava , but one would be extremely lucky to find one , because although there are [many] ‘ active ’ volcanoes along the andean chain , andesite eruptions are really rather rare events compared to basaltic ones .

As she crossed the street towards the far corner by the church entrance , the young woman was careful to step over the littering of prawn shells and orange peel , fish tails and broken heads of artichoke that had accumulated in the numerous depressions afforded by the badly laid cobbles .
as she crossed the street towards the far corner by the church entrance , the young woman was careful to step over the littering of prawn shells and orange peel , fish tails and broken heads of artichoke that had accumulated in the [many] depressions afforded by the badly laid cobbles .

If you think it ca n't happen to you , think again — the horror stories are too numerous to discount .
if you think it ca n't happen to you , think again — the horror stories are too [many] to discount .

However , numerous external small cracks or a single large crack are signs of movement which need expert investigation by a structural engineer .
however , [many] external small cracks or a single large crack are signs of movement which need expert investigation by a structural engineer .

Finally , all systems require frost-stats to prevent freeze-ups , and numerous isolating stop-cocks .
finally , all systems require frost-stats to prevent freeze-ups , and [many] isolating stop-cocks .

The reasons are numerous and sometimes complex but curiosity about the planet on which we live is a prime motivator .
the reasons are [many] and sometimes complex but curiosity about the planet on which we live is a prime motivator .

Already by the year 1200 there were numerous signs of economic pressure on time , and even two centuries earlier it appears that peasants and artisans near Fleury tended to ignore feast-days through a need to work in their fields .
already by the year 1200 there were [many] signs of economic pressure on time , and even two centuries earlier it appears that peasants and artisans near fleury tended to ignore feast-days through a need to work in their fields .

In the course of the fourteenth century mechanical clocks became progressively more numerous in Europe , most of those that were not installed in churches being public clocks .
in the course of the fourteenth century mechanical clocks became progressively more [many] in europe , most of those that were not installed in churches being public clocks .

This necessitates , in turn , a far more numerous and ubiquitous police presence than in other kinds of area , far more frequent unpleasant contact with the public as potential suspects , and far greater opportunities for police misjudgment or abuse .
this necessitates , in turn , a far more [many] and ubiquitous police presence than in other kinds of area , far more frequent unpleasant contact with the public as potential suspects , and far greater opportunities for police misjudgment or abuse .

Numerous examples of this line of argument can be found in Dear 's report on Handsworth , and in press coverage during the riots .
[many] examples of this line of argument can be found in dear 's report on handsworth , and in press coverage during the riots .

It remains to be seen whether it will suffer the fate of numerous other initiatives on the inner cities and fade into obscurity .
it remains to be seen whether it will suffer the fate of [many] other initiatives on the inner cities and fade into obscurity .

Should the ensuing insomnia mean dropping off during the day , then again you will be awakened , this time by real Hercules transport planes — Elveden Forest , being in East Anglia , is very close to numerous air-bases and so many jets scream overhead that one expects any minute to bump into a tight-lipped Kate Adie dressed in camouflage fatigues .
should the ensuing insomnia mean dropping off during the day , then again you will be awakened , this time by real hercules transport planes — elveden forest , being in east anglia , is very close to [many] air-bases and so many jets scream overhead that one expects any minute to bump into a tight-lipped kate adie dressed in camouflage fatigues .

During the 1970s and 1980s there were numerous protest marches which ended in widespread public disorder , and in two cases in fatal injuries .
during the 1970s and 1980s there were [many] protest marches which ended in widespread public disorder , and in two cases in fatal injuries .

It is channelled into a Fallopian tube , with the aid of the finger-like projections which surround its aperture , and which are themselves covered by numerous cilia , resembling tiny eye-lashes .
it is channelled into a fallopian tube , with the aid of the finger-like projections which surround its aperture , and which are themselves covered by [many] cilia , resembling tiny eye-lashes .

However , the sex of the fetus will be known in numerous situations of antenatal diagnosis other than for sex-linked diseases , and it now seems that some women seek abortions merely because they are dissatisfied with the sex of the fetus .
however , the sex of the fetus will be known in [many] situations of antenatal diagnosis other than for sex-linked diseases , and it now seems that some women seek abortions merely because they are dissatisfied with the sex of the fetus .

Because of its numerous pubs and inns , it was the meeting place of many airmen from Deenethorpe , Kings Cliffe and Polebrook .
because of its [many] pubs and inns , it was the meeting place of many airmen from deenethorpe , kings cliffe and polebrook .

There are numerous flights of stairs , therefore the tour is only suitable for reasonably physically fit people .
there are [many] flights of stairs , therefore the tour is only suitable for reasonably physically fit people .

Examples of damage from all these pollutants are numerous .
examples of damage from all these pollutants are [many] .

It would appear that , with the numerous methods of preserving food which abound in the Western World and the food industry 's obsession for pristine packaging , food poisoning would be a thing of the past .
it would appear that , with the [many] methods of preserving food which abound in the western world and the food industry 's obsession for pristine packaging , food poisoning would be a thing of the past .

They continue to converse at cross purposes and wonder why their numerous conversations never seem to get anywhere or resolve any disagreement .
they continue to converse at cross purposes and wonder why their [many] conversations never seem to get anywhere or resolve any disagreement .

The Jacobite army , thanks to the numerous absentees who had gone foraging , numbered no more than 5000 , arranged in two ranks , with most of the Highlanders in front and the Irish and French in the rear .
the jacobite army , thanks to the [many] absentees who had gone foraging , numbered no more than 5000 , arranged in two ranks , with most of the highlanders in front and the irish and french in the rear .

This is how it was for Regina who from 1942 , when she was eighteen , suffered numerous breakdowns .
this is how it was for regina who from 1942 , when she was eighteen , suffered [many] breakdowns .

‘ Management development programme being set up for all departments and supervisory training for clerical and manual staff ’ … ‘ Various career development and management courses ’ … ‘ Numerous management development programmes for several levels of management and supervisory ’ .
‘ management development programme being set up for all departments and supervisory training for clerical and manual staff ’ … ‘ various career development and management courses ’ … ‘ [many] management development programmes for several levels of management and supervisory ’ .

Greek , on the other hand , has numerous words that we translate as love .
greek , on the other hand , has [many] words that we translate as love .

Their damage to cereals is mainly in the spring when the young rabbits are most numerous , but they are not often credited for the plus side of their food intake .
their damage to cereals is mainly in the spring when the young rabbits are most [many] , but they are not often credited for the plus side of their food intake .

He knew about religion , politics , philosophy , astrology , music , and numerous other facts and figures relating to human endeavour .
he knew about religion , politics , philosophy , astrology , music , and [many] other facts and figures relating to human endeavour .

Golfers , with bags of clubs over shoulders , boarded tramcars which would take them to many of the numerous golf-clubs in and around the city .
golfers , with bags of clubs over shoulders , boarded tramcars which would take them to many of the [many] golf-clubs in and around the city .

He has condemned the programme as depressive , blamed it for our low national morale , inquired on numerous occasions why they ca n't sing something sophisticated for a change and twice called upon the public to stick a pitchfork through Jack Emblow 's accordion .
he has condemned the programme as depressive , blamed it for our low national morale , inquired on [many] occasions why they ca n't sing something sophisticated for a change and twice called upon the public to stick a pitchfork through jack emblow 's accordion .

To meet the demand for beef , cattle had to become rapidly more numerous and also bigger .
to meet the demand for beef , cattle had to become rapidly more [many] and also bigger .

The Hereford is probably the most numerous and widely distributed beef breed in the world .
the hereford is probably the most [many] and widely distributed beef breed in the world .

Unusually for the time , in the eighteenth century there were numerous lists describing the cows of Flanders and Liège with details of more than 71,000 individual animals , including their coat colour and details of the patterns .
unusually for the time , in the eighteenth century there were [many] lists describing the cows of flanders and liège with details of more than 71,000 individual animals , including their coat colour and details of the patterns .

Yet in the nineteenth century the ‘ Breton pie-noir ’ was so numerous that it was found far from its native area — for example in southwest France to make amends for the inadequacies of the local Gascon as a milker .
yet in the nineteenth century the ‘ breton pie-noir ’ was so [many] that it was found far from its native area — for example in southwest france to make amends for the inadequacies of the local gascon as a milker .

At the time it was , in fact , France 's most numerous breed , though often poorly cared for and lean .
at the time it was , in fact , france 's most [many] breed , though often poorly cared for and lean .

Even the shape of a tree — with its numerous branches and twigs — resembles the general outline of our own lungs .
even the shape of a tree — with its [many] branches and twigs — resembles the general outline of our own lungs .

There are numerous relaxation techniques taught by experts in the field of ‘ stress management ’ .
there are [many] relaxation techniques taught by experts in the field of ‘ stress management ’ .

It is the end of October and the water temperature has dropped several degrees in the past few weeks , the minnow shoals are less numerous and the chub are fighting fit .
it is the end of october and the water temperature has dropped several degrees in the past few weeks , the minnow shoals are less [many] and the chub are fighting fit .

Alan Walker is Professor of Social Policy and Chairperson of the Department of Sociological Studies at Sheffield University and has published numerous books and articles on ageing and social policy .
alan walker is professor of social policy and chairperson of the department of sociological studies at sheffield university and has published [many] books and articles on ageing and social policy .

Good directors are neither numerous nor ready-made .
good directors are neither [many] nor ready-made .

Phil Leigh set off on a mazy run , negotiating numerous tackles before crossing from the byeline to Wagstaff who found the net .
phil leigh set off on a mazy run , negotiating [many] tackles before crossing from the byeline to wagstaff who found the net .

Other events included a Surrey County short tennis session , a ‘ challenge-the-pro ’ competition and numerous other attractions involving junior and experienced players alike .
other events included a surrey county short tennis session , a ‘ challenge-the-pro ’ competition and [many] other attractions involving junior and experienced players alike .

There are numerous other studies , but the three referred to above are diverse enough in their findings to draw attention to a characteristic problem of user studies : the wide variations in results .
there are [many] other studies , but the three referred to above are diverse enough in their findings to draw attention to a characteristic problem of user studies : the wide variations in results .

Many of the numerous pamphlet bibliographies published each year are useful for stock revision purposes — particularly in very specific , discrete subject areas .
many of the [many] pamphlet bibliographies published each year are useful for stock revision purposes — particularly in very specific , discrete subject areas .

Soup kitchens were more numerous than blast furnaces , and Coalbrookdale declined almost into an industrial ghost town .
soup kitchens were more [many] than blast furnaces , and coalbrookdale declined almost into an industrial ghost town .

off Tottenham Court Road , west London , one of ‘ the numerous streets which have been devoted time out of mind to professional people , dispensaries and boarding-houses ’ .
off tottenham court road , west london , one of ‘ the [many] streets which have been devoted time out of mind to professional people , dispensaries and boarding-houses ’ .

The Minke whales , which are numerous , should be culled because they are impeding the recovery of the endangered Blue Whale .
the minke whales , which are [many] , should be culled because they are impeding the recovery of the endangered blue whale .

However , numerous methodological problems arising in these papers make comparison of the results extremely difficult .
however , [many] methodological problems arising in these papers make comparison of the results extremely difficult .

Despite numerous secondary conditions ( i.e .
despite [many] secondary conditions ( i.e .

In addition to mitochondria , platelet cytoplasm contains numerous granules and dense bodies which have been distinguished by density , ultrastructural studies and biochemical content .
in addition to mitochondria , platelet cytoplasm contains [many] granules and dense bodies which have been distinguished by density , ultrastructural studies and biochemical content .

α-granules are the most numerous of platelet organelles and they have a variety of densities and staining characteristics .
α-granules are the most [many] of platelet organelles and they have a variety of densities and staining characteristics .

As has been seen , the platelet α — granules contain a large number of proteins and are very numerous in the platelet cytoplasm .
as has been seen , the platelet α — granules contain a large number of proteins and are very [many] in the platelet cytoplasm .

It is to be hoped that some of the numerous shales in the Devonian and Carboniferous sections may prove to have been sufficiently ductile to restrain escape over the long timespan involved , despite the degree of deformation to which they have been subjected .
it is to be hoped that some of the [many] shales in the devonian and carboniferous sections may prove to have been sufficiently ductile to restrain escape over the long timespan involved , despite the degree of deformation to which they have been subjected .

The succeeding New Red deposits gradually buried a landscape broken by numerous faults , some of which remained active outlining subsiding basins that are now filled with thick Permo-Triassic sediments .
the succeeding new red deposits gradually buried a landscape broken by [many] faults , some of which remained active outlining subsiding basins that are now filled with thick permo-triassic sediments .

There are numerous examples of tricks like this .
there are [many] examples of tricks like this .

To give a full description of even a simple evening out at the theatre could cover numerous pages , and it is unlikely that the writer has the time or wish to do this .
to give a full description of even a simple evening out at the theatre could cover [many] pages , and it is unlikely that the writer has the time or wish to do this .

There are numerous instances of volunteers being asked to do things ( such as administering electric shocks to other people ) which are really social situations deliberately created to test people 's reactions to authority .
there are [many] instances of volunteers being asked to do things ( such as administering electric shocks to other people ) which are really social situations deliberately created to test people 's reactions to authority .

But there are numerous instances which come to my mind of research in which all the problems of analysis were left until the survey had been done and then anything up to , or even over , a year was needed to sort out the tangled mass of answers to vague questions .
but there are [many] instances which come to my mind of research in which all the problems of analysis were left until the survey had been done and then anything up to , or even over , a year was needed to sort out the tangled mass of answers to vague questions .

My mother attempted suicide on numerous occasions .
my mother attempted suicide on [many] occasions .

Soon afterwards , Gary was back on drugs , living with a girl , and then came numerous confidence tricks .
soon afterwards , gary was back on drugs , living with a girl , and then came [many] confidence tricks .

Jesus Christ brought in the Piscean Age ( hence , it is alleged , the ichthus fish sign of the new church and the numerous allusions to fishermen being turned into fishers of men ) .
jesus christ brought in the piscean age ( hence , it is alleged , the ichthus fish sign of the new church and the [many] allusions to fishermen being turned into fishers of men ) .

The girl threw caution to the wind and tried to make the most of every minute via sex , drink , numerous abortions , and late-night revels .
the girl threw caution to the wind and tried to make the most of every minute via sex , drink , [many] abortions , and late-night revels .

This is especially true when the information given by the patient turns out to be astonishingly accurate , as on numerous occasions .
this is especially true when the information given by the patient turns out to be astonishingly accurate , as on [many] occasions .

The most numerous would more accurately be described as clairsentients ; sensing things through their ‘ third eye ’ or ‘ sixth sense ’ .
the most [many] would more accurately be described as clairsentients ; sensing things through their ‘ third eye ’ or ‘ sixth sense ’ .

The staff had heard it before on numerous occasions but nothing as severe or as noisy as on this particular night .
the staff had heard it before on [many] occasions but nothing as severe or as noisy as on this particular night .

The list of similarities is too numerous for these pages .
the list of similarities is too [many] for these pages .

The world 's Jeanne Dixons have , for example , to explain away the numerous warnings about contacting the dead ( Leviticus 19:31 : 20:6,7 & 27 , ; Deuteronomy 18:10,11 ; 1 Samuel 28:7,8 ; 2 Kings 23:24 and others ) .
the world 's jeanne dixons have , for example , to explain away the [many] warnings about contacting the dead ( leviticus 19:31 : 20:6,7 & 27 , ; deuteronomy 18:10,11 ; 1 samuel 28:7,8 ; 2 kings 23:24 and others ) .

Few cheapjacks went to the Tuesday market , but there were numerous stalls selling vegetables , fish , clothing and many other items .
few cheapjacks went to the tuesday market , but there were [many] stalls selling vegetables , fish , clothing and many other items .

During the carnival , an open air Pierrot Show was in operation in front of the Shady Bower Pavilion and there were numerous side shows around the field .
during the carnival , an open air pierrot show was in operation in front of the shady bower pavilion and there were [many] side shows around the field .

This is because there are many processes involved in fossilization that may change the composition of the fauna at numerous stages of its preservation .
this is because there are many processes involved in fossilization that may change the composition of the fauna at [many] stages of its preservation .

The Westbury sediments are middle Pleistocene in age with numerous small mammal faunas in different parts of the breccia sequences .
the westbury sediments are middle pleistocene in age with [many] small mammal faunas in different parts of the breccia sequences .

This is certainly true , as it will be seen , of the Westbury small mammal faunas , but it also applies to numerous other sites .
this is certainly true , as it will be seen , of the westbury small mammal faunas , but it also applies to [many] other sites .

12 deals with road wagon repairs , though it is tending to become also a motor road vehicle body making and repair shop as these vehicles are becoming more numerous .
12 deals with road wagon repairs , though it is tending to become also a motor road vehicle body making and repair shop as these vehicles are becoming more [many] .

Enjoy numerous scenic drives , or walk along coastlines taking in the breathtaking views Northern Ireland has to offer .
enjoy [many] scenic drives , or walk along coastlines taking in the breathtaking views northern ireland has to offer .

There are , at present , over 46 parks and playing field sites under the control of the Belfast Parks Department , along with a Zoological Garden , a major tree and shrub nursery , seven cemeteries and historical graveyards and numerous open spaces scattered throughout the city .
there are , at present , over 46 parks and playing field sites under the control of the belfast parks department , along with a zoological garden , a major tree and shrub nursery , seven cemeteries and historical graveyards and [many] open spaces scattered throughout the city .

The ‘ buts ’ were stronger and more numerous .
the ‘ buts ’ were stronger and more [many] .

He has numerous animals to care for , he is playing the organ in the next door church and the piano at home .
he has [many] animals to care for , he is playing the organ in the next door church and the piano at home .

We can show that within an ‘ activity ’ there will be numerous various smaller engagements between teacher and children .
we can show that within an ‘ activity ’ there will be [many] various smaller engagements between teacher and children .

This led him to numerous adventures in penetrating to Kabul and beyond , which have been described by Smith , Barber-Lomax , and especially Alder , who studied much of the terrain , in enthusiastic detail .
this led him to [many] adventures in penetrating to kabul and beyond , which have been described by smith , barber-lomax , and especially alder , who studied much of the terrain , in enthusiastic detail .

Secondly , Coleman may have been one of the numerous band of teachers , at present out of fashion , who put their main energies into what after all may be considered the prime function of a teaching institution — teaching .
secondly , coleman may have been one of the [many] band of teachers , at present out of fashion , who put their main energies into what after all may be considered the prime function of a teaching institution — teaching .

They pointed out that near large towns horses were , in any case , more numerous than cattle , and that diseased cattle would be sent to slaughter rather than to the veterinarian .
they pointed out that near large towns horses were , in any case , more [many] than cattle , and that diseased cattle would be sent to slaughter rather than to the veterinarian .

Numerous visits both to the school and out to the partners are taking place across the whole curriculum .
[many] visits both to the school and out to the partners are taking place across the whole curriculum .

In Sheffield the steel industry provides numerous vehicles which can enable teachers to achieve their curriculum objectives in the various subject domains in ways which are meaningful and interesting for teachers , students and parents — all need to be exploited in the good learning environment .
in sheffield the steel industry provides [many] vehicles which can enable teachers to achieve their curriculum objectives in the various subject domains in ways which are meaningful and interesting for teachers , students and parents — all need to be exploited in the good learning environment .

However , there could be numerous reasons for this happening : isolating particular factors may be very difficult .
however , there could be [many] reasons for this happening : isolating particular factors may be very difficult .

At the present time there are numerous artificial barriers to takeovers sanctioned by the domestic legislation of member states .
at the present time there are [many] artificial barriers to takeovers sanctioned by the domestic legislation of member states .

The decision making stage is particularly dynamic often comprising numerous iterations in order to clearly identify/isolate the problem and then to identify/optimise solutions .
the decision making stage is particularly dynamic often comprising [many] iterations in order to clearly identify/isolate the problem and then to identify/optimise solutions .

Defer/Do Now Decision : With numerous disciplines and technologies incorporated within aircraft designs the task of assessing total airworthiness has become increasingly more difficult .
defer/do now decision : with [many] disciplines and technologies incorporated within aircraft designs the task of assessing total airworthiness has become increasingly more difficult .

‘ … in winter his private balls were numerous enough for any young lady who was not suffering under the insatiable appetite of fifteen . ’ Sense and Sensibility , Jane Austen
‘ … in winter his private balls were [many] enough for any young lady who was not suffering under the insatiable appetite of fifteen . ’ sense and sensibility , jane austen

Here you can see a collection of old fashioned and rare farm animals : — Shire and Suffolk Punch horses , other mares and foals , donkeys , Longhorn cows and calves , a variety of pigs and piglets , goats , rabbits and numerous breeds of domestic poultry .
here you can see a collection of old fashioned and rare farm animals : — shire and suffolk punch horses , other mares and foals , donkeys , longhorn cows and calves , a variety of pigs and piglets , goats , rabbits and [many] breeds of domestic poultry .

Credit managers had had their prison threat weapon taken away from them after reports of exploitation and deceptive trading practices by certain ‘ loan sharks ’ became too numerous for the government to ignore .
credit managers had had their prison threat weapon taken away from them after reports of exploitation and deceptive trading practices by certain ‘ loan sharks ’ became too [many] for the government to ignore .

Numerous people ran into debt from being unable or unwilling to settle their credit card accounts at all or in full each month , and allowing their purchases to grow in price as every month passed , but the sums people in Britain owed in this way was a very small proportion of the total outstanding personal credit granted , which in 1987 Janet Ford reckoned in her book The Indebted Society was £30,000 million .
[many] people ran into debt from being unable or unwilling to settle their credit card accounts at all or in full each month , and allowing their purchases to grow in price as every month passed , but the sums people in britain owed in this way was a very small proportion of the total outstanding personal credit granted , which in 1987 janet ford reckoned in her book the indebted society was £30,000 million .

There are numerous harvest customs throughout this country and abroad , and some involve burning the straw effigy of such a figure .
there are [many] harvest customs throughout this country and abroad , and some involve burning the straw effigy of such a figure .

This worked very well , but in 1988 people were pushing in from the sides instead of joining the queues , and tempers were becoming frayed and the situation somewhat dangerous as people trampled over the numerous electricity cables and water pipes .
this worked very well , but in 1988 people were pushing in from the sides instead of joining the queues , and tempers were becoming frayed and the situation somewhat dangerous as people trampled over the [many] electricity cables and water pipes .

Two days of celebrations were planned for the visitors — some from as far away as Canada and Australia — including a funfair , helicopter rides , fireworks and dancing and numerous side stalls .
two days of celebrations were planned for the visitors — some from as far away as canada and australia — including a funfair , helicopter rides , fireworks and dancing and [many] side stalls .

The group had had numerous discussions about whether or not they should have a rotating chairperson , some people arguing fiercely that we should n't imitate male structures , that we were developing genuinely new ways of relating , conducting political discussions ; we must all learn to be more sensitive , not interrupt each other , not talk for too long .
the group had had [many] discussions about whether or not they should have a rotating chairperson , some people arguing fiercely that we should n't imitate male structures , that we were developing genuinely new ways of relating , conducting political discussions ; we must all learn to be more sensitive , not interrupt each other , not talk for too long .

In the meantime the women 's liberation movement was changing rapidly ; expanding , feminists were becoming active in a whole range of trade union activities , setting up women 's centres , refuges for battered wives , all kinds of research , discussion … the group , although it continued to meet , give or take a member or two , for a further four years , was a friendship , a support group of women who had struggled through to political consciousness together , and whose own political allegiances sparked off in many directions : a gay commune , further teaching , trade union organising , membership of one of the numerous revolutionary left-wing groupings which flourished in the seventies , involved in producing feminist journals .
in the meantime the women 's liberation movement was changing rapidly ; expanding , feminists were becoming active in a whole range of trade union activities , setting up women 's centres , refuges for battered wives , all kinds of research , discussion … the group , although it continued to meet , give or take a member or two , for a further four years , was a friendship , a support group of women who had struggled through to political consciousness together , and whose own political allegiances sparked off in many directions : a gay commune , further teaching , trade union organising , membership of one of the [many] revolutionary left-wing groupings which flourished in the seventies , involved in producing feminist journals .

In 1685 Judge Jeffreys held his Bloody Assizes in the Great Hall and Queen Victoria , the Duke of Wellington , Coleridge and Disraeli are among the numerous historic figures who have stayed here .
in 1685 judge jeffreys held his bloody assizes in the great hall and queen victoria , the duke of wellington , coleridge and disraeli are among the [many] historic figures who have stayed here .

Families of genes with multiple copies are numerous in all animals and plant studied so far .
families of genes with multiple copies are [many] in all animals and plant studied so far .

Hardest hit is the guanay cormorant , the most numerous species .
hardest hit is the guanay cormorant , the most [many] species .

He has been beaten , nearly drowned and jailed on numerous occasions — but never actually stopped .
he has been beaten , nearly drowned and jailed on [many] occasions — but never actually stopped .

The energy spectrum of atmospheric turbulence persists down to the smallest scales , and to trap the maximum amount of energy the valves must be as small and numerous as possible , The payload of Daedalus 's new craft will be conventionally suspended from cords around its rim .
the energy spectrum of atmospheric turbulence persists down to the smallest scales , and to trap the maximum amount of energy the valves must be as small and [many] as possible , the payload of daedalus 's new craft will be conventionally suspended from cords around its rim .

The waters off North Carolina host numerous fish , a potential biological vector for transport of waste materials .
the waters off north carolina host [many] fish , a potential biological vector for transport of waste materials .

And there are numerous ‘ science centres ’ the world over , generally having no collections of relics or precious objects , but dealing instead with ‘ hands-on ’ experience and aiming at the lively presentation of ideas in preference to artifacts .
and there are [many] ‘ science centres ’ the world over , generally having no collections of relics or precious objects , but dealing instead with ‘ hands-on ’ experience and aiming at the lively presentation of ideas in preference to artifacts .

If our much smaller , and much more numerous local museums are also to come in from the cold , the only route open to them is the one of providing a stimulating and memorable learning experience .
if our much smaller , and much more [many] local museums are also to come in from the cold , the only route open to them is the one of providing a stimulating and memorable learning experience .

But as numerous commentators have observed , and opinion polls bear out , most people now regard unemployment as a fact of life to be endured , almost as beyond politics as the weather .
but as [many] commentators have observed , and opinion polls bear out , most people now regard unemployment as a fact of life to be endured , almost as beyond politics as the weather .

Those left behind after the turmoil at our printers are , it seems , coming to enjoy their new work , despite numerous shortcomings in the computers that are supposed to make their lives easier .
those left behind after the turmoil at our printers are , it seems , coming to enjoy their new work , despite [many] shortcomings in the computers that are supposed to make their lives easier .

The Klasies River Mouth site is made to sound almost idyllic by Ronald Singer and John Wymer , who excavated there during two seasons from 1966 to 1968 : ‘ while the sea was close , the attractions of the site were numerous : an almost unlimited supply of shellfish ; large and small mammals available for hunting in the immediate hinter land and at watering places along the adjacent river ; abundant fresh water ; seals , dolphins and fishes from the sea ; marine birds to be caught easily on the beach ; natural caves and rock shelters for protection ; and an unlimited supply of good quality siliceous quartzite for making tools and weapons .
the klasies river mouth site is made to sound almost idyllic by ronald singer and john wymer , who excavated there during two seasons from 1966 to 1968 : ‘ while the sea was close , the attractions of the site were [many] : an almost unlimited supply of shellfish ; large and small mammals available for hunting in the immediate hinter land and at watering places along the adjacent river ; abundant fresh water ; seals , dolphins and fishes from the sea ; marine birds to be caught easily on the beach ; natural caves and rock shelters for protection ; and an unlimited supply of good quality siliceous quartzite for making tools and weapons .

We 've had various explanations , including the British Post Office telling us that Australia 's strike record is as bad as Britain 's and that there have been numerous disputes that have delayed the mail to that country .
we 've had various explanations , including the british post office telling us that australia 's strike record is as bad as britain 's and that there have been [many] disputes that have delayed the mail to that country .

He made numerous studies of insects , believing that this could lead to the production of useful materials and to ways of controlling insect pests .
he made [many] studies of insects , believing that this could lead to the production of useful materials and to ways of controlling insect pests .

Lovins 's adversaries were both numerous and powerful ; and they drew some consolation from his tendency to write prose of baroque opacity , sometimes more than 50 per cent footnotes , and accessible only to the dogged .
lovins 's adversaries were both [many] and powerful ; and they drew some consolation from his tendency to write prose of baroque opacity , sometimes more than 50 per cent footnotes , and accessible only to the dogged .

Garden escapes are also a distinctive feature providing drifts of iris ( Iris spp ) and Lupin ( Lupinus spp ) alongside railway tracks , rhododendrons ( Rhododendron spp ) in woodland and numerous other species such as bladder senna ( Colutea arborescens ) .
garden escapes are also a distinctive feature providing drifts of iris ( iris spp ) and lupin ( lupinus spp ) alongside railway tracks , rhododendrons ( rhododendron spp ) in woodland and [many] other species such as bladder senna ( colutea arborescens ) .

Numerous workers for subcontracting companies died building Japan 's power stations , for example .
[many] workers for subcontracting companies died building japan 's power stations , for example .

Minkowski 's name is now permanently associated with many of his numerous contributions to mathematics .
minkowski 's name is now permanently associated with many of his [many] contributions to mathematics .

The harvested apples piled up in the fields and were welcomed by numerous rabbits .
the harvested apples piled up in the fields and were welcomed by [many] rabbits .

Where a coaxial system serves numerous homes over a large area , high quality low-noise cable must be used with amplifiers to boost the signal and compensate for losses .
where a coaxial system serves [many] homes over a large area , high quality low-noise cable must be used with amplifiers to boost the signal and compensate for losses .

Possibly the Allan Hills present a more complete barrier to ice flow than do the Yamato Mountains , which may let numerous specimens ride past them .
possibly the allan hills present a more complete barrier to ice flow than do the yamato mountains , which may let [many] specimens ride past them .

During the past 50 years numerous studies have shown that the relatives of schizophrenics have a higher than expected likelihood of contracting the disease .
during the past 50 years [many] studies have shown that the relatives of schizophrenics have a higher than expected likelihood of contracting the disease .

There are numerous cross-references in the book where apparently different problems reduce to the same theoretical form .
there are [many] cross-references in the book where apparently different problems reduce to the same theoretical form .

The most numerous were the rhynchosaurs .
the most [many] were the rhynchosaurs .

These are complemented by numerous diagrams of great clarity and relevance to the accompanying text .
these are complemented by [many] diagrams of great clarity and relevance to the accompanying text .

Finally ( aside from numerous fascinating appendices and notes ) we find a postlude discussing the repeated major changes made to education in general and mathematics in particular since 1960 .
finally ( aside from [many] fascinating appendices and notes ) we find a postlude discussing the repeated major changes made to education in general and mathematics in particular since 1960 .

Numerous other predators and pathogens ( viruses , bacteria , protozoa , fungi and nematodes ) are also being investigated and the following are ready for evaluation in the field : Poecilia reticula and Aplocheilus spp. , fish that feed on mosquito larvae ; Bocillus sphaericus , a spore-forming bacterium that attacks mosquitoes ; Culicinomyces clavosporus , a fungus that kills mosquitoes ; and Romano- mermis culicivorax , a nematode worm that inhabits and kills mosquito larvae .
[many] other predators and pathogens ( viruses , bacteria , protozoa , fungi and nematodes ) are also being investigated and the following are ready for evaluation in the field : poecilia reticula and aplocheilus spp. , fish that feed on mosquito larvae ; bocillus sphaericus , a spore-forming bacterium that attacks mosquitoes ; culicinomyces clavosporus , a fungus that kills mosquitoes ; and romano- mermis culicivorax , a nematode worm that inhabits and kills mosquito larvae .

Extensive branching leads to numerous contacts with the host , and ultimately covers the host with a tangled mass of vines .
extensive branching leads to [many] contacts with the host , and ultimately covers the host with a tangled mass of vines .

During all this growth dodder obtains its nourishment from the host through numerous absorptive organs called haustoria which develop all along the coiled regions of the vine on the inner surface in contact with the host .
during all this growth dodder obtains its nourishment from the host through [many] absorptive organs called haustoria which develop all along the coiled regions of the vine on the inner surface in contact with the host .

We found that cytokinins , a class of plant hormones , could induce the formation of numerous haustoria on ‘ free ’ dodder vines in the absence of a host , adding a new dimension to the problem of haustoria development .
we found that cytokinins , a class of plant hormones , could induce the formation of [many] haustoria on ‘ free ’ dodder vines in the absence of a host , adding a new dimension to the problem of haustoria development .

Galapagos hawks , for instance , are numerous on Santiago and would quickly gather round the plentiful carcasses .
galapagos hawks , for instance , are [many] on santiago and would quickly gather round the plentiful carcasses .

Since then , research on numerous tokamaks has enhanced that confidence .
since then , research on [many] tokamaks has enhanced that confidence .

At the other end of the scale there are those schools , and they are numerous , where children enjoy the benefit of an adequate weatherproof classroom , something to sit and something to write on .
at the other end of the scale there are those schools , and they are [many] , where children enjoy the benefit of an adequate weatherproof classroom , something to sit and something to write on .

Multinational publishers also made a considerable contribution and investment to the process of subject curriculum development , in co-operation with institutes and centres , through the funding of writers ' workshops in Science , Mathematics and later , Social Studies and in the production , on numerous occasions , of trial editions , particularly of language courses .
multinational publishers also made a considerable contribution and investment to the process of subject curriculum development , in co-operation with institutes and centres , through the funding of writers ' workshops in science , mathematics and later , social studies and in the production , on [many] occasions , of trial editions , particularly of language courses .

The term Dunrossness has numerous geographical referents , only one of which , a narrow zone in the centre of the research area , has community characteristics in Shetlanders ' eyes .
the term dunrossness has [many] geographical referents , only one of which , a narrow zone in the centre of the research area , has community characteristics in shetlanders ' eyes .

They have numerous subdivisions , defined along various dimensions .
they have [many] subdivisions , defined along various dimensions .

The question of social ranking entered into numerous informal interviews and discussions with both Shetlanders and incomers .
the question of social ranking entered into [many] informal interviews and discussions with both shetlanders and incomers .

Numerous different scales are apparent e.g .
[many] different scales are apparent e.g .

Most of these views were expressed , in less articulate terms , in numerous informal discussions arranged with members of the relevant departments of the council bureaucracy , prior to fieldwork in Shetland .
most of these views were expressed , in less articulate terms , in [many] informal discussions arranged with members of the relevant departments of the council bureaucracy , prior to fieldwork in shetland .

In more complex societies , bureaucracy impinges upon its citizens with even greater frequency and immediacy on a multiplicity of fronts and in numerous different contexts , entering many aspects of production and consumption , perhaps most aspects in ‘ corporate ’ societies .
in more complex societies , bureaucracy impinges upon its citizens with even greater frequency and immediacy on a multiplicity of fronts and in [many] different contexts , entering many aspects of production and consumption , perhaps most aspects in ‘ corporate ’ societies .

He devoted his life to writing and submitted numerous articles to Scottish and English magazines , but success eluded him and he was unable to support himself .
he devoted his life to writing and submitted [many] articles to scottish and english magazines , but success eluded him and he was unable to support himself .

Varnishing took about 6 weeks to complete as numerous coats were applied — 15 coats for copal varnish and 30 coats for spirit varnish .
varnishing took about 6 weeks to complete as [many] coats were applied — 15 coats for copal varnish and 30 coats for spirit varnish .

Wherever the records of mankind 's history and prehistory are to be found , whether in the ancient and strangely charactered , but nevertheless understandable by the learned , writings of bygone civilisations , or in the numerous findings of decades of archaeological investigations into the past history of human life , there is always evidence of belief in some form of ‘ god ’ .
wherever the records of mankind 's history and prehistory are to be found , whether in the ancient and strangely charactered , but nevertheless understandable by the learned , writings of bygone civilisations , or in the [many] findings of decades of archaeological investigations into the past history of human life , there is always evidence of belief in some form of ‘ god ’ .

Christianity , following in the inevitable course of illogically based religions , ultimately became sharply divided into two major ‘ churches ’ , Roman Catholic and Protestant , with numerous subdivisions .
christianity , following in the inevitable course of illogically based religions , ultimately became sharply divided into two major ‘ churches ’ , roman catholic and protestant , with [many] subdivisions .

Any enquiry into the causes of the failures of the Christian religion , must disclose that the existence of the two great divisions and of the numerous minor ones , is not the main issue , and not the cause of the failure of the religion to establish itself as wholly acceptable to all mankind .
any enquiry into the causes of the failures of the christian religion , must disclose that the existence of the two great divisions and of the [many] minor ones , is not the main issue , and not the cause of the failure of the religion to establish itself as wholly acceptable to all mankind .

There are numerous examples of the manner in which distorted religious teaching has done harm .
there are [many] examples of the manner in which distorted religious teaching has done harm .

Whatever excuses or explanations may be offered in mitigation of the numerous indictments that may be levelled against the organised religions , surely nothing can vindicate their apparent widespread abandonment of responsibility to denounce the decline of standards on all moral fronts .
whatever excuses or explanations may be offered in mitigation of the [many] indictments that may be levelled against the organised religions , surely nothing can vindicate their apparent widespread abandonment of responsibility to denounce the decline of standards on all moral fronts .

Right from the start of the period and up to this present time late in the twentieth century , it has provided numerous examples of the manner in which mankind has failed again and again , in his efforts to mitigate the suffering inherent in the ruthless laws of evolution by replacing them with something better , something which it called ‘ civilisation ’ .
right from the start of the period and up to this present time late in the twentieth century , it has provided [many] examples of the manner in which mankind has failed again and again , in his efforts to mitigate the suffering inherent in the ruthless laws of evolution by replacing them with something better , something which it called ‘ civilisation ’ .

Their particular contributions are special to them because they were aware of the religious nature of their activities , but it is the actions of millions of people outside the specifically religious scene who , in their everyday lives , have in all probability created the bulk of the vast store of ‘ units of goodness ’ by their numerous kindly acts .
their particular contributions are special to them because they were aware of the religious nature of their activities , but it is the actions of millions of people outside the specifically religious scene who , in their everyday lives , have in all probability created the bulk of the vast store of ‘ units of goodness ’ by their [many] kindly acts .

These leaders provided truly great contributions to the items of ‘ goodness ’ which can thus be enshrined , for not only did they themselves set the seal of ‘ good ’ , for all time , on numerous human actions , but they influenced millions of others to do likewise .
these leaders provided truly great contributions to the items of ‘ goodness ’ which can thus be enshrined , for not only did they themselves set the seal of ‘ good ’ , for all time , on [many] human actions , but they influenced millions of others to do likewise .

These classes had grown and become more diverse ; merchants and artisans were more numerous , and their place in economic life far more effective , than in the tenth century .
these classes had grown and become more diverse ; merchants and artisans were more [many] , and their place in economic life far more effective , than in the tenth century .

The early hill forts have been studied by waves of archaeologists almost as numerous as their early invaders .
the early hill forts have been studied by waves of archaeologists almost as [many] as their early invaders .

In marked contrast , the numerous cities to the west of Venice , from Verona , across the Lombard plain to Milan and Turin , were centres of great farming regions and varied industry .
in marked contrast , the [many] cities to the west of venice , from verona , across the lombard plain to milan and turin , were centres of great farming regions and varied industry .

Thus archbishops , forging links with the Holy See , and numerous pilgrims , plied this and other routes between north and south , finding the road to Rome .
thus archbishops , forging links with the holy see , and [many] pilgrims , plied this and other routes between north and south , finding the road to rome .

It has been observed that Christian fortresses in Syria on numerous occasions failed to act as any sort of check on the movement of Muslim armies .
it has been observed that christian fortresses in syria on [many] occasions failed to act as any sort of check on the movement of muslim armies .

In England the codes of the Anglo-Saxon kings , although they covered only a fraction of the area covered by custom , and although they contained numerous traditional items , involved some new legislation and made little pretence of not doing so .
in england the codes of the anglo-saxon kings , although they covered only a fraction of the area covered by custom , and although they contained [many] traditional items , involved some new legislation and made little pretence of not doing so .

Yet the tradition of the Germanic tribes was that judgement should be pronounced by the whole body of freemen , by all the ‘ suitors ’ , all those who had the right and duty of regular attendance at the court ; and the jurisdiction of the old royal and popular courts was cut across here , there and everywhere by the numerous feudal courts erected in increasing numbers on the basis of royal grant or mere usurpation from the ninth century onwards , and in the eleventh and twelfth by the appearance of borough courts and town courts of various kinds and courts which merchants set up to handle their own problems , which could hardly be handled by the warrior president or the yokel suitors of a popular court .
yet the tradition of the germanic tribes was that judgement should be pronounced by the whole body of freemen , by all the ‘ suitors ’ , all those who had the right and duty of regular attendance at the court ; and the jurisdiction of the old royal and popular courts was cut across here , there and everywhere by the [many] feudal courts erected in increasing numbers on the basis of royal grant or mere usurpation from the ninth century onwards , and in the eleventh and twelfth by the appearance of borough courts and town courts of various kinds and courts which merchants set up to handle their own problems , which could hardly be handled by the warrior president or the yokel suitors of a popular court .

We have provided comics , magazines , records and cassettes ; we have installed comfortable seating and modern furniture , and have laid on numerous events and activities : we have been successful in updating our image , but one of the consequences of our success has been the degree to which we have attracted the rowdier elements of the local youth .
we have provided comics , magazines , records and cassettes ; we have installed comfortable seating and modern furniture , and have laid on [many] events and activities : we have been successful in updating our image , but one of the consequences of our success has been the degree to which we have attracted the rowdier elements of the local youth .

The role of the Safety Authority is crucial in this respect and numerous detailed specifications require its approval .
the role of the safety authority is crucial in this respect and [many] detailed specifications require its approval .

However , despite Eurotunnel 's concern with safety numerous changes have been made to its designs and specifications , especially of the shuttle fleet , which have contributed significantly to the increasing costs of the project .
however , despite eurotunnel 's concern with safety [many] changes have been made to its designs and specifications , especially of the shuttle fleet , which have contributed significantly to the increasing costs of the project .

There were shops , simple open-fronted affairs , booths and numerous ale-houses .
there were shops , simple open-fronted affairs , booths and [many] ale-houses .

’ While such statements could be interpreted as being passive rather than negative in terms of the advancement of building surveying , the Report went on to state that building surveyors ‘ have been less ebullient [ than quantity surveyors ] in recent years — partly because they are less numerous and their work less homogeneous or well defined ; but , to a large extent because they have made a less prolonged and concerted effort to develop their skills and explore the horizons of opportunity , although there has of late been a welcome resurgence in this respect ’ .
’ while such statements could be interpreted as being passive rather than negative in terms of the advancement of building surveying , the report went on to state that building surveyors ‘ have been less ebullient [ than quantity surveyors ] in recent years — partly because they are less [many] and their work less homogeneous or well defined ; but , to a large extent because they have made a less prolonged and concerted effort to develop their skills and explore the horizons of opportunity , although there has of late been a welcome resurgence in this respect ’ .

The conflicting interests of client , contractor and subcontractor have provided the basis for numerous court cases .
the conflicting interests of client , contractor and subcontractor have provided the basis for [many] court cases .

There were , of course , numerous forms and methods in which this ‘ law ’ expressed itself , but the most characteristic aspect was that of the transfer of resources to the socialist sector from the private commodity sector , and this is the process that — according to Preobrazhensky — imposes itself upon the socialist sector .
there were , of course , [many] forms and methods in which this ‘ law ’ expressed itself , but the most characteristic aspect was that of the transfer of resources to the socialist sector from the private commodity sector , and this is the process that — according to preobrazhensky — imposes itself upon the socialist sector .

Alexander sought the advice of numerous doctors and voice trainers who gave him different medicines or voice exercises , but this only brought him temporary relief .
alexander sought the advice of [many] doctors and voice trainers who gave him different medicines or voice exercises , but this only brought him temporary relief .

You may be suffering from stress as a result of work or other numerous circumstances .
you may be suffering from stress as a result of work or other [many] circumstances .

There are many secondary directions , too numerous to mention here .
there are many secondary directions , too [many] to mention here .

They work when they are triggered by numerous reflexes situated throughout the body .
they work when they are triggered by [many] reflexes situated throughout the body .

Councillors were due to meet on 25 April to consider the matter — no easy task when hundreds of letters , suggesting numerous solutions , have been sent .
councillors were due to meet on 25 april to consider the matter — no easy task when hundreds of letters , suggesting [many] solutions , have been sent .

For Wonderful to drive and own , cheap to insure Against Numerous niggling faults , hood design , vulnerable body
for wonderful to drive and own , cheap to insure against [many] niggling faults , hood design , vulnerable body

Numerous other niggles arose from our months together .
[many] other niggles arose from our months together .

‘ The Zoom is ecologically correct , cute to behold , and promises to be highly practical both to run and keep . Its merits as a city commuter/runabout are numerous but its ingenious parkability stands out , as does its excellent interior ’
‘ the zoom is ecologically correct , cute to behold , and promises to be highly practical both to run and keep . its merits as a city commuter/runabout are [many] but its ingenious parkability stands out , as does its excellent interior ’

‘ What is the Clyst exactly ? ’ Breeze enquired , stuffing her numerous purchases into her basket .
‘ what is the clyst exactly ? ’ breeze enquired , stuffing her [many] purchases into her basket .

As well as churches , Watkins quotes numerous examples of ‘ castle mounds ’ which developed from earlier structures .
as well as churches , watkins quotes [many] examples of ‘ castle mounds ’ which developed from earlier structures .

Archive investigations by Nigel Pennick and others have revealed numerous examples from Victorian times onwards of work on the alignment of ancient sites .
archive investigations by nigel pennick and others have revealed [many] examples from victorian times onwards of work on the alignment of ancient sites .

In 1860 , Baron Karl von Reichenbach ( the discoverer of creosote ) published the results of numerous experiments with sensitives using techniques which enabled them to sense an energy which he called ‘ the odic force ’ , ‘ od ’ or ‘ odyle ’ .
in 1860 , baron karl von reichenbach ( the discoverer of creosote ) published the results of [many] experiments with sensitives using techniques which enabled them to sense an energy which he called ‘ the odic force ’ , ‘ od ’ or ‘ odyle ’ .

While the early Waltz-Caprices , composed when Reger was only 19 years of age and a student at the Wiesbaden Conservatory , are evidently modelled on the numerous dance sets by Brahms ( yet another of the composer 's musical heroes ) , they amount to much more than blatant pastiche .
while the early waltz-caprices , composed when reger was only 19 years of age and a student at the wiesbaden conservatory , are evidently modelled on the [many] dance sets by brahms ( yet another of the composer 's musical heroes ) , they amount to much more than blatant pastiche .

The process was developed in 1953 and has been licensed out to more than 60 plants in numerous countries .
the process was developed in 1953 and has been licensed out to more than 60 plants in [many] countries .

It is ethyl acetate and isopropanol , not their systematic equivalents , that are still used in coating or laminating flexible webs for numerous industrial applications .
it is ethyl acetate and isopropanol , not their systematic equivalents , that are still used in coating or laminating flexible webs for [many] industrial applications .

Samuel Smith of St. Saviour 's Church , London , in visiting numerous locations .
samuel smith of st. saviour 's church , london , in visiting [many] locations .

Of the three types of general body fur on the wild cat , the down hairs are the most numerous .
of the three types of general body fur on the wild cat , the down hairs are the most [many] .

Being scavengers gulls have quickly exploited the possibilities of urban areas where they may now be more numerous than along the open shore .
being scavengers gulls have quickly exploited the possibilities of urban areas where they may now be more [many] than along the open shore .

suggests are not numerous in many Sussex woodlands .
suggests are not [many] in many sussex woodlands .

On the lighter soils the secondary layer is often sparse , but the Woodland Survey suggests that these open woodlands support a greater diversity of bird species than other deciduous woods in Sussex , although certain species may be less numerous .
on the lighter soils the secondary layer is often sparse , but the woodland survey suggests that these open woodlands support a greater diversity of bird species than other deciduous woods in sussex , although certain species may be less [many] .

Thus a greater variety of species , but often lower individual numbers , was recorded on sandy soils , and the fragmentary woodlands of the coastal plain were distinctly poor in species , although several common birds were very numerous .
thus a greater variety of species , but often lower individual numbers , was recorded on sandy soils , and the fragmentary woodlands of the coastal plain were distinctly poor in species , although several common birds were very [many] .

Thus , for example , Coal Tits were associated with conifers , and Redstarts ( not tabulated ) and Wood Warblers with the more open woods of the sands , in contrast to Nightingales , Robins and thrushes , which were generally most numerous in the denser , damper woods of the clay .
thus , for example , coal tits were associated with conifers , and redstarts ( not tabulated ) and wood warblers with the more open woods of the sands , in contrast to nightingales , robins and thrushes , which were generally most [many] in the denser , damper woods of the clay .

The numerous gravel pits near Chichester support a good variety of breeding species , notably Great Crested Grebes for which this is the most important area in Sussex , as well as passage migrants and wintering wildfowl ( for numbers , see Systematic List ) .
the [many] gravel pits near chichester support a good variety of breeding species , notably great crested grebes for which this is the most important area in sussex , as well as passage migrants and wintering wildfowl ( for numbers , see systematic list ) .

Some species have benefited from the change in the downland agricultural scene , and Corn Buntings and Skylarks are now more numerous in these areas than elsewhere in the county and are the most characteristic birds of the downland .
some species have benefited from the change in the downland agricultural scene , and corn buntings and skylarks are now more [many] in these areas than elsewhere in the county and are the most characteristic birds of the downland .

— Scarce winter visitor ; more numerous passage migrant , at least in Spring .
— scarce winter visitor ; more [many] passage migrant , at least in spring .

Thus it seems clear that arctica is the most numerous species on spring passage .
thus it seems clear that arctica is the most [many] species on spring passage .

However , there is no doubt that stellata is the most numerous diver in winter , and Cooper ( 1975 ) has noted that virtually all the divers identified off Beachy Head during January to March have been stellata .
however , there is no doubt that stellata is the most [many] diver in winter , and cooper ( 1975 ) has noted that virtually all the divers identified off beachy head during january to march have been stellata .

Winter visitors probably arrive in November , sometimes October , and are most numerous in November and December .
winter visitors probably arrive in november , sometimes october , and are most [many] in november and december .

However , there are seasonal variations , and mauretanicus is slightly more numerous in autumn , while puffinus is much more numerous from April to June .
however , there are seasonal variations , and mauretanicus is slightly more [many] in autumn , while puffinus is much more [many] from april to june .

Few accurate counts are available for this species , but the records since 1967 show it to be most numerous in the county from October to March , with peak numbers in October or November and February or March .
few accurate counts are available for this species , but the records since 1967 show it to be most [many] in the county from october to march , with peak numbers in october or november and february or march .

But 400 were recorded in the Amberley/Pulborough marshes alone in 1974/75 , an exceptionally wet winter when the species was unusually numerous .
but 400 were recorded in the amberley/pulborough marshes alone in 1974/75 , an exceptionally wet winter when the species was unusually [many] .

Most are seen on autumn passage , with a marked peak in September , but spring reports have become more numerous recently and have included several April records .
most are seen on autumn passage , with a marked peak in september , but spring reports have become more [many] recently and have included several april records .

It is possibly most numerous on the coastal plain , where breeding densities of 10 pairs per 2,500 acres ( 10 sq .
it is possibly most [many] on the coastal plain , where breeding densities of 10 pairs per 2,500 acres ( 10 sq .

However , Common Partridges are still widely distributed in open habitats throughout the county and are probably most numerous on the Downs and coastal plain , where breeding densities of up to 80 pairs per 2,500 acres ( 10 sq .
however , common partridges are still widely distributed in open habitats throughout the county and are probably most [many] on the downs and coastal plain , where breeding densities of up to 80 pairs per 2,500 acres ( 10 sq .

Numerous counts of winter flocks have been recorded in recent years , and gatherings of several thousands have been found regularly in most of the main areas of permanent grassland in the county , and in many coastal areas .
[many] counts of winter flocks have been recorded in recent years , and gatherings of several thousands have been found regularly in most of the main areas of permanent grassland in the county , and in many coastal areas .

12 , show that Redshanks are most numerous during autumn migration .
12 , show that redshanks are most [many] during autumn migration .

Numerous experiments have been conducted involving different variations of the principles .
[many] experiments have been conducted involving different variations of the principles .

The air crews used to flock around the office even more now that she was with us , and in particular a navigator called Henry who made numerous attempts to date her .
the air crews used to flock around the office even more now that she was with us , and in particular a navigator called henry who made [many] attempts to date her .

Gold-topped walking canes or cigarette cases were typical presents of the time ; the girls received numerous bouquets , and ( from the producer , Captain Wombwell ) a gold brooch each .
gold-topped walking canes or cigarette cases were typical presents of the time ; the girls received [many] bouquets , and ( from the producer , captain wombwell ) a gold brooch each .

He had numerous bookings on the Broadhead circuit , aptly named the ‘ bread and butter tour ’ by the Girls .
he had [many] bookings on the broadhead circuit , aptly named the ‘ bread and butter tour ’ by the girls .

The numerous shades were indicated by numbers .
the [many] shades were indicated by numbers .

Apart from receiving numerous phone calls , the Girls learnt about the male New Yorker 's favourite pastime , the chase .
apart from receiving [many] phone calls , the girls learnt about the male new yorker 's favourite pastime , the chase .

One of the prettiest of this troupe was Bella Pilling ; she was thrilled that her mother could buy the movie magazines that featured numerous publicity shots of the troupe .
one of the prettiest of this troupe was bella pilling ; she was thrilled that her mother could buy the movie magazines that featured [many] publicity shots of the troupe .

At home in Manchester or Blackpool parents were thrilled to find numerous publicity shots of their Girls in movie magazines
at home in manchester or blackpool parents were thrilled to find [many] publicity shots of their girls in movie magazines

He had to make a living and to do this , in common with many other painters , he painted ‘ postcards ’ , which were numerous , repetitive , and dull .
he had to make a living and to do this , in common with many other painters , he painted ‘ postcards ’ , which were [many] , repetitive , and dull .

’ Green realized he was better with the pencil than writing but made his excuse ‘ were his information for the satisfaction of an individual only , he would prefer the former as a vehicle for information , but to give to the public a numerous series of explanations all cloathed in bodily forms ; besides time and other minor considerations , it is necessary to consult the copper smith , the printer , and the paper merchant .
’ green realized he was better with the pencil than writing but made his excuse ‘ were his information for the satisfaction of an individual only , he would prefer the former as a vehicle for information , but to give to the public a [many] series of explanations all cloathed in bodily forms ; besides time and other minor considerations , it is necessary to consult the copper smith , the printer , and the paper merchant .

‘ Between the top of Skiddaw and the Lake of Bassenthwaite the numerous narrow openings are happily described by Housman … ‘ on looking down the profound precipice in almost any direction the eye recoils with horror .
‘ between the top of skiddaw and the lake of bassenthwaite the [many] narrow openings are happily described by housman … ‘ on looking down the profound precipice in almost any direction the eye recoils with horror .

Known to millions of television viewers on their own show ‘ Rod , Jane and Freddy ’ and numerous appearances on ‘ Rainbow ’ .
known to millions of television viewers on their own show ‘ rod , jane and freddy ’ and [many] appearances on ‘ rainbow ’ .

Now she 's in a Home , May still sees a lot of her family and still finds herself consulted by one of her numerous great-nieces .
now she 's in a home , may still sees a lot of her family and still finds herself consulted by one of her [many] great-nieces .

Although the major theoretical explanations are covered in the numerous introductions to the sociology of crime and deviance and to sociology generally , some review of these theories is necessary before embarking upon an examination of specific , substantive examples of criminal behaviour .
although the major theoretical explanations are covered in the [many] introductions to the sociology of crime and deviance and to sociology generally , some review of these theories is necessary before embarking upon an examination of specific , substantive examples of criminal behaviour .

For numerous studies have shown that a high percentage of the population have committed criminal offences , in particular high proportions of juveniles , and it is difficult to believe that they are all different or abnormal .
for [many] studies have shown that a high percentage of the population have committed criminal offences , in particular high proportions of juveniles , and it is difficult to believe that they are all different or abnormal .

There are numerous instances of such statements from prominent politicians and public figures alleging that contemporary society is witnessing an unprecedented increase in violence and decline in moral standards .
there are [many] instances of such statements from prominent politicians and public figures alleging that contemporary society is witnessing an unprecedented increase in violence and decline in moral standards .

In the twenty years prior to the First World War there were numerous incidents of football hooliganism .
in the twenty years prior to the first world war there were [many] incidents of football hooliganism .

There are numerous cases of corporate crime causing injury and death .
there are [many] cases of corporate crime causing injury and death .

In particular , criminal statistics only show what police forces record , and the police clearly can not be expected to record the numerous offences which they do not know about .
in particular , criminal statistics only show what police forces record , and the police clearly can not be expected to record the [many] offences which they do not know about .

The procedures of the system made it seem overwhelmingly complex : the visits , the record cards of teachers and helpers , the correspondence with employers , the labour exchange forms , the committee structure , and their numerous meetings .
the procedures of the system made it seem overwhelmingly complex : the visits , the record cards of teachers and helpers , the correspondence with employers , the labour exchange forms , the committee structure , and their [many] meetings .

The principal obstacles to its success were : the economic climate in which the Geddes Report emphasized the low priority of education when financial restraint was inevitable ; the less than enthusiastic response from numerous LEAs in submitting their schemes ( they were allowed to proceed at their own pace without a universal appointed day ) ; the beginning of opposition from the National Union of Teachers and the labour movement in favour of ‘ Secondary Education for All ’ and a school-leaving age of 15 ; and , perhaps most significantly , the opposition of large sections of industry , including the Federation of British Industries .
the principal obstacles to its success were : the economic climate in which the geddes report emphasized the low priority of education when financial restraint was inevitable ; the less than enthusiastic response from [many] leas in submitting their schemes ( they were allowed to proceed at their own pace without a universal appointed day ) ; the beginning of opposition from the national union of teachers and the labour movement in favour of ‘ secondary education for all ’ and a school-leaving age of 15 ; and , perhaps most significantly , the opposition of large sections of industry , including the federation of british industries .

The ‘ unprecedented advance of machine technique ’ ( in common with other developments in production ) seemed to be altering the nature of ‘ work ’ itself as it made more complex and numerous demands on labour . With this in mind , in advocating the ‘ New Apprenticeship ’ , Bray warned of the dangers of ‘ monotony ’ in the workshop which , he said , was hostile to industrial wisdom :
the ‘ unprecedented advance of machine technique ’ ( in common with other developments in production ) seemed to be altering the nature of ‘ work ’ itself as it made more complex and [many] demands on labour . with this in mind , in advocating the ‘ new apprenticeship ’ , bray warned of the dangers of ‘ monotony ’ in the workshop which , he said , was hostile to industrial wisdom :

Natural disasters such as prolonged droughts have also damaged the ecology of numerous African countries .
natural disasters such as prolonged droughts have also damaged the ecology of [many] african countries .

Banks deal with loan requests from numerous countries with differing economic/political prospects .
banks deal with loan requests from [many] countries with differing economic/political prospects .

Governments borrow funds for numerous reasons .
governments borrow funds for [many] reasons .

But numerous patronymics of later formation have lasted — Johnson , Jackson , Peterson , Lawson , FitzPayne — perhaps to a total of more than a hundred and fifty , and to this day there are useful studies to be carried out on the distribution patterns of such rarities as Mattimoe = relative of Matthew .
but [many] patronymics of later formation have lasted — johnson , jackson , peterson , lawson , fitzpayne — perhaps to a total of more than a hundred and fifty , and to this day there are useful studies to be carried out on the distribution patterns of such rarities as mattimoe = relative of matthew .

The columns ( and there may be twenty or more ) represent chronological periods — pre-historic , pre- and post-Conquest , and up to the present day — and the numerous rows represent identified fields of study .
the columns ( and there may be twenty or more ) represent chronological periods — pre-historic , pre- and post-conquest , and up to the present day — and the [many] rows represent identified fields of study .

In addition to the foregoing there are numerous dialect dictionaries , each devoted to the colloquial ( or traditional ) speech of a particular region .
in addition to the foregoing there are [many] dialect dictionaries , each devoted to the colloquial ( or traditional ) speech of a particular region .

It includes estate papers ( from 1618 to the present ) and numerous books of household accounts .
it includes estate papers ( from 1618 to the present ) and [many] books of household accounts .

Gloucester Collection ( Gloucester ) In addition to numerous estate records , the collection includes the Dancey Gift of works relating to the county ( 225 volumes , more than 300 pamphlets , almost the same number of prints and paintings ) .
gloucester collection ( gloucester ) in addition to [many] estate records , the collection includes the dancey gift of works relating to the county ( 225 volumes , more than 300 pamphlets , almost the same number of prints and paintings ) .

National Monuments Record ( London ) There are records of The Royal Commission on Historical Monuments , 1908 to the present , 400,000 Ordnance Survey record cards of sites of archaeological importance ; 2 million photographs , drawings and reports on historical buildings and archaeological sites ; and numerous reference books .
national monuments record ( london ) there are records of the royal commission on historical monuments , 1908 to the present , 400,000 ordnance survey record cards of sites of archaeological importance ; 2 million photographs , drawings and reports on historical buildings and archaeological sites ; and [many] reference books .

There are already numerous private schools , especially in San Jose , and private foundations funding education already exist — for example , the Omar Dengo foundation which funds computer resources in schools .
there are already [many] private schools , especially in san jose , and private foundations funding education already exist — for example , the omar dengo foundation which funds computer resources in schools .

However , numerous other factors contribute to the situation : the falling real value of teacher salaries , poor working conditions for teachers , the breakdown of teacher upgrading activities , the fall in state expenditure on materials , delays and calamities in the distribution of available materials , and a rigid formal system of time-tabling and examinations , to name but a few .
however , [many] other factors contribute to the situation : the falling real value of teacher salaries , poor working conditions for teachers , the breakdown of teacher upgrading activities , the fall in state expenditure on materials , delays and calamities in the distribution of available materials , and a rigid formal system of time-tabling and examinations , to name but a few .

’ He received numerous other threats and was often followed by men he could identify as members of the local Treasury Police ( part of the security police ) .
’ he received [many] other threats and was often followed by men he could identify as members of the local treasury police ( part of the security police ) .

The situation was made worse by the 1986 earthquake , which exacerbated the housing shortage and destroyed or damaged numerous schools .
the situation was made worse by the 1986 earthquake , which exacerbated the housing shortage and destroyed or damaged [many] schools .

There are also numerous problems arising out of the broader political situation : as of 1990 these include the possibility of reintegrating all or some of the homelands into a national education system ; the outcome of the bid for national political status by the Natal-based Inkatha movement , with attendant violence which has severely disrupted life in the Transvaal as well as Natal ; and the length of time it takes to dismantle the apartheid system completely .
there are also [many] problems arising out of the broader political situation : as of 1990 these include the possibility of reintegrating all or some of the homelands into a national education system ; the outcome of the bid for national political status by the natal-based inkatha movement , with attendant violence which has severely disrupted life in the transvaal as well as natal ; and the length of time it takes to dismantle the apartheid system completely .

For the remainder of that summer churches were filled to overflowing and numerous conversions took place .
for the remainder of that summer churches were filled to overflowing and [many] conversions took place .

Examples of revival in the surrounding countryside were numerous .
examples of revival in the surrounding countryside were [many] .

Not all of this is due to soil losses from agricultural systems since deforestation also increases soil erosion rates ( sections 7.3 and 7.4 ) , and in contrast there are numerous examples where remedial measures have actually reduced soil erosion .
not all of this is due to soil losses from agricultural systems since deforestation also increases soil erosion rates ( sections 7.3 and 7.4 ) , and in contrast there are [many] examples where remedial measures have actually reduced soil erosion .

The development of Amazonia began in 1960 after the completion of the Belém-Brasilia highway that opened up the eastern part , and in the mid-1960s the government adopted numerous policies that , via tax incentives , were designed to encourage private sector development ( Browder 1988 ) .
the development of amazonia began in 1960 after the completion of the belém-brasilia highway that opened up the eastern part , and in the mid-1960s the government adopted [many] policies that , via tax incentives , were designed to encourage private sector development ( browder 1988 ) .

Numerous studies ( e.g .
[many] studies ( e.g .

These are briefly described in Table 8.4 , and there are numerous examples which indicate that , overall , carefully managed agroforestry enterprises can be successful in so far as they provide a sustainable food supply and are environmentally conservational .
these are briefly described in table 8.4 , and there are [many] examples which indicate that , overall , carefully managed agroforestry enterprises can be successful in so far as they provide a sustainable food supply and are environmentally conservational .

are planted along with numerous other fruit trees , palms and shrubs that can be used for a variety of purposes from thatching to dyes and medicines .
are planted along with [many] other fruit trees , palms and shrubs that can be used for a variety of purposes from thatching to dyes and medicines .

There are also numerous reports that sailing and other water-based recreational sports can have adverse affects on water-birds that abound on many of Britain 's artificially created reservoirs ( e.g .
there are also [many] reports that sailing and other water-based recreational sports can have adverse affects on water-birds that abound on many of britain 's artificially created reservoirs ( e.g .

As Edington and Edington ( 1986 ) report , there are also numerous examples where wildlife populations have been adversely affected by recreational hunting as well as the particularly obnoxious practice of over-hunting of particular species to provide wildlife souvenirs .
as edington and edington ( 1986 ) report , there are also [many] examples where wildlife populations have been adversely affected by recreational hunting as well as the particularly obnoxious practice of over-hunting of particular species to provide wildlife souvenirs .

Human-induced changes to the environment have increased rapidly as a consequence of growing population numbers and of numerous developments in technology .
human-induced changes to the environment have increased rapidly as a consequence of growing population numbers and of [many] developments in technology .

There are numerous potentially usable databases for environmental epidemiological work .
there are [many] potentially usable databases for environmental epidemiological work .

The Builder pointed out that although Scott ‘ has sought not the style of any particular country , but Gothic in abstract , and gathered from the works of all countries ’ , perhaps because of the numerous secular mediaeval buildings in Italy , the character of his design ‘ is more Italian , or at least Continental than it is English ’ .
the builder pointed out that although scott ‘ has sought not the style of any particular country , but gothic in abstract , and gathered from the works of all countries ’ , perhaps because of the [many] secular mediaeval buildings in italy , the character of his design ‘ is more italian , or at least continental than it is english ’ .

As well as writing two novels , he wrote several books about church architecture and liturgy , the best known being The English Cathedral of the Nineteenth Century , and numerous pamphlets , essays and letters to the press .
as well as writing two novels , he wrote several books about church architecture and liturgy , the best known being the english cathedral of the nineteenth century , and [many] pamphlets , essays and letters to the press .

In each of these environments there are numerous ‘ factors ’ , many of which constitute a threat to the safety of individuals and numerous such hazards have been mentioned .
in each of these environments there are [many] ‘ factors ’ , many of which constitute a threat to the safety of individuals and [many] such hazards have been mentioned .

Each day , throughout the day , although not always aware of it , people are engaged in carrying out numerous activities which have the specific purpose of maintaining a safe environment .
each day , throughout the day , although not always aware of it , people are engaged in carrying out [many] activities which have the specific purpose of maintaining a safe environment .

However the use and acceptance of touch depends on numerous cultural norms and personal characteristics ; each culture has rules about how , when and where to touch another human , and this is related to gender , age and maturity .
however the use and acceptance of touch depends on [many] cultural norms and personal characteristics ; each culture has rules about how , when and where to touch another human , and this is related to gender , age and maturity .

The numerous beneﬁts of this rich communal context are lost when family mealtime rituals diminish or disintegrate into frequent eating on the run or split adult–child meals .
the [many] beneﬁts of this rich communal context are lost when family mealtime rituals diminish or disintegrate into frequent eating on the run or split adult–child meals .

By the same token , the overall risk associated with fickle consumers , numerous selling seasons , and segmented markets—along with fierce overseas competition—has currently made this a tough arena for American retailers and manufacturers .
by the same token , the overall risk associated with fickle consumers , [many] selling seasons , and segmented markets—along with fierce overseas competition—has currently made this a tough arena for american retailers and manufacturers .

Our work also draws on numerous case studies of individual enterprises and data gathered at site visits .
our work also draws on [many] case studies of individual enterprises and data gathered at site visits .

A contemporary apparel-maker , handling on average 15,000 SKUs in its collection , faces the challenge of replenishing weekly numerous retail customers at high satisfaction levels with a constantly shifting subset of its goods .
a contemporary apparel-maker , handling on average 15,000 skus in its collection , faces the challenge of replenishing weekly [many] retail customers at high satisfaction levels with a constantly shifting subset of its goods .

He established himself as a premier residential architect , winning commissions in the United States and abroad and receiving numerous design awards .
he established himself as a premier residential architect , winning commissions in the united states and abroad and receiving [many] design awards .

The bracero experience has been written about in novels and depicted in numerous movies , and although the image presented is often a negative one , like other Chicano folk heroes the bracero has become an archetype of the culture .
the bracero experience has been written about in novels and depicted in [many] movies , and although the image presented is often a negative one , like other chicano folk heroes the bracero has become an archetype of the culture .

Her legend has been recited for over 300 years , and in contemporary times she is still believed to be wandering the streets in large cities , as well as in the small towns of the Southwest where numerous people report encounters with her .
her legend has been recited for over 300 years , and in contemporary times she is still believed to be wandering the streets in large cities , as well as in the small towns of the southwest where [many] people report encounters with her .

He said so in numerous speeches in the 1850s .
he said so in [many] speeches in the 1850s .

According to the élitist republican scheme envisioned at the founding , the only institution that would be popularly elected would be the House of Representatives , and that body would be chosen by the group that was qualified to elect “ the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature. ” 20 Two delegates to the Senate would be elected by each state legislature.21 The president was , and still is , to be elected by an electoral college chosen by the voters in each state.22 The original Constitution was silent not only about who was entitled to be a citizen but also on the questions of whether only citizens and which citizens should be entitled to vote .
according to the élitist republican scheme envisioned at the founding , the only institution that would be popularly elected would be the house of representatives , and that body would be chosen by the group that was qualified to elect “ the most [many] branch of the state legislature. ” 20 two delegates to the senate would be elected by each state legislature.21 the president was , and still is , to be elected by an electoral college chosen by the voters in each state.22 the original constitution was silent not only about who was entitled to be a citizen but also on the questions of whether only citizens and which citizens should be entitled to vote .

The text does not tell us that all people over the age of twenty-one should be entitled to vote but leaves it up to each state to decide who shall be able to vote “ for the most numerous branch of the state legislature. ” Whatever that standard happens to be will prevail as well for elections to the United States Senate .
the text does not tell us that all people over the age of twenty-one should be entitled to vote but leaves it up to each state to decide who shall be able to vote “ for the most [many] branch of the state legislature. ” whatever that standard happens to be will prevail as well for elections to the united states senate .

The same is true of heroin consumption , which may readily develop into a condition of dependency in which the addict may enjoy the illusion of freely choosing not a hole bored in his ear but rather numerous telltale holes bored in his veins .
the same is true of heroin consumption , which may readily develop into a condition of dependency in which the addict may enjoy the illusion of freely choosing not a hole bored in his ear but rather [many] telltale holes bored in his veins .

Many people of multiracial backgrounds prefer to identify themselves as “ black , ” on the theory that it enhances the interests of the African- American population to appear as numerous as possible.25 For the government to serve as the vanguard of a new constitutional order , the people must trust officials in Washington with additional powers and run the risk of governmental abuse .
many people of multiracial backgrounds prefer to identify themselves as “ black , ” on the theory that it enhances the interests of the african- american population to appear as [many] as possible.25 for the government to serve as the vanguard of a new constitutional order , the people must trust officials in washington with additional powers and run the risk of governmental abuse .

The Khedive Ismael had extravagant plans for numerous great works that were to be financed by Western European powers , but when he became stuck in a financial quagmire , they insisted on bringing in their own advisors to control key institutions .
the khedive ismael had extravagant plans for [many] great works that were to be financed by western european powers , but when he became stuck in a financial quagmire , they insisted on bringing in their own advisors to control key institutions .

During the 1990s they made numerous attempts to de-stabilize his regime , finally resorting to attacking the mainstay of the Egyptian economy — tourism — and several despicable attacks on foreign visitors resulted in over 60 deaths .
during the 1990s they made [many] attempts to de-stabilize his regime , finally resorting to attacking the mainstay of the egyptian economy — tourism — and several despicable attacks on foreign visitors resulted in over 60 deaths .

The constant clash between modern and traditional values leads to the numerous fascinating contradictions you will encounter in Japan .
the constant clash between modern and traditional values leads to the [many] fascinating contradictions you will encounter in japan .

Behind the Theater Quarter is an area with a number of shrines dedicated to foreign gods , an indication of the numerous cultures that influenced Delos .
behind the theater quarter is an area with a number of shrines dedicated to foreign gods , an indication of the [many] cultures that influenced delos .

Behind its concrete façade ( a result of rebuilding after numerous earthquakes ) , Chios Town has a number of clues to its past .
behind its concrete façade ( a result of rebuilding after [many] earthquakes ) , chios town has a number of clues to its past .

Numerous small boutiques make the old town a good place for souvenir hunting .
[many] small boutiques make the old town a good place for souvenir hunting .

There are fewer beaches than on other islands in the Sporades , but yachts moor in the numerous rocky inlets around the coastline where there is excellent snorkeling and swimming .
there are fewer beaches than on other islands in the sporades , but yachts moor in the [many] rocky inlets around the coastline where there is excellent snorkeling and swimming .

Each year numerous exhibitions and open-air performances are held on the estate , and a commercial gallery on the grounds has an excellent selection of contemporary arts and crafts .
each year [many] exhibitions and open-air performances are held on the estate , and a commercial gallery on the grounds has an excellent selection of contemporary arts and crafts .

When it was over , Hughes owned six casinos , an airport , and an airline , along with numerous plots of land stretching from the Strip to the mountains .
when it was over , hughes owned six casinos , an airport , and an airline , along with [many] plots of land stretching from the strip to the mountains .

The surrounding land and the tree under which he sat as a child have been turned into a shrine to the singer , but the ambiance is spoiled by the numerous “ guides ” and souvenir sellers who crowd your path to the entrance .
the surrounding land and the tree under which he sat as a child have been turned into a shrine to the singer , but the ambiance is spoiled by the [many] “ guides ” and souvenir sellers who crowd your path to the entrance .

The mountains attract moisture sweeping across the Atlantic Ocean and are thus often swathed in heavy rain clouds that feed the forests and fill numerous streams and rivers .
the mountains attract moisture sweeping across the atlantic ocean and are thus often swathed in heavy rain clouds that feed the forests and fill [many] streams and rivers .

In central and south Jamaica , numerous small settlements and family farms dot the countryside , where you ’ ll see donkeys tethered at the roadside or trotting along the lanes carrying large baskets .
in central and south jamaica , [many] small settlements and family farms dot the countryside , where you ’ ll see donkeys tethered at the roadside or trotting along the lanes carrying large baskets .

The small Chapel of St. Francis Xavier is dedicated to the 16th-century patron saint of missionaries , and has on display the elbow of the saint , along with the bones of numerous Japanese and Vietnamese martyrs .
the small chapel of st. francis xavier is dedicated to the 16th-century patron saint of missionaries , and has on display the elbow of the saint , along with the bones of [many] japanese and vietnamese martyrs .

Much smaller than Marigot and even lower-key , it has numerous restaurants and places to stay .
much smaller than marigot and even lower-key , it has [many] restaurants and places to stay .

The odd old wooden house that has survived the city ’ s numerous fires leans creaking across the crumb­­ling bricks of some forgotten Byzantine ruin .
the odd old wooden house that has survived the city ’ s [many] fires leans creaking across the crumb­­ling bricks of some forgotten byzantine ruin .

They were defended by 96 towers and had numerous gates .
they were defended by 96 towers and had [many] gates .

Perfumes are still popular today and you will see the perfume blender at the bazaar surrounded by hundreds of glass bottles containing the numerous oils that combine to make a single scent .
perfumes are still popular today and you will see the perfume blender at the bazaar surrounded by hundreds of glass bottles containing the [many] oils that combine to make a single scent .

You ’ ll be able to hire camels and horses at Luxor and Aswan and at numerous resorts along the Red Sea and in the Sinai .
you ’ ll be able to hire camels and horses at luxor and aswan and at [many] resorts along the red sea and in the sinai .

In addition to a gas leak at the Union Carbide chemical plant that left thousands dead in Bhopal shortly after Gandhi ’ s election to office in 1984 , numerous regional conflicts at home and a somewhat schizophrenic foreign policy troubled Gandhi ’ s term .
in addition to a gas leak at the union carbide chemical plant that left thousands dead in bhopal shortly after gandhi ’ s election to office in 1984 , [many] regional conflicts at home and a somewhat schizophrenic foreign policy troubled gandhi ’ s term .

Some of the buildings date from the 16th century , but it is also lined with buildings of almost every era , including numerous 17th- and 18th-century tenements called “ lands , ” sometimes 13 stories high .
some of the buildings date from the 16th century , but it is also lined with buildings of almost every era , including [many] 17th- and 18th-century tenements called “ lands , ” sometimes 13 stories high .

Dean was an industrial village , its economy depending on numerous small mills that have now completely disappeared .
dean was an industrial village , its economy depending on [many] small mills that have now completely disappeared .

Mature trees shade lawns and flower beds that are home to numerous birds species and cheeky gray squirrels .
mature trees shade lawns and flower beds that are home to [many] birds species and cheeky gray squirrels .

The logistical problems of spanning the Firth were numerous , but their solution resulted in one of the greatest engineering achievements of the Victorian era , the Forth Railway Bridge .
the logistical problems of spanning the firth were [many] , but their solution resulted in one of the greatest engineering achievements of the victorian era , the forth railway bridge .

The city almost bursts at the seams as up to 500,000 visitors arrive , vying for street space with performers , clowns , face painters , and numerous small craft markets .
the city almost bursts at the seams as up to 500,000 visitors arrive , vying for street space with performers , clowns , face painters , and [many] small craft markets .

Walking and Hiking You can take one of the numerous guided walking tours through the Old and New Towns .
walking and hiking you can take one of the [many] guided walking tours through the old and new towns .

Pubs are numerous .
pubs are [many] .

The resorts on Israel ’ s west coast don ’ t particularly cater for children , though Eilat is a typically Mediterranean-style resort with numerous beach activities and hotels designed with European families very much in mind .
the resorts on israel ’ s west coast don ’ t particularly cater for children , though eilat is a typically mediterranean-style resort with [many] beach activities and hotels designed with european families very much in mind .

The most popular one is Big Bear , which has numerous ski lifts and a large snow-making operation .
the most popular one is big bear , which has [many] ski lifts and a large snow-making operation .

Giza was the site of a royal burial ground from the days of the Early Empire and the desert landscape is dotted with numerous mud brick tombs and mastabas ( stone tombs with flat roofs ) , though they are by no means as impressive as the pyramids themselves .
giza was the site of a royal burial ground from the days of the early empire and the desert landscape is dotted with [many] mud brick tombs and mastabas ( stone tombs with flat roofs ) , though they are by no means as impressive as the pyramids themselves .

One leads through the fertile lands of the Nile Delta , past fields of cotton , rice , and numerous fruits and vegetables .
one leads through the fertile lands of the nile delta , past fields of cotton , rice , and [many] fruits and vegetables .

Throughout the late 19th and early 20th centuries it was home to numerous British “ ex-pats , ” one of whom , the writer Lawrence Durrell , painted a graphic picture of European life here .
throughout the late 19th and early 20th centuries it was home to [many] british “ ex-pats , ” one of whom , the writer lawrence durrell , painted a graphic picture of european life here .

Numerous other rulers followed him , creating a veritable “ city of the dead ” with each tomb more elaborate or brightly decorated than the last .
[many] other rulers followed him , creating a veritable “ city of the dead ” with each tomb more elaborate or brightly decorated than the last .

Tutmosis chose the location of his tomb well for it was not totally robbed in antiquity and numerous artifacts found in the antechambers are now on show in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo ( see page 26 ) .
tutmosis chose the location of his tomb well for it was not totally robbed in antiquity and [many] artifacts found in the antechambers are now on show in the egyptian museum in cairo ( see page 26 ) .

Plunder was now legitimate business and the city was awash with money and booty from the numerous pirate raids .
plunder was now legitimate business and the city was awash with money and booty from the [many] pirate raids .

The régime ’ s response of ferocious repression plus numerous other ineptitudes led to a third revolution in 1848 , with the Bonapartists , led by Napoleon ’ s nephew , emerging triumphant .
the régime ’ s response of ferocious repression plus [many] other ineptitudes led to a third revolution in 1848 , with the bonapartists , led by napoleon ’ s nephew , emerging triumphant .

Famous for its rainbow trout , Chuzenji is too cold for swimming most of the year , but visitors throng to this area for its spectacular spring and fall scenery and for its numerous hot springs resorts .
famous for its rainbow trout , chuzenji is too cold for swimming most of the year , but visitors throng to this area for its spectacular spring and fall scenery and for its [many] hot springs resorts .

Since its numerous attractions are spread evenly throughout the city , good maps are essential .
since its [many] attractions are spread evenly throughout the city , good maps are essential .

However , with over 1,500 Buddhist temples , 200 Shinto shrines , numerous museums , and magnificent imperial palaces , be aware that you ’ re not going to see everything .
however , with over 1,500 buddhist temples , 200 shinto shrines , [many] museums , and magnificent imperial palaces , be aware that you ’ re not going to see everything .

Founded in 788 just before the city entered its golden age as the imperial capital , its numerous buildings nestle lovingly against steep Mt .
founded in 788 just before the city entered its golden age as the imperial capital , its [many] buildings nestle lovingly against steep mt .

With its numerous buildings set within extensive grounds , Kiyomizu ’ s main attraction is the hondo ( main hall ) .
with its [many] buildings set within extensive grounds , kiyomizu ’ s main attraction is the hondo ( main hall ) .

This popular shrine features a strongly Chinese-influenced design and an extensive landscaped garden considered one of Kyoto ’ s finest , with numerous cherry trees and a large pond with an elegant pagoda linked to the shore by a covered bridge .
this popular shrine features a strongly chinese-influenced design and an extensive landscaped garden considered one of kyoto ’ s finest , with [many] cherry trees and a large pond with an elegant pagoda linked to the shore by a covered bridge .

Although small temples and shrines remain , visitors will enjoy exploring the covered shopping arcade between Shijo and Sanjo streets , famous for its second-hand bookstores , traditional hand-made paper ( washi ) shops , trendy but sometimes creative clothing stores , and numerous pickle shops .
although small temples and shrines remain , visitors will enjoy exploring the covered shopping arcade between shijo and sanjo streets , famous for its second-hand bookstores , traditional hand-made paper ( washi ) shops , trendy but sometimes creative clothing stores , and [many] pickle shops .

Next to the fountain outside Kintetsu Station is bustling Higashi-muki-dori , a covered mall of souvenirs shops , antique stores , and numerous eateries .
next to the fountain outside kintetsu station is bustling higashi-muki-dori , a covered mall of souvenirs shops , antique stores , and [many] eateries .

Of its numerous period sculptures , the most celebrated is a 5-m ( 16.5-ft ) thousand-armed Kannon statue .
of its [many] period sculptures , the most celebrated is a 5-m ( 16.5-ft ) thousand-armed kannon statue .

Numerous smaller shops are in the Kokashita arcade , a long but narrow covered shopping passage beneath the JR tracks that is definitely not for the claustrophobic .
[many] smaller shops are in the kokashita arcade , a long but narrow covered shopping passage beneath the jr tracks that is definitely not for the claustrophobic .

Comprising over 120 temple buildings as well as numerous shrines , pagodas , and stupas , this large religious settlement is located at the top of Mt .
comprising over 120 temple buildings as well as [many] shrines , pagodas , and stupas , this large religious settlement is located at the top of mt .

Sacred bugaku and kagura dances are performed at the shrine , while numerous souvenir shops do a roaring trade in the local specialties : woodcarvings , both sacred and utterly pornographic , and maple-leaf-shaped sweet buns ( momiji ) .
sacred bugaku and kagura dances are performed at the shrine , while [many] souvenir shops do a roaring trade in the local specialties : woodcarvings , both sacred and utterly pornographic , and maple-leaf-shaped sweet buns ( momiji ) .

Enthusiastic and adventurous eaters should also look out for the numerous food stalls ( yatai ) found throughout the city , especially those offering Hakata ramen noodles , famed throughout Japan .
enthusiastic and adventurous eaters should also look out for the [many] food stalls ( yatai ) found throughout the city , especially those offering hakata ramen noodles , famed throughout japan .

There are numerous headlining entertainers that change from week to week .
there are [many] headlining entertainers that change from week to week .

There are numerous set and theme changes , plenty of water use , and a number in which the dancers ( topless at the late show ) come into the audience .
there are [many] set and theme changes , plenty of water use , and a number in which the dancers ( topless at the late show ) come into the audience .

Red Rock Canyon affords numerous routes , including a two-mile Pine Creek Canyon trek and a slightly longer walk along the Keystone Thrust Trail .
red rock canyon affords [many] routes , including a two-mile pine creek canyon trek and a slightly longer walk along the keystone thrust trail .

Of the numerous others that do not , the best bet is the tastefully decorated but oddly named Spearmint Rhino , 3340 S. Highland Drive ; Tel .
of the [many] others that do not , the best bet is the tastefully decorated but oddly named spearmint rhino , 3340 s. highland drive ; tel .

Rome Crowning seven hills along the winding banks of the River Tiber , Rome has numerous different personalities : ancient Rome of imperial ruins ; Catholic Rome of Vatican City and countless churches ; the Renaissance city of Michelangelo and Raphael or the Baroque of Bernini and Borromini ; and a modern metropolis of interminable traffic jams , fashionable boutiques and cafés , as well as factories and characterless apartment buildings that make up the post-war eye-sore suburbs .
rome crowning seven hills along the winding banks of the river tiber , rome has [many] different personalities : ancient rome of imperial ruins ; catholic rome of vatican city and countless churches ; the renaissance city of michelangelo and raphael or the baroque of bernini and borromini ; and a modern metropolis of interminable traffic jams , fashionable boutiques and cafés , as well as factories and characterless apartment buildings that make up the post-war eye-sore suburbs .

Michelangelo ’ s works here are numerous , including his early masterpiece The Drunken Bacchus ( done when he was just 21 ) , and a Virgin and Child marble roundel ( 1504 ) .
michelangelo ’ s works here are [many] , including his early masterpiece the drunken bacchus ( done when he was just 21 ) , and a virgin and child marble roundel ( 1504 ) .

The thirteen regional parishes and numerous towns were originally named after British settlements .
the thirteen regional parishes and [many] towns were originally named after british settlements .

At the bottom , turn left for the Artists ’ Quarter , where you will find numerous artists ’ studios and galleries .
at the bottom , turn left for the artists ’ quarter , where you will find [many] artists ’ studios and galleries .

While Christianity was not a great success in China , it made local headway , evidenced today by the numerous Catholic churches in Macau ’ s historic center .
while christianity was not a great success in china , it made local headway , evidenced today by the [many] catholic churches in macau ’ s historic center .

The numerous six-pointed stars set in the abutments of the main arches are not the Jewish Star of David but an esoteric emblem that you ’ ll see all over the country .
the [many] six-pointed stars set in the abutments of the main arches are not the jewish star of david but an esoteric emblem that you ’ ll see all over the country .

At an altitude of 2,130 m ( 6,755 ft ) , this was once the place where a religious ascetic offered cool spring water to the numerous weary and thirsty travelers coming out of the Himalayas .
at an altitude of 2,130 m ( 6,755 ft ) , this was once the place where a religious ascetic offered cool spring water to the [many] weary and thirsty travelers coming out of the himalayas .

Few monuments have survived Kashmir ’ s troubled history , but the city ’ s beauty lies in its numerous tranquil lakes and gardens .
few monuments have survived kashmir ’ s troubled history , but the city ’ s beauty lies in its [many] tranquil lakes and gardens .

The sikhara that once towered 60 m ( 200 ft ) into the air like some symbolic and divine charioteer has gone , but the grandiose pyramid of the Jagmohan ( Hall of Audience ) , where the priests used to officiate , still soars above 12 pairs of huge stone wheels sculpted into its huge platform and drawn by numerous galloping horses .
the sikhara that once towered 60 m ( 200 ft ) into the air like some symbolic and divine charioteer has gone , but the grandiose pyramid of the jagmohan ( hall of audience ) , where the priests used to officiate , still soars above 12 pairs of huge stone wheels sculpted into its huge platform and drawn by [many] galloping horses .

The surrounding green hills are topped by numerous temples of both religions , the best known being on Gridhakuta ( Vulture ’ s Peak ) , where Buddha is believed to have converted the once fierce Mauryan warrior king Bimbisara to the peaceful doctrine of non-violence .
the surrounding green hills are topped by [many] temples of both religions , the best known being on gridhakuta ( vulture ’ s peak ) , where buddha is believed to have converted the once fierce mauryan warrior king bimbisara to the peaceful doctrine of non-violence .

Srirangam The numerous temple precincts of Sri Ranganathaswami , set on an island formed by two arms of the Cauvery river a few kilometers ( 3 miles ) from Trichy , enclose a complete township of busy shops , booths , and dwellings .
srirangam the [many] temple precincts of sri ranganathaswami , set on an island formed by two arms of the cauvery river a few kilometers ( 3 miles ) from trichy , enclose a complete township of busy shops , booths , and dwellings .

This growth in animal husbandry led to the extinction of many of the non-domesticated animals that had roamed the countryside ; numerous species , including the wild boar , died out by end of the 13th century .
this growth in animal husbandry led to the extinction of many of the non-domesticated animals that had roamed the countryside ; [many] species , including the wild boar , died out by end of the 13th century .

These are crisscrossed by numerous narrow alleys called “ wynds ” and separated by open spaces where markets were held , royal decrees were heard , and criminals were hanged in front of large and enthusiastic crowds .
these are crisscrossed by [many] narrow alleys called “ wynds ” and separated by open spaces where markets were held , royal decrees were heard , and criminals were hanged in front of large and enthusiastic crowds .

By 1987 , the Edinburgh International Festival had grown into the largest annual arts event in the world , with hundreds of performances in numerous venues across the city during August and early September .
by 1987 , the edinburgh international festival had grown into the largest annual arts event in the world , with hundreds of performances in [many] venues across the city during august and early september .

Throughout the seventh and eighth centuries numerous Japanese monks , scholars , and artists made the perilous trip west across the Sea of Japan to study Chinese religion , history , music , literature , and painting — later to be brought back for further development in Japan .
throughout the seventh and eighth centuries [many] japanese monks , scholars , and artists made the perilous trip west across the sea of japan to study chinese religion , history , music , literature , and painting — later to be brought back for further development in japan .

The busy path running alongside the beach to Venice is a coveted track for bicyclists and rollerbladers , who either bring their own gear or rent from the numerous establishments nearby .
the busy path running alongside the beach to venice is a coveted track for bicyclists and rollerbladers , who either bring their own gear or rent from the [many] establishments nearby .

The heart of the district is Olvera Street , a festive marketplace brimming with piñatas ( hanging decorations filled with toys and candy ) , masks , and Mexican handicrafts , and surrounded by numerous Mexican restaurants and food stalls .
the heart of the district is olvera street , a festive marketplace brimming with piñatas ( hanging decorations filled with toys and candy ) , masks , and mexican handicrafts , and surrounded by [many] mexican restaurants and food stalls .

Even today , the intricate Hindu caste system can play a role in the Indians ’ choice of job , spouse , and political party , despite the numerous anti-discrimination statutes passed since Independence .
even today , the intricate hindu caste system can play a role in the indians ’ choice of job , spouse , and political party , despite the [many] anti-discrimination statutes passed since independence .

The rivers , more numerous and much longer than on the peninsula , still provide the principal way into the interior , supplemented by smaller aircraft operated by Malaysia Airlines .
the rivers , more [many] and much longer than on the peninsula , still provide the principal way into the interior , supplemented by smaller aircraft operated by malaysia airlines .

KK is at present a prosperous and busy seaport , with a growing manufacturing base and a population of 200,000 ; for the tourist there are numerous shopping centers .
kk is at present a prosperous and busy seaport , with a growing manufacturing base and a population of 200,000 ; for the tourist there are [many] shopping centers .

Creeping plants now climb the sheer walls , providing a new home to numerous birds , lizards , and frogs .
creeping plants now climb the sheer walls , providing a new home to [many] birds , lizards , and frogs .

Activity has slowly been wound down in recent years , and US service personnel are not as numerous as during the post-World War II years .
activity has slowly been wound down in recent years , and us service personnel are not as [many] as during the post-world war ii years .

The fact that the nation ’ s trails wander among the highest mountains on earth and pass through the villages of numerous ethnic groups only adds to what is in effect a step ( make that many , many steps ) back in time .
the fact that the nation ’ s trails wander among the highest mountains on earth and pass through the villages of [many] ethnic groups only adds to what is in effect a step ( make that many , many steps ) back in time .

Most people who opt for this latter type of trek stay in the numerous and increasingly more comfortable trailside lodges that can be found on the major trekking routes .
most people who opt for this latter type of trek stay in the [many] and increasingly more comfortable trailside lodges that can be found on the major trekking routes .

There are numerous outfitters in Thamel and Pokhara offering a wide variety of new and used hiking , camping , and mountaineering gear .
there are [many] outfitters in thamel and pokhara offering a wide variety of new and used hiking , camping , and mountaineering gear .

In Kathmandu and Pokhara there are numerous trekking agencies that can help you plan your trip .
in kathmandu and pokhara there are [many] trekking agencies that can help you plan your trip .

In recent years numerous hydroelectric projects throughout the Annapurna and Solu-Khumbu regions have brought moderately reliable electricity to remote villages .
in recent years [many] hydroelectric projects throughout the annapurna and solu-khumbu regions have brought moderately reliable electricity to remote villages .

San Juan also became the center for the Catholic Church ’ s evangelization of the New World ; numerous churches , convents , and monasteries were established throughout the island to aid in this effort .
san juan also became the center for the catholic church ’ s evangelization of the new world ; [many] churches , convents , and monasteries were established throughout the island to aid in this effort .

Numerous Moorish fortifications on the Costa Blanca survive to this day , and the pottery of the region still reflects the influence of Moorish craftsmen .
[many] moorish fortifications on the costa blanca survive to this day , and the pottery of the region still reflects the influence of moorish craftsmen .

Tequila is the national drink of Mexico , made from the distilled juice of the agave plant ( 100 % agave tequila is the best quality ) , and it can be bought under numerous trade names .
tequila is the national drink of mexico , made from the distilled juice of the agave plant ( 100 % agave tequila is the best quality ) , and it can be bought under [many] trade names .

The numerous coves ( narrow bays with rocky walls found all along the coastline ) , are a perfect environment for small , brightly colored tropical fish .
the [many] coves ( narrow bays with rocky walls found all along the coastline ) , are a perfect environment for small , brightly colored tropical fish .

Alternatively take the metro to Moszkva tér , climb up the steps to the road , and catch the mini Várbusz service which shuttles to and from Dísz tér , stopping at numerous points en route .
alternatively take the metro to moszkva tér , climb up the steps to the road , and catch the mini várbusz service which shuttles to and from dísz tér , stopping at [many] points en route .

This is an old narrow-gauge line which traverses seemingly unspoiled forests — but for the numerous walking trails — and climbs , slowly , ever-upwards .
this is an old narrow-gauge line which traverses seemingly unspoiled forests — but for the [many] walking trails — and climbs , slowly , ever-upwards .

El Yunque ( the Caribbean National Forest ) , southeast of San Juan , is crisscrossed by numerous trails .
el yunque ( the caribbean national forest ) , southeast of san juan , is crisscrossed by [many] trails .

Older children can fill the whole day with snorkeling and learning about the numerous fish and marine creatures that teem in the shallow waters near the beaches .
older children can fill the whole day with snorkeling and learning about the [many] fish and marine creatures that teem in the shallow waters near the beaches .

The numerous state parks along the Big Sur coast offer marvelous opportunities for outdoor activities like camping , hiking , and fishing .
the [many] state parks along the big sur coast offer marvelous opportunities for outdoor activities like camping , hiking , and fishing .

Look out for the numerous “ wedding chapels ” along The Strip where you can get married in about 10 minutes for a flat $ 50 fee , “ witnesses extra , ” then spend your neon-lit honeymoon in the conveniently adjoining motel .
look out for the [many] “ wedding chapels ” along the strip where you can get married in about 10 minutes for a flat $ 50 fee , “ witnesses extra , ” then spend your neon-lit honeymoon in the conveniently adjoining motel .

The culinary community has taken numerous awards and accolades back to this seaside town , where more than 250 restaurants offer gourmands their own piece of paradise .
the culinary community has taken [many] awards and accolades back to this seaside town , where more than 250 restaurants offer gourmands their own piece of paradise .

Surrounding the marina are numerous boutiques , restaurants , and travel agencies , plus all types of services to accommodate arriving cruisers .
surrounding the marina are [many] boutiques , restaurants , and travel agencies , plus all types of services to accommodate arriving cruisers .

This is also the section of town where the Terminal Marítima ( Marine Terminal ) is located , docking point for cruise ships as well as the numerous excursion boats .
this is also the section of town where the terminal marítima ( marine terminal ) is located , docking point for cruise ships as well as the [many] excursion boats .

Immediately south of Viejo Vallarta is the fashionable residential neighborhood of Conchas Chinas , with numerous villas for rent , and a few hotels set into the cliffside .
immediately south of viejo vallarta is the fashionable residential neighborhood of conchas chinas , with [many] villas for rent , and a few hotels set into the cliffside .

During the 1960s Zihuatanejo ’ s charm attracted numerous European visitors who have become regulars of this no-longer-rustic beach resort .
during the 1960s zihuatanejo ’ s charm attracted [many] european visitors who have become regulars of this no-longer-rustic beach resort .

A countryside visit to Barra de Potosí , located 21 km ( 14 miles ) south of Zihuatanejo offers a chance to see a small fishing village , coconut and mango plantations , and a lagoon known for the numerous tropical birds that inhabit it .
a countryside visit to barra de potosí , located 21 km ( 14 miles ) south of zihuatanejo offers a chance to see a small fishing village , coconut and mango plantations , and a lagoon known for the [many] tropical birds that inhabit it .

Though Acapulco is , admittedly , past its prime , there are still plenty of reasons to visit and numerous ways to enjoy the famously sunny days there .
though acapulco is , admittedly , past its prime , there are still plenty of reasons to visit and [many] ways to enjoy the famously sunny days there .

Older buildings here were constructed in various architectural styles , including some classic deco structures , and numerous faux-forties buildings .
older buildings here were constructed in various architectural styles , including some classic deco structures , and [many] faux-forties buildings .

The centerpiece of downtown is its zócalo ( central plaza ) , heavily laden with shade trees and bordered by Acapulco ’ s principal church , Nuestra Señora de la Soledad , as well as numerous , inexpensive cafés and restaurants .
the centerpiece of downtown is its zócalo ( central plaza ) , heavily laden with shade trees and bordered by acapulco ’ s principal church , nuestra señora de la soledad , as well as [many] , inexpensive cafés and restaurants .

Every Sunday evening , local bands serenade the plaza ’ s numerous visitors .
every sunday evening , local bands serenade the plaza ’ s [many] visitors .

Roqueta Island sits half a mile across a channel from Caleta and Caletilla beaches , and is the destination for the numerous glass-bottom boats that cruise over a sunken statue of the Virgin of Guadalupe , before circling around this outcropping of rocks .
roqueta island sits half a mile across a channel from caleta and caletilla beaches , and is the destination for the [many] glass-bottom boats that cruise over a sunken statue of the virgin of guadalupe , before circling around this outcropping of rocks .

Both of these traditional beaches offer wide stretches of sand and numerous palapa restaurants where you can pass the day , while enjoying fresh seafood and cold tropical drinks .
both of these traditional beaches offer wide stretches of sand and [many] palapa restaurants where you can pass the day , while enjoying fresh seafood and cold tropical drinks .

Located about seven miles north of town , accessible by public bus or taxi , is the northern beach area , Pie de la Cuesta , with its scenic sandbar and numerous seaside restaurants .
located about seven miles north of town , accessible by public bus or taxi , is the northern beach area , pie de la cuesta , with its scenic sandbar and [many] seaside restaurants .

Among the numerous silversmith shops here , you ’ ll find several landmarks .
among the [many] silversmith shops here , you ’ ll find several landmarks .

Heading into the foothills of the Sierra de Miahuatlán , located north of Puerto Escondido , are numerous trails for hiking or horseback riding .
heading into the foothills of the sierra de miahuatlán , located north of puerto escondido , are [many] trails for hiking or horseback riding .

Along with several older hotels , banks , and various tourist services , the Bahía Santa Cruz is home to a marina , from which numerous bay cruises and private panga fishing and sightseeing charters depart .
along with several older hotels , banks , and various tourist services , the bahía santa cruz is home to a marina , from which [many] bay cruises and private panga fishing and sightseeing charters depart .

From the Rani Pokhari , carefully cross the wide avenue known as Kantipath , which is lined with numerous public buildings , including a hospital and former palaces of the Ranas .
from the rani pokhari , carefully cross the wide avenue known as kantipath , which is lined with [many] public buildings , including a hospital and former palaces of the ranas .

These districts are home to modern hotels , the offices of numerous international aid organizations and other non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) , and the homes of many expatriots from around the world .
these districts are home to modern hotels , the offices of [many] international aid organizations and other non-governmental organizations ( ngos ) , and the homes of many expatriots from around the world .

Buddhist pilgrims from all over the world come to Lumbini , and in recent years the site has been developed into an international cultural and religious park with several hotels and numerous Buddhist temples built by the world ’ s various Buddhist countries .
buddhist pilgrims from all over the world come to lumbini , and in recent years the site has been developed into an international cultural and religious park with several hotels and [many] buddhist temples built by the world ’ s various buddhist countries .

Many of the numerous caves hereabouts ( from which the town takes its name ) are inhabited by local gypsies .
many of the [many] caves hereabouts ( from which the town takes its name ) are inhabited by local gypsies .

They are interspersed with galleries , T-shirt shops , and numerous street hawkers selling fun toys or handmade budget art .
they are interspersed with galleries , t-shirt shops , and [many] street hawkers selling fun toys or handmade budget art .

Athens Municipal Market just south of Omonia Square offers wonderful fresh food for you to enjoy as you stroll , as well as numerous Greek foodstuffs to take home .
athens municipal market just south of omonia square offers wonderful fresh food for you to enjoy as you stroll , as well as [many] greek foodstuffs to take home .

The streets of Ermou , Eolou and Stadiou offer large department stores and numerous pan-European names with everything from shoes and clothing to household wares .
the streets of ermou , eolou and stadiou offer large department stores and [many] pan-european names with everything from shoes and clothing to household wares .

You can buy exquisite hand-thrown and painted copies of ancient pieces for a price , and numerous examples of less expensive factory produced items .
you can buy exquisite hand-thrown and painted copies of ancient pieces for a price , and [many] examples of less expensive factory produced items .

A Metro ride to the station at Pireaus means you only have to cross a highway to reach the ferry port , and numerous destinations are only an hour or two away .
a metro ride to the station at pireaus means you only have to cross a highway to reach the ferry port , and [many] destinations are only an hour or two away .

Without doubt , the initial lure of the city is its numerous historic buildings .
without doubt , the initial lure of the city is its [many] historic buildings .

The Netherlands National Opera and National Ballet are based here , and there are numerous orchestral , musical , and comedy venues , along with revues and dance shows .
the netherlands national opera and national ballet are based here , and there are [many] orchestral , musical , and comedy venues , along with revues and dance shows .

Not part of the Latin Quarter , but an extension of it , this is the home of numerous publishing houses , the Académie Française , expensive interior design and fashion shops , bookshops , and café terraces ideal for people-watching .
not part of the latin quarter , but an extension of it , this is the home of [many] publishing houses , the académie française , expensive interior design and fashion shops , bookshops , and café terraces ideal for people-watching .

A residential resort community built around wonderful stretches of beach , the resort offers numerous activities , including horseback-riding , fishing , golf ( two courses ) , and a casino .
a residential resort community built around wonderful stretches of beach , the resort offers [many] activities , including horseback-riding , fishing , golf ( two courses ) , and a casino .

Numerous kiosks sell cold beer and Puerto Rican snacks .
[many] kiosks sell cold beer and puerto rican snacks .

Those who want to ride will find numerous taxis waiting to take them to and from Charlotte Amalie .
those who want to ride will find [many] taxis waiting to take them to and from charlotte amalie .

Although the Mediterranean Sea is rather overfished and the waters are not warm enough to support brightly colored tropical fish , there are still numerous varieties to spot in the rocky shallows , including octopi that make their homes in tiny crevices .
although the mediterranean sea is rather overfished and the waters are not warm enough to support brightly colored tropical fish , there are still [many] varieties to spot in the rocky shallows , including octopi that make their homes in tiny crevices .

This includes numerous classical performances .
this includes [many] classical performances .

In Kraków and Warsaw , there are numerous branches , all with different stock , so it pays to visit a few if you ’ re looking for a particular item .
in kraków and warsaw , there are [many] branches , all with different stock , so it pays to visit a few if you ’ re looking for a particular item .

Every street and gang ( alley ) is lined with moneychangers , clothing shops , car and bike rental agencies , all sorts of accommodations , and numerous bars and restaurants .
every street and gang ( alley ) is lined with moneychangers , clothing shops , car and bike rental agencies , all sorts of accommodations , and [many] bars and restaurants .

The main square , Plaza de Charco , is the hub of both tourist and local life , and its numerous cafés , restaurants , and shops are busy at all hours .
the main square , plaza de charco , is the hub of both tourist and local life , and its [many] cafés , restaurants , and shops are busy at all hours .

There are numerous places on Tenerife competing for the attention of tourists , but there is one , just to the west of Puerto , that absolutely should not be missed .
there are [many] places on tenerife competing for the attention of tourists , but there is one , just to the west of puerto , that absolutely should not be missed .

It is also home to the most eclectic array of animals including gorillas , chimpanzees , tigers , jaguars , alligators , sea-lions , dolphins and numerous other creatures that are exhibited in carefully and creatively , designed spaces .
it is also home to the most eclectic array of animals including gorillas , chimpanzees , tigers , jaguars , alligators , sea-lions , dolphins and [many] other creatures that are exhibited in carefully and creatively , designed spaces .

By way of a multi-lingual introductory video show , a surprisingly informative and entertaining brochure , and exhibits in its 12,000-sq-m ( nearly 3-acre ) park which boasts , besides numerous bananas , a superb collection of exotic trees , shrubs , flowers , and cacti from all over the world ( open daily 9am–6pm ; admission 1,000 ptas , r6.01 ) .
by way of a multi-lingual introductory video show , a surprisingly informative and entertaining brochure , and exhibits in its 12,000-sq-m ( nearly 3-acre ) park which boasts , besides [many] bananas , a superb collection of exotic trees , shrubs , flowers , and cacti from all over the world ( open daily 9am–6pm ; admission 1,000 ptas , r6.01 ) .

Playa del Inglés is more robust , as the very name ( Beach of the English ) might suggest , although it attracts numerous German visitors as well .
playa del inglés is more robust , as the very name ( beach of the english ) might suggest , although it attracts [many] german visitors as well .

The nightlife at the more than numerous discos , bars and clubs can be hectic .
the nightlife at the more than [many] discos , bars and clubs can be hectic .

Its marina is the focal point for numerous marine adventures that will suit all tastes .
its marina is the focal point for [many] marine adventures that will suit all tastes .

Sport fishing will appeal to the more adventurous , and this part of the coast is just the place for it ; consequently , numerous boats operate from Puerto Rico .
sport fishing will appeal to the more adventurous , and this part of the coast is just the place for it ; consequently , [many] boats operate from puerto rico .

Whereas Corralejo is flat , rather dingy , without many hotels and restaurants of much class , and doesn ’ t have much of its own beach , Morro Jable , built along the cliffs , is bright and airy , boasts numerous fine hotels and restaurants , and has miles of wonderful beaches .
whereas corralejo is flat , rather dingy , without many hotels and restaurants of much class , and doesn ’ t have much of its own beach , morro jable , built along the cliffs , is bright and airy , boasts [many] fine hotels and restaurants , and has miles of wonderful beaches .

Windsurfing , obviously , is all the rage around here , and numerous companies operate in and around Morro Jable and the other beaches of Jandía .
windsurfing , obviously , is all the rage around here , and [many] companies operate in and around morro jable and the other beaches of jandía .

Numerous memorials around the walls recall soldiers who died in the Revolution or Tories who fled the city .
[many] memorials around the walls recall soldiers who died in the revolution or tories who fled the city .

There are numerous cafés and bookshops ( see page 61 ) in which to while away several hours .
there are [many] cafés and bookshops ( see page 61 ) in which to while away several hours .

Among American universities , Harvard University is the oldest ( founded in 1636 as a training ground for puritan ministers ) , and the richest , and has produced numerous Nobel Prize winners .
among american universities , harvard university is the oldest ( founded in 1636 as a training ground for puritan ministers ) , and the richest , and has produced [many] nobel prize winners .

Numerous side roads lead to the Bay beaches .
[many] side roads lead to the bay beaches .

In the early 20th century Provincetown was a major art colony and there are still numerous art galleries , particularly at the east end of town .
in the early 20th century provincetown was a major art colony and there are still [many] art galleries , particularly at the east end of town .

Between the island and the mainland is Laguna Nichupté , a huge seawater lagoon bounded by mangrove swamps that are havens to numerous species of wildlife .
between the island and the mainland is laguna nichupté , a huge seawater lagoon bounded by mangrove swamps that are havens to [many] species of wildlife .

Heading south on the coast , there are numerous small hotels and guest-houses catering to divers .
heading south on the coast , there are [many] small hotels and guest-houses catering to divers .

It is lined with numerous duty-free stores selling fragrances , designer clothing , and jewelry and gemstones .
it is lined with [many] duty-free stores selling fragrances , designer clothing , and jewelry and gemstones .

Today they still produce numerous crops on small farms , but large modern ranches are much more common in the last hundred years than before .
today they still produce [many] crops on small farms , but large modern ranches are much more common in the last hundred years than before .

Named for the reliefs depicting thousands of Mayan warriors , the temple also has numerous columns , putting one in mind of a classical Greek edifice .
named for the reliefs depicting thousands of mayan warriors , the temple also has [many] columns , putting one in mind of a classical greek edifice .

Numerous historic buildings , dating back to the very earliest days of Spanish rule , line the square and its surrounding grid of streets .
[many] historic buildings , dating back to the very earliest days of spanish rule , line the square and its surrounding grid of streets .

The Plaza Major sits in a square between calles 60 and 62 ( even street numbers travel east–west ) and calles 61 and 63 ( odd street numbers travel north–south ) ; the surrounding streets boast numerous colonial gems that can only be appreciated by strolling around the town .
the plaza major sits in a square between calles 60 and 62 ( even street numbers travel east–west ) and calles 61 and 63 ( odd street numbers travel north–south ) ; the surrounding streets boast [many] colonial gems that can only be appreciated by strolling around the town .

There are also numerous depictions of Mayan homes or nah , which have changed little since classical times and can still be found all across the countryside of Yucatán .
there are also [many] depictions of mayan homes or nah , which have changed little since classical times and can still be found all across the countryside of yucatán .

The Casa de las Tortugas ( Turtle House ) , so called because of numerous turtle motifs adorning it , is found immediately on the right .
the casa de las tortugas ( turtle house ) , so called because of [many] turtle motifs adorning it , is found immediately on the right .

Numerous layers of lacquer , individually polished , are applied to trays , cups , vases , and boxes .
[many] layers of lacquer , individually polished , are applied to trays , cups , vases , and boxes .

The area ’ s clear waters and numerous coral reefs and rocky outcrops offer an ideal environment for hundreds of species of fish , as well as turtles , dolphins , and , yes , sharks .
the area ’ s clear waters and [many] coral reefs and rocky outcrops offer an ideal environment for hundreds of species of fish , as well as turtles , dolphins , and , yes , sharks .

Just off the coast of Rose Island and named for the James Bond films that were filmed here ; the coral formations are impressive and large fish such as grouper are numerous .
just off the coast of rose island and named for the james bond films that were filmed here ; the coral formations are impressive and large fish such as grouper are [many] .

There are numerous small airfields on the outlying islands , and flying between the islands is relatively safe , with short transfers .
there are [many] small airfields on the outlying islands , and flying between the islands is relatively safe , with short transfers .

Tourists are so numerous in the otherwise relaxed shopping district of Guilin that the pedestrian crossings have signs in English as well as Chinese .
tourists are so [many] in the otherwise relaxed shopping district of guilin that the pedestrian crossings have signs in english as well as chinese .

Junshan , an island in the lake endowed with many hills ( and numerous legends ) , produces the rare and fragrant “ silver needle ” tea .
junshan , an island in the lake endowed with many hills ( and [many] legends ) , produces the rare and fragrant “ silver needle ” tea .

Isla Ixtapa in Ixtapa , and the numerous coves and islets around Huatulco are prime spots , with calm waters for beginners .
isla ixtapa in ixtapa , and the [many] coves and islets around huatulco are prime spots , with calm waters for beginners .

The lightning-fast Basque version of handball , jai-alai , is played in Acapulco at the Frontón , where tournaments attract numerous fans of the peloteiros as the players are called .
the lightning-fast basque version of handball , jai-alai , is played in acapulco at the frontón , where tournaments attract [many] fans of the peloteiros as the players are called .

Works by recognized masters — including contemporaries José Luis Cuevas and Alejandro Colunga — as well as emerging artists , are on display at the numerous art galleries in town .
works by recognized masters — including contemporaries josé luis cuevas and alejandro colunga — as well as emerging artists , are on display at the [many] art galleries in town .

The Athenian love of leisure allowed the development of numerous pursuits such as theater — imagine a world without tragedy or comedy ( without the ancient Athenians , the much-loved TV soap opera might never have been possible ) .
the athenian love of leisure allowed the development of [many] pursuits such as theater — imagine a world without tragedy or comedy ( without the ancient athenians , the much-loved tv soap opera might never have been possible ) .

The 700 islands and numerous smaller cays ( pronounced “ keys ” ) that comprise this semitropical archipelago start 55 miles ( 90 km ) east of Palm Beach , Florida , and arc 600 miles ( 970 km ) southeast toward eastern Cuba and Haiti , like a series of stepping stones linking North America with the Caribbean .
the 700 islands and [many] smaller cays ( pronounced “ keys ” ) that comprise this semitropical archipelago start 55 miles ( 90 km ) east of palm beach , florida , and arc 600 miles ( 970 km ) southeast toward eastern cuba and haiti , like a series of stepping stones linking north america with the caribbean .

Numerous migratory birds can be seen in the Tagus Estuary Natural Reserve , an important wetlands whose headquarters are in Alcochete .
[many] migratory birds can be seen in the tagus estuary natural reserve , an important wetlands whose headquarters are in alcochete .

Wending their way up to the University are several small streets that hide repúblicas ( halls of residence similar to fraternities and sororities ) and numerous small bars that reverberate to the strains of Coimbra ’ s own distinctive version of fado ( see page 128 ) .
wending their way up to the university are several small streets that hide repúblicas ( halls of residence similar to fraternities and sororities ) and [many] small bars that reverberate to the strains of coimbra ’ s own distinctive version of fado ( see page 128 ) .

Numerous splendid monuments survive in two beautiful historic cities , Guimarães and Braga .
[many] splendid monuments survive in two beautiful historic cities , guimarães and braga .

Numerous tracks crisscross the area , passing reservoirs that are perfect for a dip after a long day ’ s hike .
[many] tracks crisscross the area , passing reservoirs that are perfect for a dip after a long day ’ s hike .

Its banks are lined by numerous beautiful walled towns and powerful fortresses .
its banks are lined by [many] beautiful walled towns and powerful fortresses .

Inland you ’ ll find Roman and Moorish monuments , numerous fruit orchards , and the scenic wooded hillsides of the serras that separate the Algarve from the Alentejo .
inland you ’ ll find roman and moorish monuments , [many] fruit orchards , and the scenic wooded hillsides of the serras that separate the algarve from the alentejo .

Numerous new monasteries and churches were built .
[many] new monasteries and churches were built .

Most numerous of their legacies are the ornate street fountains found in the corners of market squares and outside of chapels .
most [many] of their legacies are the ornate street fountains found in the corners of market squares and outside of chapels .

Safely up on a hill on Military Road , the Catholic Basilica of St. John the Baptist ( 1850 ) escaped the numerous fires to dominate the town ’ s skyline with its granite and limestone towers .
safely up on a hill on military road , the catholic basilica of st. john the baptist ( 1850 ) escaped the [many] fires to dominate the town ’ s skyline with its granite and limestone towers .

An English surveyor , Richard Norwood , undertook a study of the terrain , dividing the colony into the nine “ tribes ” that are the parishes ( counties ) of today and the origin of the numerous “ Tribe Roads ” still to be seen across the island .
an english surveyor , richard norwood , undertook a study of the terrain , dividing the colony into the nine “ tribes ” that are the parishes ( counties ) of today and the origin of the [many] “ tribe roads ” still to be seen across the island .

There are numerous trips throughout the islands on a variety of vessels and memorable whale and dolphin safaris for spotting pilot whales and friendly porpoises .
there are [many] trips throughout the islands on a variety of vessels and memorable whale and dolphin safaris for spotting pilot whales and friendly porpoises .

Boating : There are numerous marinas along the coast between Málaga and Sotogrande , providing year-round moorings for yachts and motor boats .
boating : there are [many] marinas along the coast between málaga and sotogrande , providing year-round moorings for yachts and motor boats .

Tennis and Squash : Some of the biggest names in tennis are linked to the numerous clubs , centers , and “ ranches ” on the Costa del Sol , including the Marbella-based Manolo Santana Tennis Club , which hosts the majority of Spain ’ s Davis Cup matches and other important tournaments .
tennis and squash : some of the biggest names in tennis are linked to the [many] clubs , centers , and “ ranches ” on the costa del sol , including the marbella-based manolo santana tennis club , which hosts the majority of spain ’ s davis cup matches and other important tournaments .

You ’ ll hear numerous calls of “ Hey , honey , come look for something nice here . ”
you ’ ll hear [many] calls of “ hey , honey , come look for something nice here . ”

A flock of flamingos and numerous other native bird species make their home here .
a flock of flamingos and [many] other native bird species make their home here .

They are a sailor ’ s paradise because the numerous safe anchorages and bays have been enhanced in modern times by comprehensive back-up facilities for sailors .
they are a sailor ’ s paradise because the [many] safe anchorages and bays have been enhanced in modern times by comprehensive back-up facilities for sailors .

Numerous species of sea life flourish at every level and contribute to the abundant variety of diving environments available for all ability levels .
[many] species of sea life flourish at every level and contribute to the abundant variety of diving environments available for all ability levels .

Experienced divers also come to explore the numerous so-called “ blue holes ” that dot the interior of the island .
experienced divers also come to explore the [many] so-called “ blue holes ” that dot the interior of the island .

The breathtaking waters surrounding these islands , ranging from turquoise blue to jade green , are a sailor ’ s delight , and numerous yachts can be seen weaving around the sandy shallows and cutting through to deeper water .
the breathtaking waters surrounding these islands , ranging from turquoise blue to jade green , are a sailor ’ s delight , and [many] yachts can be seen weaving around the sandy shallows and cutting through to deeper water .

These cays are home to the endangered iguana along with numerous rare plant species .
these cays are home to the endangered iguana along with [many] rare plant species .

Ancient remains are scattered across the central downtown area and Athens has grown almost organically throughout its history , resulting in numerous districts , each with its own particular character .
ancient remains are scattered across the central downtown area and athens has grown almost organically throughout its history , resulting in [many] districts , each with its own particular character .

Try to visit early or late in the day to avoid the tour groups , or on Mondays , when most tours don ’ t operate ; and remember to wear comfortable , flat shoes as there are many slippery stones worn smooth over the centuries , and numerous uneven areas where heels can catch .
try to visit early or late in the day to avoid the tour groups , or on mondays , when most tours don ’ t operate ; and remember to wear comfortable , flat shoes as there are many slippery stones worn smooth over the centuries , and [many] uneven areas where heels can catch .

The maze of narrow — mostly traffic-free — streets is a delight to explore and there are numerous shops and eateries to choose from .
the maze of narrow — mostly traffic-free — streets is a delight to explore and there are [many] shops and eateries to choose from .

At Kidathinéon 17 you ’ ll find the Museum of Greek Folk Art , which offers an interesting collection of embroidery , lace , and numerous liturgical garments .
at kidathinéon 17 you ’ ll find the museum of greek folk art , which offers an interesting collection of embroidery , lace , and [many] liturgical garments .

From Plaka there are numerous streets leading northwest towards the sites of the Roman and Greek Agoras , however the most direct route is via Odós Adrianou .
from plaka there are [many] streets leading northwest towards the sites of the roman and greek agoras , however the most direct route is via odós adrianou .

Today it is home to the Agora Museum and displays numerous artifacts found at this extensive sight .
today it is home to the agora museum and displays [many] artifacts found at this extensive sight .

Ermou is one of the main shopping streets of the city , and numerous European retailers have outlets here .
ermou is one of the main shopping streets of the city , and [many] european retailers have outlets here .

A native of Denmark , Hansen was responsible for the Zappion and Royal Observatory in Athens , and numerous buildings in Vienna , Austria .
a native of denmark , hansen was responsible for the zappion and royal observatory in athens , and [many] buildings in vienna , austria .

Numerous major thoroughfares converge on Syntagma , so it ’ s always busy with traffic .
[many] major thoroughfares converge on syntagma , so it ’ s always busy with traffic .

Luckily you are perfectly placed to take in numerous excursions for the day or a few days — either on an organized itinerary or under your own steam .
luckily you are perfectly placed to take in [many] excursions for the day or a few days — either on an organized itinerary or under your own steam .

Rooms display an eclectic series of artifacts with dioramas of the great Battle of Salamis in 480 b.c. , letters from the naval heroes of Greek independence , and numerous items salvaged from the seas around the Attica coastline .
rooms display an eclectic series of artifacts with dioramas of the great battle of salamis in 480 b.c. , letters from the naval heroes of greek independence , and [many] items salvaged from the seas around the attica coastline .

The numerous turrets and rounded tower give it the look of a fairytale castle but it has had a more colorful history .
the [many] turrets and rounded tower give it the look of a fairytale castle but it has had a more colorful history .

He created a studio on the top floor , where there was abundant natural light to illuminate his subjects , and space for him to teach his numerous pupils .
he created a studio on the top floor , where there was abundant natural light to illuminate his subjects , and space for him to teach his [many] pupils .

You will be able to examine in detail the furniture , porcelain , and numerous artworks collected by the family .
you will be able to examine in detail the furniture , porcelain , and [many] artworks collected by the family .

In 1938 it became the Museum of Modern Art , and today it displays a permanent range of work by celebrated artists and numerous temporary exhibitions which reflect the cutting edge in visual art genres such as photography and video .
in 1938 it became the museum of modern art , and today it displays a permanent range of work by celebrated artists and [many] temporary exhibitions which reflect the cutting edge in visual art genres such as photography and video .

Cows and sheep can be seen grazing , numerous wading birds , such as herons , keep a watchful eye on the water , and every few hundred yards is a farmhouse complete with several single-story barns .
cows and sheep can be seen grazing , [many] wading birds , such as herons , keep a watchful eye on the water , and every few hundred yards is a farmhouse complete with several single-story barns .

The wives of these gods also have numerous names and attributes .
the wives of these gods also have [many] names and attributes .

There are numerous good stables and horse-riding schools just outside Budapest , and riding holidays around the Balaton area and farther aﬁeld are on offer at Budapesti Equestrian Club ( tel .
there are [many] good stables and horse-riding schools just outside budapest , and riding holidays around the balaton area and farther aﬁeld are on offer at budapesti equestrian club ( tel .

There are a limited number of public courts for hire , although many hotels have courts and there are numerous clubs and facilities .
there are a limited number of public courts for hire , although many hotels have courts and there are [many] clubs and facilities .

Additional examples of modernisme , by other architects of the period , are littered throughout the Eixample and are too numerous to detail here .
additional examples of modernisme , by other architects of the period , are littered throughout the eixample and are too [many] to detail here .

The numerous personal effects on display leave no doubt about Martí ’ s importance in the pantheon of Cuban heroes : he is Cuba ’ s founding father .
the [many] personal effects on display leave no doubt about martí ’ s importance in the pantheon of cuban heroes : he is cuba ’ s founding father .

English-speaking students eager to meet foreigners are numerous here .
english-speaking students eager to meet foreigners are [many] here .

Its protected wildlife includes crocodiles , manatees , and numerous species of birds .
its protected wildlife includes crocodiles , manatees , and [many] species of birds .

There are numerous multiplexes in the city , with the newest being the 15-screen Metreon at Mission and Fourth streets , south of Market .
there are [many] multiplexes in the city , with the newest being the 15-screen metreon at mission and fourth streets , south of market .

Its miles of glorious beaches , guaranteed sun , cheap alcohol and food , numerous bars , discotheques , and nightclubs attract a clientele that is largely British , although other northern European countries are still well represented here .
its miles of glorious beaches , guaranteed sun , cheap alcohol and food , [many] bars , discotheques , and nightclubs attract a clientele that is largely british , although other northern european countries are still well represented here .

The Plaza de la Constitución in the town center has numerous pleasant cafés lining the square beneath the church bell tower , and nearby is the bullring and the small Zoo Municipal .
the plaza de la constitución in the town center has [many] pleasant cafés lining the square beneath the church bell tower , and nearby is the bullring and the small zoo municipal .

The peace and tranquility found here has attracted numerous famous personalities .
the peace and tranquility found here has attracted [many] famous personalities .

The next three centuries saw numerous battles , and it wasn ’ t until 1462 that Gibraltar was finally re-conquered by the Spanish .
the next three centuries saw [many] battles , and it wasn ’ t until 1462 that gibraltar was finally re-conquered by the spanish .

In addition to the expected numerous churches , palaces , and mansions , look especially for the Andalucían Flamenco Center in the distinguished Pemartín Palace and the striking Clock Museum in its own delightful gardens .
in addition to the expected [many] churches , palaces , and mansions , look especially for the andalucían flamenco center in the distinguished pemartín palace and the striking clock museum in its own delightful gardens .

Its 51,695 hectares ( 127,740 acres ) are home to three species of eagles and numerous other birds , mammals , and reptiles .
its 51,695 hectares ( 127,740 acres ) are home to three species of eagles and [many] other birds , mammals , and reptiles .

The clear waters in the western Atlantic , with numerous reefs and rocky outcrops , offer an ideal habitat for many hundreds of species of fish along with healthy coral for parrot fish , angel fish , and huge , gentle groupers .
the clear waters in the western atlantic , with [many] reefs and rocky outcrops , offer an ideal habitat for many hundreds of species of fish along with healthy coral for parrot fish , angel fish , and huge , gentle groupers .

Many items found their way over from Britain , so old tins , buttons , bottles , and items of china and brass are numerous .
many items found their way over from britain , so old tins , buttons , bottles , and items of china and brass are [many] .

Here you ’ ll be able to stroll past stalls selling fresh produce and souvenirs , or eat at the numerous small ouzeries that serve the market workers .
here you ’ ll be able to stroll past stalls selling fresh produce and souvenirs , or eat at the [many] small ouzeries that serve the market workers .

At the southern end of Market Street is Kornárou Square ( Plateía Kornárou ) where you will find the Bembo Fountain ( Kríni Bembo ) created in the 16th century using numerous pieces of architectural salvage — including the fine torso of a Greco-Roman statue .
at the southern end of market street is kornárou square ( plateía kornárou ) where you will find the bembo fountain ( kríni bembo ) created in the 16th century using [many] pieces of architectural salvage — including the fine torso of a greco-roman statue .

Evans made numerous remarkable finds at the site , since it had been covered and left undisturbed following the 1350 b.c .
evans made [many] remarkable finds at the site , since it had been covered and left undisturbed following the 1350 b.c .

Numerous tombs have been excavated on the hillside , and the sarcophagi in the Iráklion museum , finely decorated with cult scenes , was found here .
[many] tombs have been excavated on the hillside , and the sarcophagi in the iráklion museum , finely decorated with cult scenes , was found here .

Numerous cafés and tavernas line the north and eastern edges of the lake and you can sit and watch the kingfishers swoop for minnows or divers descend to the blue/green depths .
[many] cafés and tavernas line the north and eastern edges of the lake and you can sit and watch the kingfishers swoop for minnows or divers descend to the blue/green depths .

The harborfront is lined with beautiful medieval buildings and numerous cafés and tavernas making it the place for the evening volta or stroll .
the harborfront is lined with beautiful medieval buildings and [many] cafés and tavernas making it the place for the evening volta or stroll .

There are numerous artifacts found at the Kydonía Minoan site , but equally impressive Greco-Roman remains including a collection of beautiful Hellenistic mosaics .
there are [many] artifacts found at the kydonía minoan site , but equally impressive greco-roman remains including a collection of beautiful hellenistic mosaics .

Take to the hills along the rugged peninsulas of Rodópou and Gramvoússa , jutting out from the northern coast ; or visit numerous small villages in the western foothills of the White Mountains .
take to the hills along the rugged peninsulas of rodópou and gramvoússa , jutting out from the northern coast ; or visit [many] small villages in the western foothills of the white mountains .

There are numerous excursions to Santorini to the north , and this tiny rock in the Aegean makes an interesting contrast to its larger cousin .
there are [many] excursions to santorini to the north , and this tiny rock in the aegean makes an interesting contrast to its larger cousin .

Skilled engineers and architects , the Moors built numerous palaces and fortifications .
skilled engineers and architects , the moors built [many] palaces and fortifications .

The estate contains numerous courtyards , arched bridges , ponds , rock gardens , and its own pagoda .
the estate contains [many] courtyards , arched bridges , ponds , rock gardens , and its own pagoda .

Turner 's 12-year-old son needs a kidney transplant and Turner said he had to miss work to take him to numerous doctor and dialysis visits .
turner 's 12-year-old son needs a kidney transplant and turner said he had to miss work to take him to [many] doctor and dialysis visits .

The lawsuit over Ridgeview and Indian Meadows alleges numerous violations of the accessibility requirements of the Fair Housing Act , which requires that multifamily housing built since 1991 be accessible to people with disabilities .
the lawsuit over ridgeview and indian meadows alleges [many] violations of the accessibility requirements of the fair housing act , which requires that multifamily housing built since 1991 be accessible to people with disabilities .

The New Jersey State Bar Foundation receives 12.5 percent for educational lay programs relating to law and justice , and other public service programs such as the High School Mock Trial Competition and numerous publications .
the new jersey state bar foundation receives 12.5 percent for educational lay programs relating to law and justice , and other public service programs such as the high school mock trial competition and [many] publications .

In 2002 , $ 2.1 million in IOLTA grants will support these and numerous other crucial programs that offer priceless services to the poor .
in 2002 , $ 2.1 million in iolta grants will support these and [many] other crucial programs that offer priceless services to the poor .

The legal issues they face `` have become more numerous and complex , '' the report said .
the legal issues they face `` have become more [many] and complex , '' the report said .

Trials of alcohol screening in primary care , general medical clinics , trauma centers , and emergency departments demonstrate a high rate of patient acceptance.2-4 Some physicians are willing to detect alcohol use , but they believe that clinical judgment is reliable and formal screening is unnecessary.25 However , numerous studies document that physicians generally fail to diagnose alcohol problems unless a formal screening protocol is used .
trials of alcohol screening in primary care , general medical clinics , trauma centers , and emergency departments demonstrate a high rate of patient acceptance.2-4 some physicians are willing to detect alcohol use , but they believe that clinical judgment is reliable and formal screening is unnecessary.25 however , [many] studies document that physicians generally fail to diagnose alcohol problems unless a formal screening protocol is used .

Numerous complicated issues will need to be resolved in the short term , including a harmonization of the communication systems , information technology systems , human capital systems , the physical location of people and other assets , and many other factors .
[many] complicated issues will need to be resolved in the short term , including a harmonization of the communication systems , information technology systems , human capital systems , the physical location of people and other assets , and many other factors .

Specifically , GAO has developed a framework that will help the Congress and the Administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself , determining which agencies should be included and excluded , and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that , after completion of the revised organizational structure , will be critical to the department 's success .
specifically , gao has developed a framework that will help the congress and the administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself , determining which agencies should be included and excluded , and leveraging [many] key management and policy elements that , after completion of the revised organizational structure , will be critical to the department 's success .

There are clearly advantages and disadvantages to all of the decisions about placing agencies or programs with multiple missions in DHS and Congress must carefully weigh numerous important factors related to performance and accountability in crafting the legislation .
there are clearly advantages and disadvantages to all of the decisions about placing agencies or programs with multiple missions in dhs and congress must carefully weigh [many] important factors related to performance and accountability in crafting the legislation .

Following the summit , Kentucky , North Carolina , and Mississippi held subsequent state safety summits and pursued numerous initiatives to reduce fatalities .
following the summit , kentucky , north carolina , and mississippi held subsequent state safety summits and pursued [many] initiatives to reduce fatalities .

In addition , the CFO Council 's numerous outreach efforts and GPRArelated education events have helped to win the acceptance of program managers .
in addition , the cfo council 's [many] outreach efforts and gprarelated education events have helped to win the acceptance of program managers .

We synthesized and analyzed the numerous documents acquired from our literature search and case study organizations to determine the objectives essential for organizations to improve their financial management .
we synthesized and analyzed the [many] documents acquired from our literature search and case study organizations to determine the objectives essential for organizations to improve their financial management .

In the course of identifying actions that possible participants in our study had taken to reduce improper payments , we identified numerous Web sites that might provide organizations with useful information that they can consider when attempting to address improper payment or other problems in their programs .
in the course of identifying actions that possible participants in our study had taken to reduce improper payments , we identified [many] web sites that might provide organizations with useful information that they can consider when attempting to address improper payment or other problems in their programs .

As we have reported before when looking at Performance management reform efforts , it is difficult to disentangle the effects of numerous initiatives and external factors that affect each agency'sImprovements environment.23 For example , external factors such as legislative changes that resulted in reopening nearly 100,000 veterans ' claims and the increasing complexity of these claims have affected VBA 's results in addressing its claims backlog .
as we have reported before when looking at performance management reform efforts , it is difficult to disentangle the effects of [many] initiatives and external factors that affect each agency'simprovements environment.23 for example , external factors such as legislative changes that resulted in reopening nearly 100,000 veterans ' claims and the increasing complexity of these claims have affected vba 's results in addressing its claims backlog .

Further , NIST has issued numerous Federal Information Processing Standards , as well as a comprehensive description of basic concepts and techniques entitled An Introduction to Computer Security : The NIST Handbook , Special Publication 800-12 , December 1995 , and Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems,3 published in September 1996 .
further , nist has issued [many] federal information processing standards , as well as a comprehensive description of basic concepts and techniques entitled an introduction to computer security : the nist handbook , special publication 800-12 , december 1995 , and generally accepted principles and practices for securing information technology systems,3 published in september 1996 .

In selecting organizations to include in our study , we relied primarily on recommendations from the Computer Security Institute and public accounting firms because they were in a position to evaluate and compare information security programs at numerous organizations .
in selecting organizations to include in our study , we relied primarily on recommendations from the computer security institute and public accounting firms because they were in a position to evaluate and compare information security programs at [many] organizations .

To determine the applicability of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials , including officials in OMB 's Information Policy and Technology Branch , the Computer Security Division of NIST 's Information Technology Laboratory , CIO Council members , the chairman of the Chief Financial Officers Council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the President 's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection .
to determine the applicability of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with [many] federal officials , including officials in omb 's information policy and technology branch , the computer security division of nist 's information technology laboratory , cio council members , the chairman of the chief financial officers council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the president 's commission on critical infrastructure protection .

However , there are numerous policy , technical , legal , and human resource issues that are not fully within the control of officials at individual agencies .
however , there are [many] policy , technical , legal , and human resource issues that are not fully within the control of officials at individual agencies .

This contrasts with the view expressed to us by numerous federal managers and security experts that many top federal officials have not recognized the indispensable nature of electronic data and automated systems to their program operations .
this contrasts with the view expressed to us by [many] federal managers and security experts that many top federal officials have not recognized the indispensable nature of electronic data and automated systems to their program operations .

While all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .
while all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from [many] subordinate security managers and administrators .

Accordingly , they monitored numerous factors associated with their security programs , and they used the results to identify needed improvements .
accordingly , they monitored [many] factors associated with their security programs , and they used the results to identify needed improvements .

In addition , measuring the federal contribution to outcomes that require the coordinated effort of numerous public and private entities-such as improvements in education , employment , or health-can require sophisticated and costly program evaluations .
in addition , measuring the federal contribution to outcomes that require the coordinated effort of [many] public and private entities-such as improvements in education , employment , or health-can require sophisticated and costly program evaluations .

In our reviews of successful results-oriented organizations , we found numerous examples of organizations that achieved positive results by involving customers and other stakeholders in defining their missions and desired outcomes.9 Oregon , for one , developed consensus on its statewide strategic plan by bringing together such diverse stakeholders as legislators , state agency officials , county and local government officials , and community group representatives .
in our reviews of successful results-oriented organizations , we found [many] examples of organizations that achieved positive results by involving customers and other stakeholders in defining their missions and desired outcomes.9 oregon , for one , developed consensus on its statewide strategic plan by bringing together such diverse stakeholders as legislators , state agency officials , county and local government officials , and community group representatives .

VHA has initiated numerous studies 21Government Reform : Using Reengineering and Technology to Improve Government Performance ( GAO/T-OCG-95-2 , Feb. 2 , 1995 ) .
vha has initiated [many] studies 21government reform : using reengineering and technology to improve government performance ( gao/t-ocg-95-2 , feb. 2 , 1995 ) .

Page 5 GAO/OGC-96-41 In addition , the preambles and appendices to the proposed and final rules cite numerous statutory provisions associated with particular aspects of the rule .
page 5 gao/ogc-96-41 in addition , the preambles and appendices to the proposed and final rules cite [many] statutory provisions associated with particular aspects of the rule .

Numerous phone calls did not produce a meeting date .
[many] phone calls did not produce a meeting date .

Subsequent to our June 22 letter , GAO officials have engaged in numerous conversations with the Vice President « s representatives .
subsequent to our june 22 letter , gao officials have engaged in [many] conversations with the vice president « s representatives .

Numerous Supreme Court precedents recognize a broad and encompassing power in Congress to engage in oversight and investigation .
[many] supreme court precedents recognize a broad and encompassing power in congress to engage in oversight and investigation .

For example , it was viewed that individuals who serve on numerous boards at the same time and/or who serve for personal incentives , over time lose the `` independent spirit '' needed to be an effective board member .
for example , it was viewed that individuals who serve on [many] boards at the same time and/or who serve for personal incentives , over time lose the `` independent spirit '' needed to be an effective board member .

The analysis states that the industry affected by the rule includes numerous business entities in the chain of gasoline production and the business size considered to be a small entity varies from 100 to 1500 employees under the SIC Codes and size standards of the Small Business Administration .
the analysis states that the industry affected by the rule includes [many] business entities in the chain of gasoline production and the business size considered to be a small entity varies from 100 to 1500 employees under the sic codes and size standards of the small business administration .

The third and fourth sections cover details of the numerous requests we have received , including a description of agencies ' systems designs and modifications and our views on the effectiveness of the designed internal control in the proposed changes .
the third and fourth sections cover details of the [many] requests we have received , including a description of agencies ' systems designs and modifications and our views on the effectiveness of the designed internal control in the proposed changes .

The certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .
the certifying officer , however , not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place , but also performs [many] examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations .

This shift in emphasis from approval of individual transactions to evaluations of the adequacy of systems and the internal control environment has been reflected in law and in policy for numerous years .
this shift in emphasis from approval of individual transactions to evaluations of the adequacy of systems and the internal control environment has been reflected in law and in policy for [many] years .

Numerous electronic edits would be applied to the voucher at the certifying or payment officer 's location prior to payment authorization .
[many] electronic edits would be applied to the voucher at the certifying or payment officer 's location prior to payment authorization .

Over the next 2 years , the program encountered numerous design and manufacturing problems .
over the next 2 years , the program encountered [many] design and manufacturing problems .

Strengthening Information Security : GAO has evaluated the security of critical information systems at federal agencies and recommended numerous improvements , most recently at three Treasury agencies , the Department of Energy , Department of Veterans Affairs , and the Environmental Protection Agency .
strengthening information security : gao has evaluated the security of critical information systems at federal agencies and recommended [many] improvements , most recently at three treasury agencies , the department of energy , department of veterans affairs , and the environmental protection agency .

GAO/OGC-96-14 Numerous comments were received regarding the proposed plan to convert microwave incumbents to secondary status when the relocation rules sunset in 2005 and thereafter , licensees would not be required to pay relocation costs after that date to such incumbents .
gao/ogc-96-14 [many] comments were received regarding the proposed plan to convert microwave incumbents to secondary status when the relocation rules sunset in 2005 and thereafter , licensees would not be required to pay relocation costs after that date to such incumbents .

Further , NIST has issued numerous Federal Information Processing Standards , as well as a comprehensive description of basic concepts and techniques entitled An Introduction to Computer Security : The NIST Handbook , Special Publication 800-12 , December 1995 , and Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems,3 published in September 1996 .
further , nist has issued [many] federal information processing standards , as well as a comprehensive description of basic concepts and techniques entitled an introduction to computer security : the nist handbook , special publication 800-12 , december 1995 , and generally accepted principles and practices for securing information technology systems,3 published in september 1996 .

In selecting organizations to include in our study , we relied primarily on recommendations from the Computer Security Institute and public accounting firms because they were in a position to evaluate and compare information security programs at numerous organizations .
in selecting organizations to include in our study , we relied primarily on recommendations from the computer security institute and public accounting firms because they were in a position to evaluate and compare information security programs at [many] organizations .

To determine the applicability of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials , including officials in OMB 's Information Policy and Technology Branch , the Computer Security Division of NIST 's Information Technology Laboratory , CIO Council members , the chairman of the Chief Financial Officers Council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the President 's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection .
to determine the applicability of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with [many] federal officials , including officials in omb 's information policy and technology branch , the computer security division of nist 's information technology laboratory , cio council members , the chairman of the chief financial officers council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the president 's commission on critical infrastructure protection .

However , there are numerous policy , technical , legal , and human resource issues that are not fully within the control of officials at individual agencies .
however , there are [many] policy , technical , legal , and human resource issues that are not fully within the control of officials at individual agencies .

This contrasts with the view expressed to us by numerous federal managers and security experts that many top federal officials have not recognized the indispensable nature of electronic data and automated systems to their program operations .
this contrasts with the view expressed to us by [many] federal managers and security experts that many top federal officials have not recognized the indispensable nature of electronic data and automated systems to their program operations .

While all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from numerous subordinate security managers and administrators .
while all of the central groups had staffs ranging from 3 to 17 people permanently assigned to the group , comparing the size of these groups is of limited value because of wide variations in the ( 1 ) sizes of the organizations we studied , ( 2 ) inherent riskiness of their operations , and ( 3 ) the additional support the groups received from other organizational components and from [many] subordinate security managers and administrators .

Accordingly , they monitored numerous factors associated with their security programs , and they used the results to identify needed improvements .
accordingly , they monitored [many] factors associated with their security programs , and they used the results to identify needed improvements .

To fulfill the requirements of section 204 regarding providing an opportunity for input from State , local and tribal governments , a `` Federal-State-Relations Conference '' was held and the numerous comments received from these entities were considered and are discussed in the preamble and the final Regulatory Impact Analysis .
to fulfill the requirements of section 204 regarding providing an opportunity for input from state , local and tribal governments , a `` federal-state-relations conference '' was held and the [many] comments received from these entities were considered and are discussed in the preamble and the final regulatory impact analysis .

In addition to the financial benefits resulting from GAO 's work , the agency 's efforts also contribute to numerous qualitative improvements in government operations and services .
in addition to the financial benefits resulting from gao 's work , the agency 's efforts also contribute to [many] qualitative improvements in government operations and services .

Unless appropriately controlled , computerized operations can offer those with criminal or other malicious intentions numerous opportunities for committing fraud , tampering with data , or disrupting vital operations .
unless appropriately controlled , computerized operations can offer those with criminal or other malicious intentions [many] opportunities for committing fraud , tampering with data , or disrupting vital operations .

Unfortunately , despite our numerous attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation on this matter , to date , the information we requested has not been made available to us .
unfortunately , despite our [many] attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation on this matter , to date , the information we requested has not been made available to us .

EPA has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in the Summary and Analysis of Comments , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 213 ( a ) ( 3 ) of the Clean Air Act .
epa has considered [many] regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in the summary and analysis of comments , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 213 ( a ) ( 3 ) of the clean air act .

Locations of alternative workplaces are usually the employee 's home or telecenters.13 Although numerous benefits exist for both the agency and employees participating in alternative workplaces ( such as employee moral and lower commuting costs ) , flexible workplace is a management option , not an employee benefit .
locations of alternative workplaces are usually the employee 's home or telecenters.13 although [many] benefits exist for both the agency and employees participating in alternative workplaces ( such as employee moral and lower commuting costs ) , flexible workplace is a management option , not an employee benefit .

Numerous techniques are available to the supervisor to obtain this assurance .
[many] techniques are available to the supervisor to obtain this assurance .

Over the last few years , we have issued numerous reports with practical recommendations on the steps individual agencies can take to address their specific human capital challenges.12 In addition , we have reported on governmentwide trends and lessons learned by successful organizations.13 We also understand that we have a responsibility to `` lead by example '' and `` practice what we preach '' in all key management areas , including strategic human capital management .
over the last few years , we have issued [many] reports with practical recommendations on the steps individual agencies can take to address their specific human capital challenges.12 in addition , we have reported on governmentwide trends and lessons learned by successful organizations.13 we also understand that we have a responsibility to `` lead by example '' and `` practice what we preach '' in all key management areas , including strategic human capital management .

EPA has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in both the preamble to the final rule and the Regulatory Impact Analysis , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 206 ( h ) of the Clean Air Act .
epa has considered [many] regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in both the preamble to the final rule and the regulatory impact analysis , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 206 ( h ) of the clean air act .

The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed regulation following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the initial regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small entities .
the analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and [many] small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed regulation following the inclusion in the notice of proposed rulemaking of the initial regulatory flexibility analysis which discussed the economic impact on small entities .

Section 204 requires that State , local and tribal governments have an opportunity for input and numerous comments were received from State and local governments , health departments , substance abuse programs and law enforcement agencies .
section 204 requires that state , local and tribal governments have an opportunity for input and [many] comments were received from state and local governments , health departments , substance abuse programs and law enforcement agencies .

All during this process , EPA issued many notices of data availability and held other meetings with numerous industry stakeholders , trade associations , environmental groups , states , and other interested parties .
all during this process , epa issued many notices of data availability and held other meetings with [many] industry stakeholders , trade associations , environmental groups , states , and other interested parties .

The analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and numerous small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed rule and by attending an open public meeting in August 1995 and the September 1995 meeting of the Good Manufacturing Practice Advisory Committee .
the analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities as required by section 607 and [many] small entities participated in the rulemaking as required by section 609 by submitting comments on the proposed rule and by attending an open public meeting in august 1995 and the september 1995 meeting of the good manufacturing practice advisory committee .

The preamble states that numerous comments were received and a widely attended public hearing was held on November 1 , 1995 .
the preamble states that [many] comments were received and a widely attended public hearing was held on november 1 , 1995 .

Numerous research reports have been published characterizing cost growth resulting from poor planning and design practices .
[many] research reports have been published characterizing cost growth resulting from poor planning and design practices .

Problems identified in numerous evaluations include information systems that do not meet users ' needs , exceed cost estimates , or take significantly longer than expected to complete .
problems identified in [many] evaluations include information systems that do not meet users ' needs , exceed cost estimates , or take significantly longer than expected to complete .

In deciding on whether or not a closeout meeting will be held , GAO will consider the preferences of the agency officials and whether the work has involved interviews with numerous people , over a significant period of time , at that particular location .
in deciding on whether or not a closeout meeting will be held , gao will consider the preferences of the agency officials and whether the work has involved interviews with [many] people , over a significant period of time , at that particular location .

The Commission received numerous formal and informal comments on the proposed rule during the comment period which was extended twice .
the commission received [many] formal and informal comments on the proposed rule during the comment period which was extended twice .

Table 3.7 : Cumulative Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect Functions Retrospective cumulation allows generalization without cost and time of conducting numerous new case studies ; prospective cumulation also allows generalization without unmanageably large numbers of cases in process at any one time ; strengthens inference from new studies by combining with results from older studies Design features Uses site selection and usually a large number of cases ; data as reported ( retrospective ) ; usually on-site observation ( prospective ) ; backfill techniques ; analysis uses case survey method to cumulate findings ; possible to examine interactions directly since number of instances is large ; reports may resemble evaluation syntheses ( continued )
table 3.7 : cumulative case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect functions retrospective cumulation allows generalization without cost and time of conducting [many] new case studies ; prospective cumulation also allows generalization without unmanageably large numbers of cases in process at any one time ; strengthens inference from new studies by combining with results from older studies design features uses site selection and usually a large number of cases ; data as reported ( retrospective ) ; usually on-site observation ( prospective ) ; backfill techniques ; analysis uses case survey method to cumulate findings ; possible to examine interactions directly since number of instances is large ; reports may resemble evaluation syntheses ( continued )

Nevertheless , some evidence suggests that the existence of Social Security may have reduced personal saving , and numerous studies have attempted to estimate the saving offset.19 However , given that Social Security was established in 1935 and Medicare in 1965 , it seems unlikely that these programs were major contributors to the decline in the personal saving rate over the 1980s and 1990s .
nevertheless , some evidence suggests that the existence of social security may have reduced personal saving , and [many] studies have attempted to estimate the saving offset.19 however , given that social security was established in 1935 and medicare in 1965 , it seems unlikely that these programs were major contributors to the decline in the personal saving rate over the 1980s and 1990s .

Based on the numerous comments it received , FDA published the codified provisions of the draft final rule on April 17 , 1997 ( 62 Fed .
based on the [many] comments it received , fda published the codified provisions of the draft final rule on april 17 , 1997 ( 62 fed .

As LSC has stated in numerous letters to the field , there is no `` magic number '' of legal services programs for a given state or a single delivery model that fits every state .
as lsc has stated in [many] letters to the field , there is no `` magic number '' of legal services programs for a given state or a single delivery model that fits every state .

Additionally , LSC 's state planning team has issued numerous other targeted field correspondences to individual states ' stakeholders who have submitted configuration plans adjudged insufficiently responsive to the tenets of State Planning .
additionally , lsc 's state planning team has issued [many] other targeted field correspondences to individual states ' stakeholders who have submitted configuration plans adjudged insufficiently responsive to the tenets of state planning .

Moreover , the fact that Congress has placed numerous restrictions on legal services funding in the United States-restrictions that then attach to non-LSC funds-causes many organizations that might otherwise seriously consider applying for LSC funds to choose not to do so .
moreover , the fact that congress has placed [many] restrictions on legal services funding in the united states-restrictions that then attach to non-lsc funds-causes many organizations that might otherwise seriously consider applying for lsc funds to choose not to do so .

In the last several years , LSC has hosted numerous conferences where advocates can share ideas , such as Diversity in the Legal Services Community , Making Mergers Work , and Creating Client-Centered Communities of Justice .
in the last several years , lsc has hosted [many] conferences where advocates can share ideas , such as diversity in the legal services community , making mergers work , and creating client-centered communities of justice .

To add to his outstanding career achievements , Mr. Casellas has been a leader in many local , state , and national associations and received numerous awards for service and leadership , including the `` Spirit of Excellence '' Award from the American Bar Association .
to add to his outstanding career achievements , mr. casellas has been a leader in many local , state , and national associations and received [many] awards for service and leadership , including the `` spirit of excellence '' award from the american bar association .

As a result , numerous cases have been excluded from reporting , even though the client received legal service , because the case was not documented according to LSC requirements .
as a result , [many] cases have been excluded from reporting , even though the client received legal service , because the case was not documented according to lsc requirements .

As a result , numerous cases have been excluded from reporting , even though the client received legal service , because the case lacked the required documentation .
as a result , [many] cases have been excluded from reporting , even though the client received legal service , because the case lacked the required documentation .

Legal services also enjoys the longstanding , active support and engagement of the Maryland State Bar Association , as well as numerous local bar associations .
legal services also enjoys the longstanding , active support and engagement of the maryland state bar association , as well as [many] local bar associations .

It conducts numerous CLE accredited trainings each year , and coordinates bi-monthly statewide task force meetings in the areas of family , housing , public benefits , consumer , immigration and seniors law .
it conducts [many] cle accredited trainings each year , and coordinates bi-monthly statewide task force meetings in the areas of family , housing , public benefits , consumer , immigration and seniors law .

Other participants in the Symposium and its numerous standing committees include legal services advocates and program board members , representatives of the state Attorney General 's office and other government attorneys , faculty from the West Virginia College of Law , bar leaders , and representatives of the domestic violence and human services communities .
other participants in the symposium and its [many] standing committees include legal services advocates and program board members , representatives of the state attorney general 's office and other government attorneys , faculty from the west virginia college of law , bar leaders , and representatives of the domestic violence and human services communities .

A TIG conference was held in Chicago in October to introduce this year 's grantees to the national support system that LSC has developed , with the assistance of numerous grantees .
a tig conference was held in chicago in october to introduce this year 's grantees to the national support system that lsc has developed , with the assistance of [many] grantees .

California 's planning and collaborative efforts in the last year have been numerous and complex , reflecting the state 's many programs , languages , clients and needs .
california 's planning and collaborative efforts in the last year have been [many] and complex , reflecting the state 's many programs , languages , clients and needs .

Developing an allocation scheme requires answering numerous questions .
developing an allocation scheme requires answering [many] questions .

EPA believes the study has received adequate review and has been cited in numerous peerreviewed publications ( Chestnut and Dennis , 1997 ) .
epa believes the study has received adequate review and has been cited in [many] peerreviewed publications ( chestnut and dennis , 1997 ) .

The most extensive field experiments , conducted under the National Crop Loss Assessment Network ( NCLAN ) , examined 15 species and numerous cultivars .
the most extensive field experiments , conducted under the national crop loss assessment network ( nclan ) , examined 15 species and [many] cultivars .

Voluminous testimony is provided , as are the results of numerous cost studies .
voluminous testimony is provided , as are the results of [many] cost studies .

Contrary to numerous published reports , there is no evidence the hijackers ever used false Social Security numbers to open any bank accounts .
contrary to [many] published reports , there is no evidence the hijackers ever used false social security numbers to open any bank accounts .

The plan that started with a proposal by KSM in 1996 had evolved to overcome numerous obstacles .
the plan that started with a proposal by ksm in 1996 had evolved to overcome [many] obstacles .

The radios signals often did not succeed in penetrating the numerous steel and concrete floors that separated companies attempting to communicate ; and second , so many different companies were attempting to use the same point-to-point channel that communications became unintelligible .
the radios signals often did not succeed in penetrating the [many] steel and concrete floors that separated companies attempting to communicate ; and second , so many different companies were attempting to use the same point-to-point channel that communications became unintelligible .

The fireball exploded onto numerous lower floors , including the 77th and 22nd ; the West Street lobby level ; and the B4 level , four stories below ground .
the fireball exploded onto [many] lower floors , including the 77th and 22nd ; the west street lobby level ; and the b4 level , four stories below ground .

NYPD Initial Response Numerous NYPD officers saw the plane strike the North Tower and immediately reported it to NYPD communications dispatchers .
nypd initial response [many] nypd officers saw the plane strike the north tower and immediately reported it to nypd communications dispatchers .

Numerous officers responded in order to help injured civilians and to urge those who could walk to vacate the area immediately .
[many] officers responded in order to help injured civilians and to urge those who could walk to vacate the area immediately .

Fifth , numerous additional FDNY personnel-such as fire marshals and firefighters in administrative positions-who lacked a predetermined operating role also reported to the WTC .
fifth , [many] additional fdny personnel-such as fire marshals and firefighters in administrative positions-who lacked a predetermined operating role also reported to the wtc .

Just prior to 10:00 , in the North Tower one engine company had climbed to the 54th floor , at least two other companies of firefighters had reached the sky lobby on the 44th floor , and numerous units were located between the 5th and 37th floors .
just prior to 10:00 , in the north tower one engine company had climbed to the 54th floor , at least two other companies of firefighters had reached the sky lobby on the 44th floor , and [many] units were located between the 5th and 37th floors .

At 9:50 , an FDNY ladder company encountered numerous seriously injured civilians on the 70th floor .
at 9:50 , an fdny ladder company encountered [many] seriously injured civilians on the 70th floor .

He also reported numerous civilian fatalities in the area .
he also reported [many] civilian fatalities in the area .

The overall command post consisted of senior chiefs , commissioners , the field communications van ( Field Comm ) , numerous units that began to arrive after the South Tower was hit , and EMS chiefs and personnel .
the overall command post consisted of senior chiefs , commissioners , the field communications van ( field comm ) , [many] units that began to arrive after the south tower was hit , and ems chiefs and personnel .

The team then stated that it was ascending via stairs , was somewhere in the 20s , and was making slow progress because of the numerous descending civilians crowding the stairwell .
the team then stated that it was ascending via stairs , was somewhere in the 20s , and was making slow progress because of the [many] descending civilians crowding the stairwell .

Numerous other NYPD officers were stationed throughout the concourse , assisting burned , injured , and disoriented civilians , as well as directing all civilians to exit to the north and east .
[many] other nypd officers were stationed throughout the concourse , assisting burned , injured , and disoriented civilians , as well as directing all civilians to exit to the north and east .

Numerous PAPD officers were also climbing in the South Tower , including the PAPD ESU team .
[many] papd officers were also climbing in the south tower , including the papd esu team .

At the time of the collapse of the South Tower , there were numerous NYPD officers in the concourse , some of whom are believed to have died there .
at the time of the collapse of the south tower , there were [many] nypd officers in the concourse , some of whom are believed to have died there .

In addition to county fire , police , and sheriff 's departments , the response was assisted by the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority , Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport Fire Department , Fort Myer Fire Department , the Virginia State Police , the Virginia Department of Emergency Management , the FBI , FEMA , a National Medical ResponseTeam , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , and Firearms , and numerous military personnel within the Military District of Washington .
in addition to county fire , police , and sheriff 's departments , the response was assisted by the metropolitan washington airports authority , ronald reagan washington national airport fire department , fort myer fire department , the virginia state police , the virginia department of emergency management , the fbi , fema , a national medical responseteam , the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , and firearms , and [many] military personnel within the military district of washington .

As a result , numerous units were congregating in the undamaged Marriott Hotel and at the overall command post on West Street by 9:30 , while chiefs in charge of the South Tower still were in desperate need of units .
as a result , [many] units were congregating in the undamaged marriott hotel and at the overall command post on west street by 9:30 , while chiefs in charge of the south tower still were in desperate need of units .

For numerous additional FDNY personnel reporting , see FDNY interview 3 , Chief ( Jan. 7 , 2004 ) ; FDNY interview 8 , Fire Marshall ( Jan. 9 , 2004 ) .
for [many] additional fdny personnel reporting , see fdny interview 3 , chief ( jan. 7 , 2004 ) ; fdny interview 8 , fire marshall ( jan. 9 , 2004 ) .

The CIA official who ran the Sudanese portfolio and met with the Sudanese on numerous occasions told us the Sudanese were not going to deliver , and the perceived moderates `` were just flat-out lying . ''
the cia official who ran the sudanese portfolio and met with the sudanese on [many] occasions told us the sudanese were not going to deliver , and the perceived moderates `` were just flat-out lying . ''

It worried that because of the numerous prior consultations between FBI agents and prosecutors , the judge might rule that the FISA warrants had been misused .
it worried that because of the [many] prior consultations between fbi agents and prosecutors , the judge might rule that the fisa warrants had been misused .

Numerous government reports indicated that checkpoints performed poorly , often failing to detect even obvious FAA test items .
[many] government reports indicated that checkpoints performed poorly , often failing to detect even obvious faa test items .

There were therefore numerous restrictions on handling information and a deep suspicion about sending information over newfangled electronic systems , like email , to other agencies of the U.S. government .
there were therefore [many] restrictions on handling information and a deep suspicion about sending information over newfangled electronic systems , like email , to other agencies of the u.s. government .

Anyone who was foreign-born or had numerous relatives abroad was well-advised not even to apply .
anyone who was foreign-born or had [many] relatives abroad was well-advised not even to apply .

In contrast , Taliban members came principally from Afghanistan 's most numerous ethnic group , the Pashtuns , who are concentrated in the southern part of the country , extending into the North-West Frontier and Baluchistan provinces of Pakistan .
in contrast , taliban members came principally from afghanistan 's most [many] ethnic group , the pashtuns , who are concentrated in the southern part of the country , extending into the north-west frontier and baluchistan provinces of pakistan .

A terrorist threat advisory distributed in late June indicated a high probability of near-term `` spectacular '' terrorist attacks resulting in numerous casualties .
a terrorist threat advisory distributed in late june indicated a high probability of near-term `` spectacular '' terrorist attacks resulting in [many] casualties .

Numerous actions were taken overseas to disrupt possible attacks- enlisting foreign partners to upset terrorist plans , closing embassies , moving military assets out of the way of possible harm .
[many] actions were taken overseas to disrupt possible attacks- enlisting foreign partners to upset terrorist plans , closing embassies , moving military assets out of the way of possible harm .

Having interviewed numerous members of Congress from both parties , as well as congressional staff members , we found that dissatisfaction with congressional oversight remains widespread .
having interviewed [many] members of congress from both parties , as well as congressional staff members , we found that dissatisfaction with congressional oversight remains widespread .

There were numerous technical problems , especially with the Hellfire missiles .
there were [many] technical problems , especially with the hellfire missiles .

In time , the former would encompass numerous companies and a global network of bank accounts and nongovernmental institutions .
in time , the former would encompass [many] companies and a global network of bank accounts and nongovernmental institutions .

A Muslim organization called al Khifa had numerous branch offices , the largest of which was in the Farouq mosque in Brooklyn .
a muslim organization called al khifa had [many] branch offices , the largest of which was in the farouq mosque in brooklyn .

During the fall of 1992 , while Yousef was building the bomb he would use in that attack , KSM and Yousef had numerous telephone conversations during which Yousef discussed his progress and sought additional funding .
during the fall of 1992 , while yousef was building the bomb he would use in that attack , ksm and yousef had [many] telephone conversations during which yousef discussed his progress and sought additional funding .

As mentioned earlier , Bin Ladin was receiving numerous ideas for potential operations- KSM 's proposal to attack U.S. targets with commercial airplanes was only one of many .
as mentioned earlier , bin ladin was receiving [many] ideas for potential operations- ksm 's proposal to attack u.s. targets with commercial airplanes was only one of many .

Although Jarrah 's transformation generated numerous quarrels , their breakups invariably were followed by reconciliation .
although jarrah 's transformation generated [many] quarrels , their breakups invariably were followed by reconciliation .

President Clinton spoke of terrorism in numerous public statements .
president clinton spoke of terrorism in [many] public statements .

Bayoumi and Thumairy had numerous telephonic contacts between December 1998 and December 2000 .
bayoumi and thumairy had [many] telephonic contacts between december 1998 and december 2000 .

For evidence of the numerous attempts by air traffic control to raise American 11 , see FAA memo , `` Full Transcript ; Aircraft Accident ; AAL11 ; New York , NY ; September 11 , 2001 , '' Feb. 15 , 2002 , p. 7 .
for evidence of the [many] attempts by air traffic control to raise american 11 , see faa memo , `` full transcript ; aircraft accident ; aal11 ; new york , ny ; september 11 , 2001 , '' feb. 15 , 2002 , p. 7 .

Following the development of penicillin for the treatment of septicemia in the early 1940s , numerous antibiotics were discovered and introduced into medicine .
following the development of penicillin for the treatment of septicemia in the early 1940s , [many] antibiotics were discovered and introduced into medicine .

Recent studies suggest that neural cells can be derived from adult pancreatic epithelium [ 7,8 ] , adding to a growing body of data demonstrating numerous similarities in neural and pancreatic endocrine development ( reviewed in [ 43 ] ) .
recent studies suggest that neural cells can be derived from adult pancreatic epithelium [ 7,8 ] , adding to a growing body of data demonstrating [many] similarities in neural and pancreatic endocrine development ( reviewed in [ 43 ] ) .

Despite numerous efforts to identify auxin-induced modification of Aux/IAA proteins , no such signal has been discovered , raising the distinct possibility that auxin uses a novel mechanism to regulate SCF–substrate interactions .
despite [many] efforts to identify auxin-induced modification of aux/iaa proteins , no such signal has been discovered , raising the distinct possibility that auxin uses a novel mechanism to regulate scf–substrate interactions .

When the unexpected Soviet invasion of Hungary in 1956 spurred his emigration to the United States , Bela Julesz , with his Hungarian doctorate in engineering , joined the numerous mathematical luminaries working at AT & T Bell Laboratories , such as John Tukey , Harry Nyquist , Claude Shannon , and John Kelly .
when the unexpected soviet invasion of hungary in 1956 spurred his emigration to the united states , bela julesz , with his hungarian doctorate in engineering , joined the [many] mathematical luminaries working at at & t bell laboratories , such as john tukey , harry nyquist , claude shannon , and john kelly .

His seminars and lecture courses were enthusiastically received and endorsed by countless students , post-doctoral trainees , and faculty , as evidenced both by his formidable reputation and through the numerous citations of his work .
his seminars and lecture courses were enthusiastically received and endorsed by countless students , post-doctoral trainees , and faculty , as evidenced both by his formidable reputation and through the [many] citations of his work .

Bela continued investigating mechanisms of form , texture , and stereopsis ; his presence led to numerous studies into the implications of his original findings as well as new investigations into computational vision .
bela continued investigating mechanisms of form , texture , and stereopsis ; his presence led to [many] studies into the implications of his original findings as well as new investigations into computational vision .

Thus , health authorities should add HCoV-NL63 to the list of pathogens that can cause numerous LRTIs in young children .
thus , health authorities should add hcov-nl63 to the list of pathogens that can cause [many] lrtis in young children .

Neurobiologist John Allman ( California Institute of Technology , Pasadena , California , United States ) and his collaborators , for instance , have discovered that a special type of large spindle-shaped neuron , first described in the early 20th century by Constantin von Economo , is unique to apes and humans and much more numerous in the latter .
neurobiologist john allman ( california institute of technology , pasadena , california , united states ) and his collaborators , for instance , have discovered that a special type of large spindle-shaped neuron , first described in the early 20th century by constantin von economo , is unique to apes and humans and much more [many] in the latter .

Numerous international and regional human rights instruments , to which Nigeria is a party [ 31 ] , protect the rights of PLWA .
[many] international and regional human rights instruments , to which nigeria is a party [ 31 ] , protect the rights of plwa .

The proteasome is thus responsible for an important aspect of cellular regulation because the timely and controlled proteolysis of key cellular factors regulates numerous biological processes such as cell cycle , differentiation , stress response , neuronal morphogenesis , cell surface receptor modulation , secretion , DNA repair , transcriptional regulation , long-term memory , circadian rhythms , immune response , and biogenesis of organelles ( Glickman and Ciechanover 2002 ) .
the proteasome is thus responsible for an important aspect of cellular regulation because the timely and controlled proteolysis of key cellular factors regulates [many] biological processes such as cell cycle , differentiation , stress response , neuronal morphogenesis , cell surface receptor modulation , secretion , dna repair , transcriptional regulation , long-term memory , circadian rhythms , immune response , and biogenesis of organelles ( glickman and ciechanover 2002 ) .

For example , a recent mtDNA analysis of North American birds ( Johnson and Cicero 2004 ) showed that numerous avian species have low divergences and that speciation can occur relatively rapidly under certain circumstances .
for example , a recent mtdna analysis of north american birds ( johnson and cicero 2004 ) showed that [many] avian species have low divergences and that speciation can occur relatively rapidly under certain circumstances .

Most of the numerous studies of dementia incidence have been restricted to single sites .
most of the [many] studies of dementia incidence have been restricted to single sites .

Concentrated in coastal areas , aquaculture has aroused numerous concerns .
concentrated in coastal areas , aquaculture has aroused [many] concerns .

Work by Manuel Casanova and colleagues at the University of Louisville ( Louisville , Kentucky , United States ) shows that the “ minicolumns ” of neurons that make up the cortex are narrower and more numerous in autistic brains .
work by manuel casanova and colleagues at the university of louisville ( louisville , kentucky , united states ) shows that the “ minicolumns ” of neurons that make up the cortex are narrower and more [many] in autistic brains .

In the southeast of Australia , prescribed burns of high frequency and low intensity can alter the habitat in ways that therefore threaten survival of numerous plant and animal species .
in the southeast of australia , prescribed burns of high frequency and low intensity can alter the habitat in ways that therefore threaten survival of [many] plant and animal species .

In developed countries , fuels are further specified in numerous classes for fire behavior prediction , but that requires decades of field work .
in developed countries , fuels are further specified in [many] classes for fire behavior prediction , but that requires decades of field work .

Sir2 ( the mammalian homolog is SIRT1 ) is a nicotinamide-adenine-dinucleotide-dependent histone deacetylase that interacts with numerous transcription factors to silence gene transcription .
sir2 ( the mammalian homolog is sirt1 ) is a nicotinamide-adenine-dinucleotide-dependent histone deacetylase that interacts with [many] transcription factors to silence gene transcription .

Neurons contain an array of voltage-dependent Na + and K + channels as well as numerous Cl − , Ca 2+ , and voltage-independent leak channels .
neurons contain an array of voltage-dependent na + and k + channels as well as [many] cl − , ca 2+ , and voltage-independent leak channels .

In contrast to the numerous proposals for big science initiatives to understand the fundamental workings of biological organisms , I propose a small science , relatively low-tech approach that could have a dramatic pay off .
in contrast to the [many] proposals for big science initiatives to understand the fundamental workings of biological organisms , i propose a small science , relatively low-tech approach that could have a dramatic pay off .

Although we focus in particular on population health outcomes and epidemiologic trends , we recognize that there are numerous other social , economic , and individual health effects of interventions including ART that are beyond the scope of this analysis .
although we focus in particular on population health outcomes and epidemiologic trends , we recognize that there are [many] other social , economic , and individual health effects of interventions including art that are beyond the scope of this analysis .

Numerous known MSC markers were included in the list of 412 genes , such as the mesenchymal stem cell protein DSC54 ( 13.9-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , neuropilin 1 ( 30.4-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , hepatocyte growth factor ( 48.1-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , forkhead box D1 ( 14.8-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , and notch homolog 2 ( 2.9-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) .
[many] known msc markers were included in the list of 412 genes , such as the mesenchymal stem cell protein dsc54 ( 13.9-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , neuropilin 1 ( 30.4-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , hepatocyte growth factor ( 48.1-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , forkhead box d1 ( 14.8-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) , and notch homolog 2 ( 2.9-fold increase , p < 0.001 ) .

Numerous studies now indicate that IFN-γ production alone is not associated with viral load [ 19,30,31 ] but rather that functional characteristics of CD4+ and CD8+ T cells may be better associated with viral control [ 32,33,34,35 ] .
[many] studies now indicate that ifn-γ production alone is not associated with viral load [ 19,30,31 ] but rather that functional characteristics of cd4+ and cd8+ t cells may be better associated with viral control [ 32,33,34,35 ] .

While numerous CD3 + T cells ( red ) are present as well as scattered monocytes ( green ) , her low CD4 count is reflected in the few double-labeled CD3 + CD4 + T cells ( yellow ) seen in the image .
while [many] cd3 + t cells ( red ) are present as well as scattered monocytes ( green ) , her low cd4 count is reflected in the few double-labeled cd3 + cd4 + t cells ( yellow ) seen in the image .

To date , numerous experiments in animal models suggest RNAi can downregulate a variety of target genes effectively .
to date , [many] experiments in animal models suggest rnai can downregulate a variety of target genes effectively .

Numerous studies have reported that circulating resistin levels are increased in human obesity [ 20,25,26,41 ] and diabetes [ 19,20,23,42,43 ] .
[many] studies have reported that circulating resistin levels are increased in human obesity [ 20,25,26,41 ] and diabetes [ 19,20,23,42,43 ] .

Integrin dysfunctions are associated with numerous human disorders such as thrombosis , atherosclerosis , cancer , and chronic inflammatory diseases .
integrin dysfunctions are associated with [many] human disorders such as thrombosis , atherosclerosis , cancer , and chronic inflammatory diseases .

Balancing Prevention and Treatment The scale of the proposed increase in the number of patients receiving ART raises numerous questions about the treatment itself .
balancing prevention and treatment the scale of the proposed increase in the number of patients receiving art raises [many] questions about the treatment itself .

Despite numerous caveats and limitations of studies like this one , such analyses are essential aids in guiding the distribution of limited funds to lower the burden of life years lost to premature death and disability .
despite [many] caveats and limitations of studies like this one , such analyses are essential aids in guiding the distribution of limited funds to lower the burden of life years lost to premature death and disability .

Future Directions in Research There are numerous outstanding issues in stuttering .
future directions in research there are [many] outstanding issues in stuttering .

There are numerous examples of this , although in most cases they are indirectly documented .
there are [many] examples of this , although in most cases they are indirectly documented .

Numerous studies over the past three decades have shown that mammals , including humans , can regenerate their digit tips provided the amputation plane is distal to the terminal phalangeal joint ( Douglas 1972 ; Illingworth 1974 ; Borgens 1982 ; Singer et al .
[many] studies over the past three decades have shown that mammals , including humans , can regenerate their digit tips provided the amputation plane is distal to the terminal phalangeal joint ( douglas 1972 ; illingworth 1974 ; borgens 1982 ; singer et al .

To propagate successfully , they must exploit numerous machineries of the infected cell .
to propagate successfully , they must exploit [many] machineries of the infected cell .

The Precarious US Framework for Protecting Children Despite numerous attempts to upgrade the regulatory system , such as the CBTS , the framework to protect children from environmental toxins is precarious .
the precarious us framework for protecting children despite [many] attempts to upgrade the regulatory system , such as the cbts , the framework to protect children from environmental toxins is precarious .

Unfortunately , numerous obstacles to providing effective antiretroviral treatment to the majority of infected individuals in resource-poor countries exist .
unfortunately , [many] obstacles to providing effective antiretroviral treatment to the majority of infected individuals in resource-poor countries exist .

We hope you had an opportunity to read about Robert and his time at the Club before the letter became lost in the numerous pieces of mail one receives over the holidays .
we hope you had an opportunity to read about robert and his time at the club before the letter became lost in the [many] pieces of mail one receives over the holidays .

Goodwill offers hope even to people with numerous obstacles to overcome , like Jerry .
goodwill offers hope even to people with [many] obstacles to overcome , like jerry .

Better yet , most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - CICOA The Access Network , Goodwill Industries , Indianapolis Housing Agency , City of Indianapolis , Indianapolis Private Industry Council , Family and Social Services administration , OTC , Indy Parks , and numerous community development corporations , neighborhood organizations , and churches , to name just a few .
better yet , most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - cicoa the access network , goodwill industries , indianapolis housing agency , city of indianapolis , indianapolis private industry council , family and social services administration , otc , indy parks , and [many] community development corporations , neighborhood organizations , and churches , to name just a few .

The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis , a United Way agency .
the 9th annual jcc auction will benefit the [many] scholarship programs of the jewish community center of indianapolis , a united way agency .

There are numerous other challenges still to be met .
there are [many] other challenges still to be met .

In a recent message to current students , I urged them , too , to take pride in being associated with one of the best nursing schools in the country and reminded them of our rich heritage : our role in founding Sigma Theta Tau International and in launching the Midwest Nursing Research Society and Midwest Alliance in Nursing ; our leadership in bringing the Healthy Cities movement to the United States and designation as the first ( and only ) World Health Organization Collaborating Center in Healthy Cities ; our ranking among the top 16 schools of nursing in the 1994 U.S. News and World Report survey ; and our support for the numerous students , alumni , and faculty who have won awards and held leadership positions in community , university , and professional organizations .
in a recent message to current students , i urged them , too , to take pride in being associated with one of the best nursing schools in the country and reminded them of our rich heritage : our role in founding sigma theta tau international and in launching the midwest nursing research society and midwest alliance in nursing ; our leadership in bringing the healthy cities movement to the united states and designation as the first ( and only ) world health organization collaborating center in healthy cities ; our ranking among the top 16 schools of nursing in the 1994 u.s. news and world report survey ; and our support for the [many] students , alumni , and faculty who have won awards and held leadership positions in community , university , and professional organizations .

The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis , a United Way agency .
the 9th annual jcc auction will benefit the [many] scholarship programs of the jewish community center of indianapolis , a united way agency .

Indiana University 's `` peaks of excellence '' are becoming more numerous and , at the same time , more vulnerable .
indiana university 's `` peaks of excellence '' are becoming more [many] and , at the same time , more vulnerable .

McCoy is actively represented and working with numerous community collaborations where we regularly raise our voice to speak out for the inclusion of young people in both decision-making and program planning processes .
mccoy is actively represented and working with [many] community collaborations where we regularly raise our voice to speak out for the inclusion of young people in both decision-making and program planning processes .

Despite its numerous vital functions , the hypothalamus in humans accounts for only 1/300 of total brain weight , and is about the size of an almond.66 How exciting to think that a part of the human brain was evolved from the fish , and how plausible , looking past the gnostoc into the cold waters of the Lake , that humans would be happier if they lived there without the elaboration of aggressive behaviors exhibited by the savage boys in gym class .
despite its [many] vital functions , the hypothalamus in humans accounts for only 1/300 of total brain weight , and is about the size of an almond.66 how exciting to think that a part of the human brain was evolved from the fish , and how plausible , looking past the gnostoc into the cold waters of the lake , that humans would be happier if they lived there without the elaboration of aggressive behaviors exhibited by the savage boys in gym class .

The Washington Post leads with the Clinton administration 's announcement that it plans to play a role in the numerous city lawsuits against the gun industry .
the washington post leads with the clinton administration 's announcement that it plans to play a role in the [many] city lawsuits against the gun industry .

This decent elegant fellow human beingWas seated in virtue , character , disability , Behind her the order of the ranged bookshelves , The windows monitored by Venetian blinds -- '' These can be raised or lowered ; numerous slats , Horizontally arranged , and parallel , Which can be tilted so as to admitPrecisely the desired light or air . ''
this decent elegant fellow human beingwas seated in virtue , character , disability , behind her the order of the ranged bookshelves , the windows monitored by venetian blinds -- '' these can be raised or lowered ; [many] slats , horizontally arranged , and parallel , which can be tilted so as to admitprecisely the desired light or air . ''

In its original form , the article accused Clinton of numerous , far-reaching offenses , including making misleading statements in televised appearances .
in its original form , the article accused clinton of [many] , far-reaching offenses , including making misleading statements in televised appearances .

In responding to 81 questions posed by the Judiciary Committee , Clinton interspersed numerous `` I do n't remembers '' with short statements which did not always directly answer the question .
in responding to 81 questions posed by the judiciary committee , clinton interspersed [many] `` i do n't remembers '' with short statements which did not always directly answer the question .

Part of the outrage over the drug 's availability stems from the numerous drugs also available to treat the same symptoms .
part of the outrage over the drug 's availability stems from the [many] drugs also available to treat the same symptoms .

Wynn 's company , Mirage Resorts , employs a full-time tele-survey staff that polls constituents on numerous political issues .
wynn 's company , mirage resorts , employs a full-time tele-survey staff that polls constituents on [many] political issues .

Because of the imminent release of a Roll Call piece based on a story Hustler is apparently working on indicating that Livingston has had numerous affairs during his 33-year marriage , Livingston preemptively fessed up .
because of the imminent release of a roll call piece based on a story hustler is apparently working on indicating that livingston has had [many] affairs during his 33-year marriage , livingston preemptively fessed up .

For instance , the NYT points out that the House bill incorporates numerous policy decisions that Congress never debated .
for instance , the nyt points out that the house bill incorporates [many] policy decisions that congress never debated .

Unable to convince even these fellow GOP lawmakers that numerous witnesses must be interrogated and that Clinton must be fully tried for the sake of the nation , the House managers are framing the case in increasingly personal terms .
unable to convince even these fellow gop lawmakers that [many] witnesses must be interrogated and that clinton must be fully tried for the sake of the nation , the house managers are framing the case in increasingly personal terms .

For instance , the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is currently looking for someone to `` assist in the reviews and analysis of numerous requests for speeches ; to develop , clear , release , and distribute a wide range of information and data concerning the nature and objective of the Commission 's programs ; [ and to ] prepare press releases , fact sheets , etc .
for instance , the u.s. commission on civil rights is currently looking for someone to `` assist in the reviews and analysis of [many] requests for speeches ; to develop , clear , release , and distribute a wide range of information and data concerning the nature and objective of the commission 's programs ; [ and to ] prepare press releases , fact sheets , etc .

Rigoberta Menchú and the Story of All Poor Guatemalans , by Middlebury College anthropologist David Stoll , documents numerous inaccuracies , fabrications , and shadings of the truth in Menehú 's ghostwritten 1987 autobiography .
rigoberta menchú and the story of all poor guatemalans , by middlebury college anthropologist david stoll , documents [many] inaccuracies , fabrications , and shadings of the truth in menehú 's ghostwritten 1987 autobiography .

He wrote numerous articles as well as a book etching his self-serving version of events into the historical record .
he wrote [many] articles as well as a book etching his self-serving version of events into the historical record .

The Star reports that `` on nearly a dozen occasions in the last three months , Hillary has viciously lashed out at numerous Secret Service officers for getting in her way . ''
the star reports that `` on nearly a dozen occasions in the last three months , hillary has viciously lashed out at [many] secret service officers for getting in her way . ''

The PG-13 rated movie , Wild Wild West , for example , opens with a 'humorous ' decapitation , and the PG rated movie , Star Wars : Episode 1 -- The Phantom Menace , contains numerous violent deaths . ''
the pg-13 rated movie , wild wild west , for example , opens with a 'humorous ' decapitation , and the pg rated movie , star wars : episode 1 -- the phantom menace , contains [many] violent deaths . ''

This one caught my eye , not only because of the ridiculous picture of him on the front , but also the numerous pages of incompetent work .
this one caught my eye , not only because of the ridiculous picture of him on the front , but also the [many] pages of incompetent work .

Die-hard conservatives are not numerous enough or suicidal enough to force a showdown .
die-hard conservatives are not [many] enough or suicidal enough to force a showdown .

Brill reinvents the wheel in this way numerous times .
brill reinvents the wheel in this way [many] times .

They trotted out numerous theories to establish the Kosovo mission 's futility : Air power alone had never won a war , the Serbs had proven their invincibility against Hitler , and negotiation backed by gradual military escalation had failed in Vietnam .
they trotted out [many] theories to establish the kosovo mission 's futility : air power alone had never won a war , the serbs had proven their invincibility against hitler , and negotiation backed by gradual military escalation had failed in vietnam .

Moreover , unlike Bradley , McCain has made numerous enemies in his own party by promoting legislation that would restrict campaign contributions and require tobacco companies to pay for health care and anti-smoking education .
moreover , unlike bradley , mccain has made [many] enemies in his own party by promoting legislation that would restrict campaign contributions and require tobacco companies to pay for health care and anti-smoking education .

At sea , this scenario is repeated numerous times every day .
at sea , this scenario is repeated [many] times every day .

Arafat pointed out that his police had arrested numerous terrorist suspects and confiscated weapons .
arafat pointed out that his police had arrested [many] terrorist suspects and confiscated weapons .

Both parents are deceased , and after numerous efforts to get along with my sibs , I just quit having any contact with them .
both parents are deceased , and after [many] efforts to get along with my sibs , i just quit having any contact with them .

We have been camping numerous times but always with friends , which his parents `` approve of . ''
we have been camping [many] times but always with friends , which his parents `` approve of . ''

Ron Rosenbaum replies : This letter , while unusually lucid for e-mail , is based on a misconception : While I 've only visited a chat room once , I 've read numerous transcripts , excerpts , printouts , etc .
ron rosenbaum replies : this letter , while unusually lucid for e-mail , is based on a misconception : while i 've only visited a chat room once , i 've read [many] transcripts , excerpts , printouts , etc .

It also quoted what it said was a recent U.S. State Department report on Pakistan saying that `` the police committed numerous extra-judicial killings and tortured , abused and raped citizens '' and that `` there is no evidence that any police officers were brought to justice . ''
it also quoted what it said was a recent u.s. state department report on pakistan saying that `` the police committed [many] extra-judicial killings and tortured , abused and raped citizens '' and that `` there is no evidence that any police officers were brought to justice . ''

Like Shakespeare 's works and the Bible , the TP , a three-page document , has inspired numerous schools of thought that disagree on the meaning of seemingly banal phrases and discern the handiwork of different authors .
like shakespeare 's works and the bible , the tp , a three-page document , has inspired [many] schools of thought that disagree on the meaning of seemingly banal phrases and discern the handiwork of different authors .

Fred Shapiro is perhaps the most skilled researcher in this area , and he 's been able to find incredibly early examples of words and phrases : `` politically correct '' from the 18 th century , or `` hopefully '' in its disputed sense -- '' it is to be hoped '' -- from numerous very formal sources in the 1930s through the 1950s , showing that the usage did n't simply pop up ex nihilo in the 1960s .
fred shapiro is perhaps the most skilled researcher in this area , and he 's been able to find incredibly early examples of words and phrases : `` politically correct '' from the 18 th century , or `` hopefully '' in its disputed sense -- '' it is to be hoped '' -- from [many] very formal sources in the 1930s through the 1950s , showing that the usage did n't simply pop up ex nihilo in the 1960s .

Slate does nothing to overcome the numerous hurdles it faces to acceptance by Net culture in suggesting that it 's OK to engage in a practice which is forbidden ( for numerous good reasons ) -- and which can result in its readers ' accounts being revoked .
slate does nothing to overcome the [many] hurdles it faces to acceptance by net culture in suggesting that it 's ok to engage in a practice which is forbidden ( for [many] good reasons ) -- and which can result in its readers ' accounts being revoked .

As I originally stated , numerous forces are responsible for limiting the consumer imports of this disparate group of countries .
as i originally stated , [many] forces are responsible for limiting the consumer imports of this disparate group of countries .

While underclass teen-agers may consciously have no interest other than in fooling around , their underlying reproductive strategy is a wide dissemination of genes to numerous offspring in the statistical hope that a few will make it .
while underclass teen-agers may consciously have no interest other than in fooling around , their underlying reproductive strategy is a wide dissemination of genes to [many] offspring in the statistical hope that a few will make it .

There are numerous misleading statements that , to me , demonstrate a merely superficial understanding of the situation .
there are [many] misleading statements that , to me , demonstrate a merely superficial understanding of the situation .

Although I could flag numerous other fundamental errors , I think that these should be enough to make my point that Easterbrook 's opinion of European `` telecoms and communication bureaucrats '' is far from the truth .
although i could flag [many] other fundamental errors , i think that these should be enough to make my point that easterbrook 's opinion of european `` telecoms and communication bureaucrats '' is far from the truth .

If the lazy bottom feeders become too numerous , there wo n't be enough carcasses floating down to the bottom .
if the lazy bottom feeders become too [many] , there wo n't be enough carcasses floating down to the bottom .

Finally , numerous statistics belie Krugman 's claim that real wages inevitably rise with productivity .
finally , [many] statistics belie krugman 's claim that real wages inevitably rise with productivity .

Our Hackathletes are Malcolm Gladwell of The New Yorker ; Hanna Rosin of the New Republic ; Michael Specter , a Moscow correspondent for the New York Times ; and Geoffrey Wheatcroft , author of The Randlords and a contributor to British publications too numerous to mention .
our hackathletes are malcolm gladwell of the new yorker ; hanna rosin of the new republic ; michael specter , a moscow correspondent for the new york times ; and geoffrey wheatcroft , author of the randlords and a contributor to british publications too [many] to mention .

Clinton 's surrogates advertised Wright as a Republican appointee , and numerous media outlets , including NBC , CBS , and NPR , highlighted that point .
clinton 's surrogates advertised wright as a republican appointee , and [many] media outlets , including nbc , cbs , and npr , highlighted that point .

I am shocked and dismayed by the numerous leaks regarding Mrs. Currie 's grand jury testimony . ''
i am shocked and dismayed by the [many] leaks regarding mrs. currie 's grand jury testimony . ''

Numerous entries played on the names of the special prosecutor ( `` Starr-gate , '' `` Starr Chamber , '' `` Starr Trek , '' `` Starr Grazing '' ) and the scandal 's mad secret taper ( `` Trippwire , '' `` Tripplash '' ) .
[many] entries played on the names of the special prosecutor ( `` starr-gate , '' `` starr chamber , '' `` starr trek , '' `` starr grazing '' ) and the scandal 's mad secret taper ( `` trippwire , '' `` tripplash '' ) .

The anti-independence forces , labeled `` gangs '' high up by the two Times ( although the word is never used by the WP ) , had by late Sunday set fire to numerous buildings in the territorial capital of Dili and shot `` scores '' of Timorese there and elsewhere on the island .
the anti-independence forces , labeled `` gangs '' high up by the two times ( although the word is never used by the wp ) , had by late sunday set fire to [many] buildings in the territorial capital of dili and shot `` scores '' of timorese there and elsewhere on the island .

A Washington Post book critic and Exley 's literary executor , Yardley is said to use scant evidence -- such as numerous late-night phone calls from Exley from 1975 to 1992 -- to draw conclusions about Exley 's self-absorption and ambiguous sexuality .
a washington post book critic and exley 's literary executor , yardley is said to use scant evidence -- such as [many] late-night phone calls from exley from 1975 to 1992 -- to draw conclusions about exley 's self-absorption and ambiguous sexuality .

Newsweek 's photos are better and more numerous .
newsweek 's photos are better and more [many] .

Yakuza members , who are six times more numerous than American Mafiosi , hand out business cards with gang names printed on them and frequently sport amputated pinkies ( `` cut to atone for a misdeed '' ) .
yakuza members , who are six times more [many] than american mafiosi , hand out business cards with gang names printed on them and frequently sport amputated pinkies ( `` cut to atone for a misdeed '' ) .

Apparently , Furrow 's was a borderline case : He had slashed his wrists , tried to stab workers at a mental health facility , and constantly talked about his violent , racist fantasies ; on the other hand , he had had only one run-in with the law , had sought psychiatric care , held a degree in engineering , and had held numerous jobs , including one at the Boeing Co. Mental-health experts quoted in the story argue that Furrow 's case is not nearly as clear-cut as the cases against the Capitol-building gunman or the recent New York City subway pusher .
apparently , furrow 's was a borderline case : he had slashed his wrists , tried to stab workers at a mental health facility , and constantly talked about his violent , racist fantasies ; on the other hand , he had had only one run-in with the law , had sought psychiatric care , held a degree in engineering , and had held [many] jobs , including one at the boeing co. mental-health experts quoted in the story argue that furrow 's case is not nearly as clear-cut as the cases against the capitol-building gunman or the recent new york city subway pusher .

Some comics have been moved to the front of the paper , including Tom Tomorrow and Ted Rall , both of whom are sydicated in numerous alternatives and dailies across the country .
some comics have been moved to the front of the paper , including tom tomorrow and ted rall , both of whom are sydicated in [many] alternatives and dailies across the country .

I hope so , although I was not heartened by an article I read this morning in the Los Angeles Times about the fact that despite numerous hate crimes laws on the books , few are being implemented by police , who appear to decline to report obvious hate crimes as such .
i hope so , although i was not heartened by an article i read this morning in the los angeles times about the fact that despite [many] hate crimes laws on the books , few are being implemented by police , who appear to decline to report obvious hate crimes as such .

In fact , if the U.S. economy was in the turlet , as Archie Bunker would say , two years ago , Clinton never would 've made it through his Lewinsky ( and I use her name as just a catchall for all his scandals , which are too numerous to repeat ) travails .
in fact , if the u.s. economy was in the turlet , as archie bunker would say , two years ago , clinton never would 've made it through his lewinsky ( and i use her name as just a catchall for all his scandals , which are too [many] to repeat ) travails .

Libération , the left-leaning Paris daily , said that the Islamic terrorists 1 ) were much more numerous and resilient than the Algerian government would admit and 2 ) had `` inexhaustible reserves bred by hatred , poverty , and the desire for vengeance . ''
libération , the left-leaning paris daily , said that the islamic terrorists 1 ) were much more [many] and resilient than the algerian government would admit and 2 ) had `` inexhaustible reserves bred by hatred , poverty , and the desire for vengeance . ''

In Milan , a front-page editorial in Corriere Della Sera titled `` The Memory of Lady Diana in Ashes '' sought to explain why `` the river of tears has slowed down and the dissenters from the myth have become bolder and more numerous . ''
in milan , a front-page editorial in corriere della sera titled `` the memory of lady diana in ashes '' sought to explain why `` the river of tears has slowed down and the dissenters from the myth have become bolder and more [many] . ''

The president 's member featured as a subject in numerous tasteless cartoons .
the president 's member featured as a subject in [many] tasteless cartoons .

The New York Times lead is a presidential advisory commission 's recommendation of numerous new rights for patients .
the new york times lead is a presidential advisory commission 's recommendation of [many] new rights for patients .

Both the NYT and LAT emphasize that Indonesian president Suharto has received more international attention , in the form of visits from U.S. and IMF delegations and calls from numerous foreign leaders , than he has in years , and that he seems to be responding with a real austerity pledge , including the postponement of several major government investments in the dubious projects of family members .
both the nyt and lat emphasize that indonesian president suharto has received more international attention , in the form of visits from u.s. and imf delegations and calls from [many] foreign leaders , than he has in years , and that he seems to be responding with a real austerity pledge , including the postponement of several major government investments in the dubious projects of family members .

An editorial in the NYT points out that even though these heavier vehicles are only half as numerous as cars , they already produce as much carbon dioxide , and by 2010 if the rules are n't changed , they may produce up to 75 percent of all smog coming from personal vehicles .
an editorial in the nyt points out that even though these heavier vehicles are only half as [many] as cars , they already produce as much carbon dioxide , and by 2010 if the rules are n't changed , they may produce up to 75 percent of all smog coming from personal vehicles .

The gambit is called `` pagejacking , '' and the one used to force the diverted surfer to click through numerous pages at the porn site before escaping is known as `` mousetrapping . ''
the gambit is called `` pagejacking , '' and the one used to force the diverted surfer to click through [many] pages at the porn site before escaping is known as `` mousetrapping . ''

Punditus Interruptus , Week 1 : Robert Novak and Al Hunt were unusually civil to one another in the Dec. 20 edition of Capital Gang , foiling `` Pundit Central '' 's plan to tabulate their numerous interruptions of one another in an attempt to calculate who is the bigger interjector .
punditus interruptus , week 1 : robert novak and al hunt were unusually civil to one another in the dec. 20 edition of capital gang , foiling `` pundit central '' 's plan to tabulate their [many] interruptions of one another in an attempt to calculate who is the bigger interjector .

After missing last week 's Republican presidential forum , Bush made numerous appearances and delivered key policy speeches in the state .
after missing last week 's republican presidential forum , bush made [many] appearances and delivered key policy speeches in the state .

Proof of this is the numerous older women who picked guys who were nice and who are still married !
proof of this is the [many] older women who picked guys who were nice and who are still married !

Numerous blacks have been prosecuted , but only one white person has been -- and she was charged with helping an African-American to vote .
[many] blacks have been prosecuted , but only one white person has been -- and she was charged with helping an african-american to vote .

Kevorkian has helped numerous people without physical illness commit suicide , but compliant journalists have n't reported this .
kevorkian has helped [many] people without physical illness commit suicide , but compliant journalists have n't reported this .

Time 's profile of Trent Lott reaches the same conclusion as numerous earlier profiles of the Senate majority leader : Like Clinton , Lott is a compromiser .
time 's profile of trent lott reaches the same conclusion as [many] earlier profiles of the senate majority leader : like clinton , lott is a compromiser .

Thus far , despite a four-hour meeting with President Clinton and an admission by USDA secretary Dan Glickman that his department had swept the problem under the rug , as well as numerous specific findings of illegal denials of loans , the farmers are still waiting to be made whole .
thus far , despite a four-hour meeting with president clinton and an admission by usda secretary dan glickman that his department had swept the problem under the rug , as well as [many] specific findings of illegal denials of loans , the farmers are still waiting to be made whole .

A NYT front-page story reports that the Japanese cult , Aum Shinrikyo , whose members have been implicated in the twelve-fatality nerve gassing of the Tokyo subway in 1995 , had previously conducted numerous biological warfare attacks in Japan .
a nyt front-page story reports that the japanese cult , aum shinrikyo , whose members have been implicated in the twelve-fatality nerve gassing of the tokyo subway in 1995 , had previously conducted [many] biological warfare attacks in japan .

Such as : Tripp saying Thursday night that she was present late one night when Clinton called Lewinsky , and that she had seen `` numerous gifts '' the two exchanged .
such as : tripp saying thursday night that she was present late one night when clinton called lewinsky , and that she had seen `` [many] gifts '' the two exchanged .

It 's pretty harmless when actor Edward Norton 's character , Alan Isaacman , stands in for the numerous lawyers Flynt hired through his ongoing court battles ( which numbered more than the four the film describes ) .
it 's pretty harmless when actor edward norton 's character , alan isaacman , stands in for the [many] lawyers flynt hired through his ongoing court battles ( which numbered more than the four the film describes ) .

The row of giant black rectangles dominating puny pedestrians walking below ( Wall Street , 1915 ) inspired numerous social interpretations , but to our eyes it might look like an anticipation of obdurate monoliths by artists from Ad Reinhardt to Richard Serra .
the row of giant black rectangles dominating puny pedestrians walking below ( wall street , 1915 ) inspired [many] social interpretations , but to our eyes it might look like an anticipation of obdurate monoliths by artists from ad reinhardt to richard serra .

Selena the movie ticks off the points made in numerous profiles .
selena the movie ticks off the points made in [many] profiles .

His finger-wagging surprised many , especially his numerous left-leaning admirers in the academy .
his finger-wagging surprised many , especially his [many] left-leaning admirers in the academy .

They found numerous cash-stuffed Hefty bags that had been hidden in the basement ceiling -- '' the skim '' -- and five packets of white powder .
they found [many] cash-stuffed hefty bags that had been hidden in the basement ceiling -- '' the skim '' -- and five packets of white powder .

Studio 54 has had numerous reincarnations , but the bloom was permanently off the thing by 1980 .
studio 54 has had [many] reincarnations , but the bloom was permanently off the thing by 1980 .

The Washington Post goes with the D.C. government 's decision to follow the example of numerous other cities by filing a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against the nation 's major handgun manufacturers and distributors .
the washington post goes with the d.c. government 's decision to follow the example of [many] other cities by filing a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against the nation 's major handgun manufacturers and distributors .

The NYT reports that on Wednesday , the Navy announced it was restoring its ties to Tailhook , the private naval aviation booster club whose 1991 convention was the scene of rampant sexual misconduct by numerous naval aviators .
the nyt reports that on wednesday , the navy announced it was restoring its ties to tailhook , the private naval aviation booster club whose 1991 convention was the scene of rampant sexual misconduct by [many] naval aviators .

Numerous studies show that there is no association between music and suicide .
[many] studies show that there is no association between music and suicide .

In numerous studies , they have documented a deep paradox about human relations -- persons get along , but people do n't .
in [many] studies , they have documented a deep paradox about human relations -- persons get along , but people do n't .

A highway interchange , a parking lot filled with cars , a traffic jam , suburban tract housing , an apartment building with numerous satellite dishes , an office with many computer screens , office workers on a busy street , high-rise office buildings , a `` factory farm '' with many chickens , a supermarket aisle , a McDonald 's arch .
a highway interchange , a parking lot filled with cars , a traffic jam , suburban tract housing , an apartment building with [many] satellite dishes , an office with many computer screens , office workers on a busy street , high-rise office buildings , a `` factory farm '' with many chickens , a supermarket aisle , a mcdonald 's arch .

After numerous highly publicized failures , the Pentagon this year successfully tested both its medium-range Theater High-Altitude Area Defense anti-missile and a prototype of the long-range , high-speed Ground-Based Interceptor slated for the Alaska site .
after [many] highly publicized failures , the pentagon this year successfully tested both its medium-range theater high-altitude area defense anti-missile and a prototype of the long-range , high-speed ground-based interceptor slated for the alaska site .

Hirohito said Japan faced `` numerous difficulties '' at the moment , but added : `` As I recall the history of Japan and how in its past so much hardship and distress have been overcome , I firmly believe that the wisdom of each and every Japanese and co-operation from international society will tide us over in fine style . ''
hirohito said japan faced `` [many] difficulties '' at the moment , but added : `` as i recall the history of japan and how in its past so much hardship and distress have been overcome , i firmly believe that the wisdom of each and every japanese and co-operation from international society will tide us over in fine style . ''

Despite these disasters , each involving a team of highly trained scientists focused on a single launch , many public figures , including all the major presidential candidates , persist in believing an anti-missile system will be able to shoot down numerous rockets launched by `` enemies '' too dumb to have the warheads shipped over by UPS .
despite these disasters , each involving a team of highly trained scientists focused on a single launch , many public figures , including all the major presidential candidates , persist in believing an anti-missile system will be able to shoot down [many] rockets launched by `` enemies '' too dumb to have the warheads shipped over by ups .

The homely Louisiana woman ensnared numerous Hollywood men into obsessive telephone affairs during the '80s .
the homely louisiana woman ensnared [many] hollywood men into obsessive telephone affairs during the '80s .

Numerous books target gays for `` recovery , '' including Coming Out of Homosexuality , by Bob Davies , dean of the ex-gay evangelists .
[many] books target gays for `` recovery , '' including coming out of homosexuality , by bob davies , dean of the ex-gay evangelists .

Gay men of the same generation destined to live to old age , even if more numerous , wo n't turn up in the sample .
gay men of the same generation destined to live to old age , even if more [many] , wo n't turn up in the sample .

Numerous other economists -- and even the occasional columnist -- have tried to debunk the myth , but to no avail .
[many] other economists -- and even the occasional columnist -- have tried to debunk the myth , but to no avail .

Her letter to the military newspaper Stars and Stripes , which included a request that `` numerous individuals ask the questions '' about the vaccine 's possible side effects , was viewed by her superiors as a possible incitement to insurrection .
her letter to the military newspaper stars and stripes , which included a request that `` [many] individuals ask the questions '' about the vaccine 's possible side effects , was viewed by her superiors as a possible incitement to insurrection .

The third meeting of the six contenders was described as their `` most spirited , '' with numerous disagreements over campaign finance , abortion , taxes , and ethanol subsidies .
the third meeting of the six contenders was described as their `` most spirited , '' with [many] disagreements over campaign finance , abortion , taxes , and ethanol subsidies .

Man on the Moon does not indicate , for example , that Kaufman came up with the idea for the Saturday Night Live call-in vote , nor that he had numerous chances to nix the whole thing .
man on the moon does not indicate , for example , that kaufman came up with the idea for the saturday night live call-in vote , nor that he had [many] chances to nix the whole thing .

What Vice President Gore might have accurately said was , `` I was the co-author of one of numerous proposals to expand the EITC , though the one I co-sponsored was n't the one that was enacted into law in that period . ''
what vice president gore might have accurately said was , `` i was the co-author of one of [many] proposals to expand the eitc , though the one i co-sponsored was n't the one that was enacted into law in that period . ''

At the conference , they defended their activities against numerous critics : Solidarity leaders denied they made too many compromises ; priests denied they had been co-opted by the party ; and Communists denied they had committed treason .
at the conference , they defended their activities against [many] critics : solidarity leaders denied they made too many compromises ; priests denied they had been co-opted by the party ; and communists denied they had committed treason .

Helms , for example , held up numerous ambassadorial appointments to pressure Clinton to reorganize the State Department .
helms , for example , held up [many] ambassadorial appointments to pressure clinton to reorganize the state department .

Today , Rosencrantz and Guildenstern and the rest of his early work -- The Real Inspector Hound and Jumpers , as well as numerous short plays for stage , television , and radio -- are best appreciated as part of the golden age of English silliness , a moment that produced such indelible monuments of the human spirit as A Hard Day 's Night and Monty Python 's Flying Circus .
today , rosencrantz and guildenstern and the rest of his early work -- the real inspector hound and jumpers , as well as [many] short plays for stage , television , and radio -- are best appreciated as part of the golden age of english silliness , a moment that produced such indelible monuments of the human spirit as a hard day 's night and monty python 's flying circus .

Numerous white dresses are gathered in a group .
[many] white dresses are gathered in a group .

I 'm often asked to contribute to various ( and numerous ) causes .
i 'm often asked to contribute to various ( and [many] ) causes .

After Coia rose to the union presidency in March 1993 , he and his wife had numerous contacts with the Clintons .
after coia rose to the union presidency in march 1993 , he and his wife had [many] contacts with the clintons .

The marriage contract confers numerous rights to a surviving spouse upon the death of the other spouse .
the marriage contract confers [many] rights to a surviving spouse upon the death of the other spouse .

Both UPS and the postal unions are generous donors to political action committees , but since every congressional district contains numerous post offices and politically active postal workers , it is extremely unlikely that Congress will enact radical reforms any time soon .
both ups and the postal unions are generous donors to political action committees , but since every congressional district contains [many] post offices and politically active postal workers , it is extremely unlikely that congress will enact radical reforms any time soon .

This year 's hackathletes are : Malcolm Gladwell of The New Yorker , Michael Specter of the New York Times , Hanna Rosin of the New Republic , and Geoffrey Wheatcroft of British publications too numerous to mention .
this year 's hackathletes are : malcolm gladwell of the new yorker , michael specter of the new york times , hanna rosin of the new republic , and geoffrey wheatcroft of british publications too [many] to mention .

The letter continues : `` Since May , I have been pointing out to you a problem we see with the accuracy and understanding of context revealed in Kit 's reporting , '' going on to assert that `` Seelye has misquoted Dole on numerous occasions and done so in a manner that distorted the accuracy of her assertions and your coverage . ''
the letter continues : `` since may , i have been pointing out to you a problem we see with the accuracy and understanding of context revealed in kit 's reporting , '' going on to assert that `` seelye has misquoted dole on [many] occasions and done so in a manner that distorted the accuracy of her assertions and your coverage . ''

The suits blamed the implants for numerous diseases .
the suits blamed the implants for [many] diseases .

Lip , with its satisfying mouthfeel ( to use the jargon of the food-service industry ) and its still-obvious link to an elemental root ( the Indo-European leb , with the connotation `` '' ) , has formed numerous slang combinations whose meanings touch all the compass points of verbal intention .
lip , with its satisfying mouthfeel ( to use the jargon of the food-service industry ) and its still-obvious link to an elemental root ( the indo-european leb , with the connotation `` '' ) , has formed [many] slang combinations whose meanings touch all the compass points of verbal intention .

In his analysis of such improbably compelling genres as railroad schedules and balance sheets , chemical symbols and weather summaries , Tufte reprinted numerous graphic displays that epitomized the statistical draughtsman 's conceptual art .
in his analysis of such improbably compelling genres as railroad schedules and balance sheets , chemical symbols and weather summaries , tufte reprinted [many] graphic displays that epitomized the statistical draughtsman 's conceptual art .

It 's understandable why this fantasy of flight would take root in black America , which , at numerous moments in its history , has been given reason to fear that conditions in the diaspora can never be improved .
it 's understandable why this fantasy of flight would take root in black america , which , at [many] moments in its history , has been given reason to fear that conditions in the diaspora can never be improved .

The Reagan program provided numerous inducements : not just marginal rate cuts on income but capital-gains tax reductions , a variety of new tax-exempt investment vehicles , vast new opportunities for tax sheltering -- plus the Federal Reserve 's tight money policies which , along with financial deregulation , sent the interest rates available to savers soaring .
the reagan program provided [many] inducements : not just marginal rate cuts on income but capital-gains tax reductions , a variety of new tax-exempt investment vehicles , vast new opportunities for tax sheltering -- plus the federal reserve 's tight money policies which , along with financial deregulation , sent the interest rates available to savers soaring .

Lelyveld says the New York Times decided not to pursue 1993 allegations of numerous simultaneous affairs -- made by four Arkansas state troopers who guarded then-Gov .
lelyveld says the new york times decided not to pursue 1993 allegations of [many] simultaneous affairs -- made by four arkansas state troopers who guarded then-gov .

As the two men sat in Robeson 's bugged hotel room , Feffer gestured emphatically to Robeson and scribbled him notes in a desperate attempt to convey the fact that he and numerous other prominent Jewish cultural figures were going to be executed imminently .
as the two men sat in robeson 's bugged hotel room , feffer gestured emphatically to robeson and scribbled him notes in a desperate attempt to convey the fact that he and [many] other prominent jewish cultural figures were going to be executed imminently .

Since , for instance , whites rarely watch shows with mostly black casts , and since advertisers focus on the more numerous and generally more affluent white viewers , network shows on in prime time with black or even integrated casts have become relatively rare , reversing a trend towards cast integration that was big in the 70s and 80s .
since , for instance , whites rarely watch shows with mostly black casts , and since advertisers focus on the more [many] and generally more affluent white viewers , network shows on in prime time with black or even integrated casts have become relatively rare , reversing a trend towards cast integration that was big in the 70s and 80s .

U.S. intelligence had evidence connecting bin Laden to numerous terrorist plots and had been tracking him with eaves-dropping and picture-taking satellites since 1996 .
u.s. intelligence had evidence connecting bin laden to [many] terrorist plots and had been tracking him with eaves-dropping and picture-taking satellites since 1996 .

A WP Sunday Outlook piece , written by Fidelity Magellan Fund legend Peter Lynch , argues that through nine recessions , a presidential assassination , multiple wars , and numerous political scandals the stock market has increased in value .
a wp sunday outlook piece , written by fidelity magellan fund legend peter lynch , argues that through nine recessions , a presidential assassination , multiple wars , and [many] political scandals the stock market has increased in value .

The WP reports that the Journal story prompted numerous calls to airlines , some of whom have n't decided how to handle the new reg .
the wp reports that the journal story prompted [many] calls to airlines , some of whom have n't decided how to handle the new reg .

The three papers all note that Starr 's justification for including such prurient details was Clinton 's numerous denials of having `` sexual relations '' with Lewinsky according to the legal definition established in the Paula Jones case .
the three papers all note that starr 's justification for including such prurient details was clinton 's [many] denials of having `` sexual relations '' with lewinsky according to the legal definition established in the paula jones case .

Roche Laboratories pulled its heart drug Posicor off the world market Monday because of potentially lethal interactions with numerous other medications .
roche laboratories pulled its heart drug posicor off the world market monday because of potentially lethal interactions with [many] other medications .

The article chronicles numerous U.S. changes-of-story .
the article chronicles [many] u.s. changes-of-story .

Noting that the bill came out of the need for federal legislation to enforce last year 's proposed settlement deal between the cigarette manufacturers and numerous states , the NYT explains that now , the states can be expected to resume pressing their individual multibillion-dollar claims .
noting that the bill came out of the need for federal legislation to enforce last year 's proposed settlement deal between the cigarette manufacturers and [many] states , the nyt explains that now , the states can be expected to resume pressing their individual multibillion-dollar claims .

USA Today leads with the aftermath of the tobacco bill 's defeat : A scaled-down Republican-sponsored House measure that neither raises cigarette prices nor offers tobacco companies legal indemnification but which would take aim at teen smoking by revoking the drivers ' licenses of teenagers caught with tobacco , as well as the determination of numerous state attorneys general to pursue their individual lawsuits .
usa today leads with the aftermath of the tobacco bill 's defeat : a scaled-down republican-sponsored house measure that neither raises cigarette prices nor offers tobacco companies legal indemnification but which would take aim at teen smoking by revoking the drivers ' licenses of teenagers caught with tobacco , as well as the determination of [many] state attorneys general to pursue their individual lawsuits .

The paper also states that there are hints from the new leadership of the imminent release of many of the country 's numerous political prisoners .
the paper also states that there are hints from the new leadership of the imminent release of many of the country 's [many] political prisoners .

The LAT puts another nail in the coffin of the image of Swiss purity during World War II with word of a new report from the Simon Wiesenthal Center describing how in numerous secret meetings with members of a Swiss anti-Semitic group , the wartime Swiss minister for justice and police promised that he would stop most Jews from entering the country .
the lat puts another nail in the coffin of the image of swiss purity during world war ii with word of a new report from the simon wiesenthal center describing how in [many] secret meetings with members of a swiss anti-semitic group , the wartime swiss minister for justice and police promised that he would stop most jews from entering the country .

The Washington Post goes with Big Tobacco 's negotiations with numerous states in an attempt to settle their claims , which remain in the wake of Congress ' failure to pass comprehensive tobacco legislation .
the washington post goes with big tobacco 's negotiations with [many] states in an attempt to settle their claims , which remain in the wake of congress ' failure to pass comprehensive tobacco legislation .

In every field , women too numerous to list were involved in developing knowledge and contributing to the welfare of their societies as they did so : the Roman Fabiola established a hospital where she worked both as nurse and doctor , becoming the first known woman surgeon before she died in AD 399 .
in every field , women too [many] to list were involved in developing knowledge and contributing to the welfare of their societies as they did so : the roman fabiola established a hospital where she worked both as nurse and doctor , becoming the first known woman surgeon before she died in ad 399 .

I am sure I am not the first to point out Joseph Hynes 's , “ Do Mistake—Learn Better , ” [ XV,1 ] mistakes in Japanizing English words , e.g. , sei fu not “ safe-o , ” nain not “ nine-o. ” The possibilities for representing English with a language of only forty-seven syllables are not that numerous , and the rules are very consistent .
i am sure i am not the first to point out joseph hynes 's , “ do mistake—learn better , ” [ xv,1 ] mistakes in japanizing english words , e.g. , sei fu not “ safe-o , ” nain not “ nine-o. ” the possibilities for representing english with a language of only forty-seven syllables are not that [many] , and the rules are very consistent .

Members of the Kenyon family are so numerous in Rhode Island that one of them commented , If you lift up a stone in Hope Valley , Kenyons will go scuttering off in all directions .
members of the kenyon family are so [many] in rhode island that one of them commented , if you lift up a stone in hope valley , kenyons will go scuttering off in all directions .

Two years on and the same daily paper : The Independent 's arts pages in May 1992 yielded the following ( among numerous others ) over a period of three days :
two years on and the same daily paper : the independent 's arts pages in may 1992 yielded the following ( among [many] others ) over a period of three days :

There followed numerous recyclings of this sentence with an intertextual reference that was less and less to the Fry play and more and more to the occasion of the conference speech .
there followed [many] recyclings of this sentence with an intertextual reference that was less and less to the fry play and more and more to the occasion of the conference speech .

In the preface to the first volume of that great dictionary , Murray thanked Hall expansively for his voluntary and gratuitous service : Those who are familiar with the pages of his Modern English , his English Adjectives in -able [ 1877 ] , and his numerous articles and papers on special points of English , know with what an amazing wealth of evidence the author illustrates the history of every word , idiom , or grammatical usage , upon which he touches .
in the preface to the first volume of that great dictionary , murray thanked hall expansively for his voluntary and gratuitous service : those who are familiar with the pages of his modern english , his english adjectives in -able [ 1877 ] , and his [many] articles and papers on special points of english , know with what an amazing wealth of evidence the author illustrates the history of every word , idiom , or grammatical usage , upon which he touches .

Of the first Philip Gidley King wrote in 1794 : The Mount Pit Birds are as Numerous as ever , Notwithstanding upwards of Two Hundred thousand have been killed Yearly .
of the first philip gidley king wrote in 1794 : the mount pit birds are as [many] as ever , notwithstanding upwards of two hundred thousand have been killed yearly .

His works include the operas Peter Grimes ( 1945 ) and Billy Budd ( 1951 ) , the choral works Hymn to St Cecilia ( 1942 ) and A War Requiem ( 1962 ) , and numerous orchestral pieces .
his works include the operas peter grimes ( 1945 ) and billy budd ( 1951 ) , the choral works hymn to st cecilia ( 1942 ) and a war requiem ( 1962 ) , and [many] orchestral pieces .

Colloquial Hebrew is excessively economical , and its shortcuts have been further abbreviated by the numerous acronyms used throughout the armed forces .
colloquial hebrew is excessively economical , and its shortcuts have been further abbreviated by the [many] acronyms used throughout the armed forces .

In the course of his treatment of these topics , the author provides a wealth of information that answers numerous questions ( and confronts many of the prejudices ) that many people have about language :
in the course of his treatment of these topics , the author provides a wealth of information that answers [many] questions ( and confronts many of the prejudices ) that many people have about language :

It was created to meet an urgent need for a common language between those using the European-derived Afrikaans , English , German , or Portuguese on the one hand and , on the other , the speakers of the numerous African tongues from the Angoni in Malawi to the Zulus in Natal , all of whom worked together in the diamond diggings , gold mines , and farms of the whole of southern Africa , including Mozambique and what are now Namibia , Botswana , and Zimbabwe .
it was created to meet an urgent need for a common language between those using the european-derived afrikaans , english , german , or portuguese on the one hand and , on the other , the speakers of the [many] african tongues from the angoni in malawi to the zulus in natal , all of whom worked together in the diamond diggings , gold mines , and farms of the whole of southern africa , including mozambique and what are now namibia , botswana , and zimbabwe .

In the same war those night fighter pilots who , because they could see well in near-darkness , shot down numerous enemy aircraft were said to be cat-eyed .
in the same war those night fighter pilots who , because they could see well in near-darkness , shot down [many] enemy aircraft were said to be cat-eyed .

Ironically , although cats are reputed to dislike water and getting wet , there are numerous words using cat for nautical and maritime items .
ironically , although cats are reputed to dislike water and getting wet , there are [many] words using cat for nautical and maritime items .

It ill behooves us to criticize its emptiness , for we all utter Good morning , Good afternoon , Goodby , How are you ? , Hello , and numerous other salutational and valedictory remarks in the course of the day .
it ill behooves us to criticize its emptiness , for we all utter good morning , good afternoon , goodby , how are you ? , hello , and [many] other salutational and valedictory remarks in the course of the day .

By far the most numerous group of terms is that which contains words only with a localized meaning .
by far the most [many] group of terms is that which contains words only with a localized meaning .

The more positive side of language and culture contact does show up , however , in the numerous terms for food and drink , entertainment , the landscape , terms of endearment , forms of address , and words of approval .
the more positive side of language and culture contact does show up , however , in the [many] terms for food and drink , entertainment , the landscape , terms of endearment , forms of address , and words of approval .

The citations they give afford a clue to the real status of this and numerous other items in DOSAE : This wall chart , attractive ... and tweetalig nogal [ bilingual , what 's more ] , is to be distributed to all hospitals ... . and Four years in the charge office as a fraud detective .
the citations they give afford a clue to the real status of this and [many] other items in dosae : this wall chart , attractive ... and tweetalig nogal [ bilingual , what 's more ] , is to be distributed to all hospitals ... . and four years in the charge office as a fraud detective .

As we have observed in these pages on numerous occasions , the professional linguist 's avowed position with regard to usage is similar to that of a medical doctor 's in relation to a patient : both are charged with the responsibility of observing the phenomena they encounter without expressing qualitative opinions about them .
as we have observed in these pages on [many] occasions , the professional linguist 's avowed position with regard to usage is similar to that of a medical doctor 's in relation to a patient : both are charged with the responsibility of observing the phenomena they encounter without expressing qualitative opinions about them .

A quick thumb-through of the text reveals a neat layout , punctuated here and there by catalogue-or Dunden-type illustrations ( as at containers , cooking , coverings , and scores of other entries ) , vignetted collections of nonlexical information ( e.g. , PORTUGUESE FALSE FRIENDS , PRONUNCIATION OF WORDS WITH -OUGH , NATIONS AND NATIONALITIES , salutations and closing of business letters , HOMOPHONES AND HOMOGRAPHS , separate items on the marks of punctuation , grammatical constructions , and numerous other miscellaneous matters often confined to grammars , style books , and other works ) .
a quick thumb-through of the text reveals a neat layout , punctuated here and there by catalogue-or dunden-type illustrations ( as at containers , cooking , coverings , and scores of other entries ) , vignetted collections of nonlexical information ( e.g. , portuguese false friends , pronunciation of words with -ough , nations and nationalities , salutations and closing of business letters , homophones and homographs , separate items on the marks of punctuation , grammatical constructions , and [many] other miscellaneous matters often confined to grammars , style books , and other works ) .

It is a pity the English language does not come equipped with a user 's guide , for this would surely put an end to the numerous impossible clangers made in everyday speech .
it is a pity the english language does not come equipped with a user 's guide , for this would surely put an end to the [many] impossible clangers made in everyday speech .

The looking-glass image of utopia -- dystopia -- has provided more numerous additions to the English lexicon .
the looking-glass image of utopia -- dystopia -- has provided more [many] additions to the english lexicon .

The second explanation is possible , though numerous Spanish words end in a consonant and I do n't know how the two explanations could be verified .
the second explanation is possible , though [many] spanish words end in a consonant and i do n't know how the two explanations could be verified .

The Great South Land was to prove extraordinarily rich in new species , some of which , like the kangaroo , had an irresistible novelty about them ; at the same time they were as numerous as sheep in England and as useful to man .
the great south land was to prove extraordinarily rich in new species , some of which , like the kangaroo , had an irresistible novelty about them ; at the same time they were as [many] as sheep in england and as useful to man .

While their manifestations undoubtedly appear in the snatches of telephone and flatmate conversations recorded in the numerous corpora cited in the Appendix to the Grammar , their exposure is virtually asymptotic to zero .
while their manifestations undoubtedly appear in the snatches of telephone and flatmate conversations recorded in the [many] corpora cited in the appendix to the grammar , their exposure is virtually asymptotic to zero .

Benedicto Cuesta among others , is that the range took its name from penitente chapels or shrines in its foothills consecrated to the Redeeming Blood of Christ at a time when in the Spanish empire such chapels were so numerous that Blood of Christ was practically synonymous with chapel .
benedicto cuesta among others , is that the range took its name from penitente chapels or shrines in its foothills consecrated to the redeeming blood of christ at a time when in the spanish empire such chapels were so [many] that blood of christ was practically synonymous with chapel .

There are numerous expressions based on famous names that celebrate the well-known traits of the people in question ; here is a fairly short list :
there are [many] expressions based on famous names that celebrate the well-known traits of the people in question ; here is a fairly short list :

It has developed and sustained a public role for itself , as its numerous correspondents will testify .
it has developed and sustained a public role for itself , as its [many] correspondents will testify .

The phrase a number of is one of several that are commonly used , at least in American English , with reference to indefinite numbers , each of which has a slightly different significance : a few , several , a great many , numerous , etc .
the phrase a number of is one of several that are commonly used , at least in american english , with reference to indefinite numbers , each of which has a slightly different significance : a few , several , a great many , [many] , etc .

There are many things about modern life -- air conditioning ( in particular ) , electricity , indoor plumbing , supermarkets -- that make me grateful to be living in the latter half of the 20th century and not back in the antediluvian or “ good old ” days so often pined for , and one of them is the knowledge ( gained from the Introduction ) that American newspapers and magazines published numerous short lists of wellerisms during the 19th century .
there are many things about modern life -- air conditioning ( in particular ) , electricity , indoor plumbing , supermarkets -- that make me grateful to be living in the latter half of the 20th century and not back in the antediluvian or “ good old ” days so often pined for , and one of them is the knowledge ( gained from the introduction ) that american newspapers and magazines published [many] short lists of wellerisms during the 19th century .

Again , numerous other examples could be cited .
again , [many] other examples could be cited .

Indeed we do not seem to be able to get away from numerous abbreviations and acronyms every day of our lives because newspapers , magazines , and TV newscasts love to come up with new and innovative ones .
indeed we do not seem to be able to get away from [many] abbreviations and acronyms every day of our lives because newspapers , magazines , and tv newscasts love to come up with new and innovative ones .

On the other hand , the common terms morphinomane and toxicomane ( note spellings ) not only “ merit official use ” but have been in the language for quite some time ( ca 1900 and 1920 respectively ) , as have numerous other nouns -- e.g .
on the other hand , the common terms morphinomane and toxicomane ( note spellings ) not only “ merit official use ” but have been in the language for quite some time ( ca 1900 and 1920 respectively ) , as have [many] other nouns -- e.g .

There are numerous Biblical names as well : Paradise , Jordan River , West Jordan , Goshen , Ephraim , Zion National Park , Joseph , Mount Carmel , and Moab , as well as places named after early leaders and settlers Brigham City , Grantsville , Heber City and others .
there are [many] biblical names as well : paradise , jordan river , west jordan , goshen , ephraim , zion national park , joseph , mount carmel , and moab , as well as places named after early leaders and settlers brigham city , grantsville , heber city and others .

Thus , numerous trans-alphabetic glossaries—Greek-Latin , LatinGreek , Hebrew-Latin , Arabic-Coptic , and ArabicGreek—once thought to be schoolboys ' exercises , are probably elementary aids for tourists , pilgrims , and businessmen .
thus , [many] trans-alphabetic glossaries—greek-latin , latingreek , hebrew-latin , arabic-coptic , and arabicgreek—once thought to be schoolboys ' exercises , are probably elementary aids for tourists , pilgrims , and businessmen .

When I missed a good alternative guess at the origin of cold turkey referring to a drug addict who quits abruptly , I received numerous letters from would-be etymologists correcting me .
when i missed a good alternative guess at the origin of cold turkey referring to a drug addict who quits abruptly , i received [many] letters from would-be etymologists correcting me .

A feature unique to DARE is its inclusion in the text of the dictionary of numerous maps that show where words were found in the 1,002 communities investigated during the fieldwork .
a feature unique to dare is its inclusion in the text of the dictionary of [many] maps that show where words were found in the 1,002 communities investigated during the fieldwork .

Our funding has come primarily from grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities , matched by gifts from numerous foundations and individuals .
our funding has come primarily from grants from the national endowment for the humanities , matched by gifts from [many] foundations and individuals .

Writing a book entirely about the word fuck , aside from being a good way to guarantee cocktail-party chatter , exposes one to numerous criticisms .
writing a book entirely about the word fuck , aside from being a good way to guarantee cocktail-party chatter , exposes one to [many] criticisms .

Fucktruck a van or car in which people engage in sexual activity had been mentioned in the introduction as being Australian ( where it has been used since the 1960s ) , a statement rejected by numerous correspondents who testified to their activities in thusly named vehicles in the U.S. of A. ; two people noted that the word was also used for a bus on which one can meet prospective sexual partners ( both , curiously , referring to a shuttle between Wellesley College and the Harvard and M.I.T .
fucktruck a van or car in which people engage in sexual activity had been mentioned in the introduction as being australian ( where it has been used since the 1960s ) , a statement rejected by [many] correspondents who testified to their activities in thusly named vehicles in the u.s. of a. ; two people noted that the word was also used for a bus on which one can meet prospective sexual partners ( both , curiously , referring to a shuttle between wellesley college and the harvard and m.i.t .

Not only the meanings of words and the meanings of sentences , as most linguists define sentence meanings , but also the appropriateness of the uses of sentences , the functions carried out by sentences , and numerous other facets of what we call “ meaning ” have been proposed as part of the native speaker 's linguistic knowledge ... . [ W ] e ... note that adopting this view ... ultimately may be equivalent to Bloomfield 's view that no aspects of meaning belong in grammar .
not only the meanings of words and the meanings of sentences , as most linguists define sentence meanings , but also the appropriateness of the uses of sentences , the functions carried out by sentences , and [many] other facets of what we call “ meaning ” have been proposed as part of the native speaker 's linguistic knowledge ... . [ w ] e ... note that adopting this view ... ultimately may be equivalent to bloomfield 's view that no aspects of meaning belong in grammar .

As I have observed on numerous occasions in the past , dictionaries are rarely consulted by those who need them the most .
as i have observed on [many] occasions in the past , dictionaries are rarely consulted by those who need them the most .

As I have said on numerous occasions , books that inform are of no use to people who think that they know it all , for it never occurs to them to look up the standard American spelling of words like programed , programing , and programer .
as i have said on [many] occasions , books that inform are of no use to people who think that they know it all , for it never occurs to them to look up the standard american spelling of words like programed , programing , and programer .

There seem to me to be numerous explanations for these phenomena .
there seem to me to be [many] explanations for these phenomena .

Most numerous and engaging by far were the novel ( to me ) uses of the ubiquitous , all purpose Anglo-American word fxxx .
most [many] and engaging by far were the novel ( to me ) uses of the ubiquitous , all purpose anglo-american word fxxx .

More numerous are those transformed by first-syllable stress from verbs to nouns or , less commonly , to adjectives .
more [many] are those transformed by first-syllable stress from verbs to nouns or , less commonly , to adjectives .

Numerous Thai expressions use jai , e.g. , khaojai , ` to understand , ' literally ` to enter the heart . ' ]
[many] thai expressions use jai , e.g. , khaojai , ` to understand , ' literally ` to enter the heart . ' ]

Some areas of lexical density reflect the social structure of all-male prisons : most of the terms for women are pejorative , there are numerous terms for heterosexual sex , and an abundance of terms for the penis .
some areas of lexical density reflect the social structure of all-male prisons : most of the terms for women are pejorative , there are [many] terms for heterosexual sex , and an abundance of terms for the penis .

Mrs. Feinsilver has an interesting article in this volume , too , “ Comment on Aman 's ` A Yiddish Minnie-Legend ' and the Romanization of Yiddish. ” Other articles include “ Is George Bush a Wimp ? , ” “ The Moving Spray Can ” ( on graffiti in England ) , “ On the Pronunciation of Cunnilingus in Dictionaries , ” and numerous others on a wide variety of subjects ; these are interspersed with short bits and pieces , cartoons , and asides generally attributed to “ Folklore ” and , presumably , gathered by the editor .
mrs. feinsilver has an interesting article in this volume , too , “ comment on aman 's ` a yiddish minnie-legend ' and the romanization of yiddish. ” other articles include “ is george bush a wimp ? , ” “ the moving spray can ” ( on graffiti in england ) , “ on the pronunciation of cunnilingus in dictionaries , ” and [many] others on a wide variety of subjects ; these are interspersed with short bits and pieces , cartoons , and asides generally attributed to “ folklore ” and , presumably , gathered by the editor .

Creating “ fact ” merely by repeating error is particularly frequent when it comes to Yiddish and English : numerous times we read , without supporting proof , that English words like copacetic , derma ( the food ) , kibosh ( as in put the kibosh on ) , Cockamamie , gazump , gnof or ( older English ) gnoffe , guy ( the person , not the rope ) , and shyster are from Yiddish .
creating “ fact ” merely by repeating error is particularly frequent when it comes to yiddish and english : [many] times we read , without supporting proof , that english words like copacetic , derma ( the food ) , kibosh ( as in put the kibosh on ) , cockamamie , gazump , gnof or ( older english ) gnoffe , guy ( the person , not the rope ) , and shyster are from yiddish .

For the sake of convenience , writing is divided into fiction and nonfiction , with subdivisions of each , too numerous to list here .
for the sake of convenience , writing is divided into fiction and nonfiction , with subdivisions of each , too [many] to list here .

