`` You see , first of all and in a sense as the source of all other ills , the unshakeable American commitment to the principle of unconditional surrender : The tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited objectives in the way of changes in a given status quo , but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil , with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power , no matter what disadvantages or complications this might involve for the more distant future '' .
`` you see , first of all and in a sense as the source of all other ills , the unshakeable american commitment to the principle of unconditional surrender : the tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited [aims/goals] in the way of changes in a given status quo , but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil , with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power , no matter what disadvantages or complications this might involve for the more distant future '' .

You must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organization are ; ;
you must know before you start what the needs and [aims/goals] of your organization are ; ;

The matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account .
the matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art [aims/goals] also must be taken into account .

How long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? ?
how long has it been since you reviewed the [aims/goals] of your benefit and service program ? ?

Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? ?
have you set specific [aims/goals] for your employee publication ? ?

The second step is to recognize the substantial agreement -- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already existing between Catholics and Non-Catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning .
the second step is to recognize the substantial agreement -- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already existing between catholics and non-catholics concerning the over-all [aims/goals] of family planning .

Catholics , Protestants and Jews are in agreement over the objectives of family planning , but disagree over the methods to be used .
catholics , protestants and jews are in agreement over the [aims/goals] of family planning , but disagree over the methods to be used .

Patiently , he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives .
patiently , he explained what he knew about their course and their [aims/goals] .

It may be , of course , that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism ; ;
it may be , of course , that such [aims/goals] can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow communism ; ;

Time perspective -- the ability to plan for the future and to postpone gratifying immediate wants in order to achieve long-range objectives -- is more easily developed if , from infancy on , the individual has been able to rely on and trust people and the world in which she lives .
time perspective -- the ability to plan for the future and to postpone gratifying immediate wants in order to achieve long-range [aims/goals] -- is more easily developed if , from infancy on , the individual has been able to rely on and trust people and the world in which she lives .

And both in their objectives of non-discrimination and of social progress they have had ranged against them the Southerners who are called Bourbons .
and both in their [aims/goals] of non-discrimination and of social progress they have had ranged against them the southerners who are called bourbons .

It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 .
it will be shown that the [aims/goals] of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in table 1 .

The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war .
the networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in [aims/goals] but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war .

As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength .
as a nation we can successfully pursue these [aims/goals] only from a position of broadly based strength .

The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups .
the decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the [aims/goals] pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups .

Here we may observe that at least one modern philosophy of history is built on the assumption that ideas are the primary objectives of the historian's research .
here we may observe that at least one modern philosophy of history is built on the assumption that ideas are the primary [aims/goals] of the historian's research .

But , so far as its territorial objectives were concerned , the campaign was successful .
but , so far as its territorial [aims/goals] were concerned , the campaign was successful .

First , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs .
first , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of [aims/goals] and the assessment of costs .

Third , we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources .
third , we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's [aims/goals] and resources .

As the result of an exhaustive review of the recommendations contained in this report , plus an analysis of our own enabling act , the Planning Division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a reorientation of its work program .
as the result of an exhaustive review of the recommendations contained in this report , plus an analysis of our own enabling act , the planning division developed a number of basic planning [aims/goals] which caused a reorientation of its work program .

These objectives are stated here because of their importance in understanding the current activities of the Planning Division .
these [aims/goals] are stated here because of their importance in understanding the current activities of the planning division .

The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission , the Department of Health , Education , and Welfare , the Department of State , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act .
the fullest cooperation by and with atomic energy commission , the department of health , education , and welfare , the department of state , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the [aims/goals] of this act .

and ( C ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States .
and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this act : provided , that funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the secretary of state to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy [aims/goals] of the united states , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the united states : and provided further , that every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the united states for the use of the united states throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the united states .

Coordination of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses .
coordination of pest control [aims/goals] with timber management activities to reduce losses .

If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces .
if the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and [aims/goals] must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces .

These strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives .
these strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security [aims/goals] .

The rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the Nation .
the rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on [aims/goals] which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the nation .

Our objectives , as we have stated many times , are -- ( 1 )
our [aims/goals] , as we have stated many times , are -- ( 1 )

Since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number , these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized , and to the extent that each is realized , there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others .
since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number , these [aims/goals] are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized , and to the extent that each is realized , there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others .

the other objectives were subordinated to it .
the other [aims/goals] were subordinated to it .

In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible .
in the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two [aims/goals] -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible .

Just as the entire faculty should know the president's educational philosophy and objectives , so should non-academic officers .
just as the entire faculty should know the president's educational philosophy and [aims/goals] , so should non-academic officers .

This may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives .
this may be of overriding importance in considering military [aims/goals] .

These countries must formulate a comprehensive , long-term program covering the objectives of both the private and the public sectors of the economy .
these countries must formulate a comprehensive , long-term program covering the [aims/goals] of both the private and the public sectors of the economy .

While expensive in time and involving a great deal of adaptation on the part of the worker ( in terms of his willingness to leave the sanctity of his office and enter actively into the client's life ) , techniques of accompaniment were found to be of tremendous value when in the service of specific preventive objectives .
while expensive in time and involving a great deal of adaptation on the part of the worker ( in terms of his willingness to leave the sanctity of his office and enter actively into the client's life ) , techniques of accompaniment were found to be of tremendous value when in the service of specific preventive [aims/goals] .

These changes represent , in effect , a shift from ( 1 ) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling census of the whole African population .
these changes represent , in effect , a shift from ( 1 ) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic [aims/goals] to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling census of the whole african population .

What with traders trading for so many different objectives , and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use , and more coming into use all the time , it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough `` fans '' to invalidate itself .
what with traders trading for so many different [aims/goals] , and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use , and more coming into use all the time , it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough `` fans '' to invalidate itself .

The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption .
the basic [aims/goals] in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption .

results vary with types of food , storage conditions , and objectives of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 Mrads but up to about 0.8 Aj .
results vary with types of food , storage conditions , and [aims/goals] of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 mrads but up to about 0.8 aj .

By working with these communities Oxfam hope to achieve two objectives .
by working with these communities oxfam hope to achieve two [aims/goals] .

Ms Lamont , who will take over as chairwoman in March , will set out in a speech to the group its objectives for the 1990s and urge female supporters to continue the fight to shape the party 's agenda to reflect their concerns .
ms lamont , who will take over as chairwoman in march , will set out in a speech to the group its [aims/goals] for the 1990s and urge female supporters to continue the fight to shape the party 's agenda to reflect their concerns .

The 7,500-strong European-led force in Bosnia-Herzegovina already has a wide mandate to use force if anyone impedes its troops from achieving their objectives .
the 7,500-strong european-led force in bosnia-herzegovina already has a wide mandate to use force if anyone impedes its troops from achieving their [aims/goals] .

Mr Smidovitch would not elaborate on the objectives of the visit or why it was mounted so suddenly .
mr smidovitch would not elaborate on the [aims/goals] of the visit or why it was mounted so suddenly .

One of his main political objectives was to negotiate a constitutional settlement which would satisfy both the people of the French-speaking province of Quebec and the rest of Canada .
one of his main political [aims/goals] was to negotiate a constitutional settlement which would satisfy both the people of the french-speaking province of quebec and the rest of canada .

Logically there are three alternative objectives for controlling traffic in any specific zone . These are :
logically there are three alternative [aims/goals] for controlling traffic in any specific zone . these are :

Its submission asserted that its marketing objectives had been met .
its submission asserted that its marketing [aims/goals] had been met .

There are about 1,400 unit trusts , so how do you choose ? Of course virtually all share one of three objectives — maximum capital growth with little immediate income , a high immediate income with capital growth secondary , or a balance between the two .
there are about 1,400 unit trusts , so how do you choose ? of course virtually all share one of three [aims/goals] — maximum capital growth with little immediate income , a high immediate income with capital growth secondary , or a balance between the two .

The charter 's real test is its ability to deliver its objectives and redress any failures .
the charter 's real test is its ability to deliver its [aims/goals] and redress any failures .

The borough council 's new administration agreed 12 new objectives last summer designed to improve the quality of services and ensure they were in line with what residents wanted .
the borough council 's new administration agreed 12 new [aims/goals] last summer designed to improve the quality of services and ensure they were in line with what residents wanted .

Officers say progress has been made with many of the objectives , and initiatives on surveying public opinion and other upgrading will be researched and developed this year .
officers say progress has been made with many of the [aims/goals] , and initiatives on surveying public opinion and other upgrading will be researched and developed this year .

The basic divide is over whether the future management objectives can be achieved on a voluntary basis , as at present , or whether they should be taken on by a powerful national park authority , with separate funding and planning powers .
the basic divide is over whether the future management [aims/goals] can be achieved on a voluntary basis , as at present , or whether they should be taken on by a powerful national park authority , with separate funding and planning powers .

Now you admit that all your fundamental objectives and ambitions which flowed from such a strategy are themselves unrealisable , certainly over the course of this parliament .
now you admit that all your fundamental [aims/goals] and ambitions which flowed from such a strategy are themselves unrealisable , certainly over the course of this parliament .

The council , which runs a fleet of 3,000 vehicles , heats more than 1,000 buildings and has one of the largest purchasing budgets in the country , has laid down objectives on reducing energy consumption and waste and using recycled materials wherever appropriate .
the council , which runs a fleet of 3,000 vehicles , heats more than 1,000 buildings and has one of the largest purchasing budgets in the country , has laid down [aims/goals] on reducing energy consumption and waste and using recycled materials wherever appropriate .

He told the Commons his programme for the future of the service included creating ‘ more powerful and business-like ’ police authorities ; giving chief constables greater freedom in deciding how to spend their money ; and setting national objectives and performance standards .
he told the commons his programme for the future of the service included creating ‘ more powerful and business-like ’ police authorities ; giving chief constables greater freedom in deciding how to spend their money ; and setting national [aims/goals] and performance standards .

He told the Commons his programme for the future of the service included creating ‘ more powerful and business-like ’ police authorities ; giving chief constables greater freedom in deciding how to spend their money ; and setting national objectives and performance standards .
he told the commons his programme for the future of the service included creating ‘ more powerful and business-like ’ police authorities ; giving chief constables greater freedom in deciding how to spend their money ; and setting national [aims/goals] and performance standards .

Mr Lang — who is coming into line with a decision already made by the Department of the Environment , for England and Wales — said that consultation on the proposed registers had shown they would not achieve their environmental objectives .
mr lang — who is coming into line with a decision already made by the department of the environment , for england and wales — said that consultation on the proposed registers had shown they would not achieve their environmental [aims/goals] .

Sales promotion is typical of this in that it need not cost a lot of money and its success can be clearly evaluated in terms of turnover and profit objectives .
sales promotion is typical of this in that it need not cost a lot of money and its success can be clearly evaluated in terms of turnover and profit [aims/goals] .

The desire was to learn a lesson from the past and put something together with limited objectives .
the desire was to learn a lesson from the past and put something together with limited [aims/goals] .

He said the Budget had two objectives in that respect : to support the recovery in the year ahead ; and to set out a clear medium-term strategy for bringing the borrowing requirement back towards balance .
he said the budget had two [aims/goals] in that respect : to support the recovery in the year ahead ; and to set out a clear medium-term strategy for bringing the borrowing requirement back towards balance .

In a new policy statement the commission chairman , Sir John Johnson , said : ‘ Objectives must be set and the best means to pursue them chosen .
in a new policy statement the commission chairman , sir john johnson , said : ‘ [aims/goals] must be set and the best means to pursue them chosen .

One way out of those extremes — and all points in between — is to ensure an annual assessment of objectives , particularly at this time in the year with the Budget just past .
one way out of those extremes — and all points in between — is to ensure an annual assessment of [aims/goals] , particularly at this time in the year with the budget just past .

It claims it is impossible to get maximum returns for timber when trying to meet other objectives .
it claims it is impossible to get maximum returns for timber when trying to meet other [aims/goals] .

What happens in practice is that the overall system forecasts which timber is available for harvesting , but local managers adapt those forecasts to help meet other objectives .
what happens in practice is that the overall system forecasts which timber is available for harvesting , but local managers adapt those forecasts to help meet other [aims/goals] .

The charter 's real test is its ability to deliver its objectives and redress any failures .
the charter 's real test is its ability to deliver its [aims/goals] and redress any failures .

‘ Only a great deal of luck has enabled us to complete our main objectives and get out — just — before the portcullis of the oncoming Antarctic winter cut us off . ’
‘ only a great deal of luck has enabled us to complete our main [aims/goals] and get out — just — before the portcullis of the oncoming antarctic winter cut us off . ’

Leaving aside the imagery , he maintained : ‘ We have set our objectives for this season 's championship as two wins out of four and that remains the realistic target .
leaving aside the imagery , he maintained : ‘ we have set our [aims/goals] for this season 's championship as two wins out of four and that remains the realistic target .

‘ Our aim is to stay on course to meet our objectives , continue to learn and see if we can steal another victory . ’
‘ our aim is to stay on course to meet our [aims/goals] , continue to learn and see if we can steal another victory . ’

Labour 's objectives in education and training are ambitious : we want a skills revolution in Britain .
labour 's [aims/goals] in education and training are ambitious : we want a skills revolution in britain .

The right of employers and employees to be aware of clear objectives and detailed targets for training performance .
the right of employers and employees to be aware of clear [aims/goals] and detailed targets for training performance .

Unless the objectives outlined in the first year of the Medau Society 's Development Plan are achieved only applications for support to specific projects in line with the Council 's strategy would be considered in future .
unless the [aims/goals] outlined in the first year of the medau society 's development plan are achieved only applications for support to specific projects in line with the council 's strategy would be considered in future .

Starting with the Key Purpose which will state the aim of the job , a number of Key Roles will then identify what is to be achieved ( objectives ) , and a number of Units will provide the methods of deciding how each Role can be implemented .
starting with the key purpose which will state the aim of the job , a number of key roles will then identify what is to be achieved ( [aims/goals] ) , and a number of units will provide the methods of deciding how each role can be implemented .

Institutional fund managers , including those responsible for venture funds , are increasingly pressurised to perform against their competition , and this has resulted in more regular reports on funds , greater investment in buy-outs with fast exits and therefore short-term profits , and performance targets for businesses that may lead to short-term objectives .
institutional fund managers , including those responsible for venture funds , are increasingly pressurised to perform against their competition , and this has resulted in more regular reports on funds , greater investment in buy-outs with fast exits and therefore short-term profits , and performance targets for businesses that may lead to short-term [aims/goals] .

Specific policy objectives are set by the government , and put into action by the bank , although the Bank has an important role as adviser to the government on monetary policy matters .
specific policy [aims/goals] are set by the government , and put into action by the bank , although the bank has an important role as adviser to the government on monetary policy matters .

Weaver shows , for example , that a certain peculiar kind of process is occurring when public enterprise objectives are being determined .
weaver shows , for example , that a certain peculiar kind of process is occurring when public enterprise [aims/goals] are being determined .

The nature of the state affects the way enterprises are controlled and their objectives are set .
the nature of the state affects the way enterprises are controlled and their [aims/goals] are set .

Chapter 3 examines in detail the characteristic logic of state enterprises and argues that the relationship of these enterprises to the state is marked by conflicting and changeable political objectives and an oscillation between pressures tor political control and enterprise autonomy .
chapter 3 examines in detail the characteristic logic of state enterprises and argues that the relationship of these enterprises to the state is marked by conflicting and changeable political [aims/goals] and an oscillation between pressures tor political control and enterprise autonomy .

In order to retain political support , management has to address the preoccupations and objectives of the government as well as pursuing an internal managerial rationale .
in order to retain political support , management has to address the preoccupations and [aims/goals] of the government as well as pursuing an internal managerial rationale .

Chapter 3 examines the place of public enterprises within the state , the nature of their objectives , the logic of their functioning , including their patterns of industrial relations , and the dynamic of their development over time .
chapter 3 examines the place of public enterprises within the state , the nature of their [aims/goals] , the logic of their functioning , including their patterns of industrial relations , and the dynamic of their development over time .

Their areas of activity are defined by politicians , they are given objectives , constraints are imposed on them , their performance is monitored .
their areas of activity are defined by politicians , they are given [aims/goals] , constraints are imposed on them , their performance is monitored .

The Political Definition of Public Enterprise Objectives
the political definition of public enterprise [aims/goals]

The objectives of public enterprises mirror the complexity of the role of the state as a whole .
the [aims/goals] of public enterprises mirror the complexity of the role of the state as a whole .

As the discussion of the previous chapter would suggest , their objectives do not arise ready made in response to some supposed ‘ needs ’ of the accumulation process ; they emerge out of the complex interplay within the state of organized political interests .
as the discussion of the previous chapter would suggest , their [aims/goals] do not arise ready made in response to some supposed ‘ needs ’ of the accumulation process ; they emerge out of the complex interplay within the state of organized political interests .

This multiplicity of objectives , and the way in which they are defined through the political process and change in response to changing political priorities , distinguishes state enterprises from private firms . The position is neatly summarized by a former chairman of the British Railways Board , Lord Beeching :
this multiplicity of [aims/goals] , and the way in which they are defined through the political process and change in response to changing political priorities , distinguishes state enterprises from private firms . the position is neatly summarized by a former chairman of the british railways board , lord beeching :

In the case of a nationalized industry , on the other hand , objectives are more numerous , more ambiguous and less distinguishable from qualifying conditions .
in the case of a nationalized industry , on the other hand , [aims/goals] are more numerous , more ambiguous and less distinguishable from qualifying conditions .

As this passage suggests , the contradictory pressures on the state enterprise are increased by the way objectives are defined through the political process .
as this passage suggests , the contradictory pressures on the state enterprise are increased by the way [aims/goals] are defined through the political process .

Multiple , changing objectives arise out of the very logic and internal organizational structure of the state .
multiple , changing [aims/goals] arise out of the very logic and internal organizational structure of the state .

This fragmentation of the state , with the ‘ coexistence of a great number of autonomous centres of power , all weakly linked to each other ’ ( Burgi 1985 : 137 ) makes more difficult the definition and co-ordination of public enterprise objectives .
this fragmentation of the state , with the ‘ coexistence of a great number of autonomous centres of power , all weakly linked to each other ’ ( burgi 1985 : 137 ) makes more difficult the definition and co-ordination of public enterprise [aims/goals] .

Conflicts among these state power centres are common , leading to confusion of objectives , or even mutually conflicting political messages for state enterprises .
conflicts among these state power centres are common , leading to confusion of [aims/goals] , or even mutually conflicting political messages for state enterprises .

Co-ordination of enterprise objectives is impeded by the time cycle of political authority .
co-ordination of enterprise [aims/goals] is impeded by the time cycle of political authority .

The turnover of individual government ministers responsible for setting objectives of state enterprises in their domain is even more rapid ( e.g .
the turnover of individual government ministers responsible for setting [aims/goals] of state enterprises in their domain is even more rapid ( e.g .

The nature of public enterprise objectives makes it difficult for political authorities to evaluate and control the activities of the enterprises .
the nature of public enterprise [aims/goals] makes it difficult for political authorities to evaluate and control the activities of the enterprises .

The greater is managerial freedom on questions of pricing , internal organization and investment , the more likely are public enterprises to act in ways inimical to the political objectives of government , or as Feigenbaum ( 1982 : 109 ) puts it , ‘ to pursue strategies dysfunctional to the public weal ’ .
the greater is managerial freedom on questions of pricing , internal organization and investment , the more likely are public enterprises to act in ways inimical to the political [aims/goals] of government , or as feigenbaum ( 1982 : 109 ) puts it , ‘ to pursue strategies dysfunctional to the public weal ’ .

The central issue is how to turn political objectives into actual behaviour by enterprises .
the central issue is how to turn political [aims/goals] into actual behaviour by enterprises .

Second , the formal objectives themselves are liable to abrupt change .
second , the formal [aims/goals] themselves are liable to abrupt change .

Programme contracts have also been extremely vulnerable to alterations in political priorities and objectives .
programme contracts have also been extremely vulnerable to alterations in political priorities and [aims/goals] .

Third , many political objectives may remain unquantified and even unacknowledged , and this makes it even harder to tell exogenous from endogenous reasons for failure to meet targets ( e.g .
third , many political [aims/goals] may remain unquantified and even unacknowledged , and this makes it even harder to tell exogenous from endogenous reasons for failure to meet targets ( e.g .

Thus state enterprises are not faced with clear guidelines as to the balance between commercial objectives relating to the economic performance of the enterprise , and the political objectives concerning , for example , regional policy or employment .
thus state enterprises are not faced with clear guidelines as to the balance between commercial [aims/goals] relating to the economic performance of the enterprise , and the political [aims/goals] concerning , for example , regional policy or employment .

This type of informal intervention in turn increased confusion over the weight to be attached to the enterprise 's different objectives , and made it harder to co-ordinate political goals and express them in a coherent manner .
this type of informal intervention in turn increased confusion over the weight to be attached to the enterprise 's different [aims/goals] , and made it harder to co-ordinate political goals and express them in a coherent manner .

Even were objectives to stay relatively stable , a fundamental problem of control would remain : the acquisition by the controllers of the knowledge upon which to base targets and evaluate performance .
even were [aims/goals] to stay relatively stable , a fundamental problem of control would remain : the acquisition by the controllers of the knowledge upon which to base targets and evaluate performance .

An alternative strategy , developed into a model by Aharoni ( 1981b ) , is for enterprises to aim to maximize business objectives such as profits and cash flow in order to minimize their dependence on government .
an alternative strategy , developed into a model by aharoni ( 1981b ) , is for enterprises to aim to maximize business [aims/goals] such as profits and cash flow in order to minimize their dependence on government .

Moreover , the ability of state enterprises to maximize business objectives depends on the nature of the political pressures on them , and indeed , a greater ‘ business ’ rather than ‘ political ’ orientation ( Zif 1981 ) may flow from clear directives of the political authorities ; in other words the dominant political objective may be for the enterprise to behave in a ‘ commercial ’ manner , so that the maximization of business objectives may be a reflection of greater dependence on political authorities .
moreover , the ability of state enterprises to maximize business [aims/goals] depends on the nature of the political pressures on them , and indeed , a greater ‘ business ’ rather than ‘ political ’ orientation ( zif 1981 ) may flow from clear directives of the political authorities ; in other words the dominant political objective may be for the enterprise to behave in a ‘ commercial ’ manner , so that the maximization of business [aims/goals] may be a reflection of greater dependence on political authorities .

The introduction of ‘ commercial ’ objectives has been a response to growing fiscal crisis , and generates its own tensions .
the introduction of ‘ commercial ’ [aims/goals] has been a response to growing fiscal crisis , and generates its own tensions .

For example , pressures to commercialism may lead management to replace blurred and ambiguous strategic objectives with clear and concise ones .
for example , pressures to commercialism may lead management to replace blurred and ambiguous strategic [aims/goals] with clear and concise ones .

Again , commercialism may lead to the pursuit of indicators , such as current balance sheet results , chosen more to convince the government that commercial goals are being successfully achieved than for their relevance to the economic objectives of the enterprise .
again , commercialism may lead to the pursuit of indicators , such as current balance sheet results , chosen more to convince the government that commercial goals are being successfully achieved than for their relevance to the economic [aims/goals] of the enterprise .

This intervention has the effect both of undermining managerial autonomy and of weakening the coherence of political control by blurring objectives .
this intervention has the effect both of undermining managerial autonomy and of weakening the coherence of political control by blurring [aims/goals] .

It has been a particularly marked feature of industrial relations in state enterprises , since the conduct of industrial relations influences the achievement of a variety of state objectives .
it has been a particularly marked feature of industrial relations in state enterprises , since the conduct of industrial relations influences the achievement of a variety of state [aims/goals] .

Unions in state enterprises operate in an environment in which corporate objectives are subject to continuous renegotiation and intervention by fragmented political authorities outside the corporation .
unions in state enterprises operate in an environment in which corporate [aims/goals] are subject to continuous renegotiation and intervention by fragmented political authorities outside the corporation .

Second , the political bargaining that accompanies the definition of state enterprise objectives provides opportunities for alliances between groups within the state and outside it .
second , the political bargaining that accompanies the definition of state enterprise [aims/goals] provides opportunities for alliances between groups within the state and outside it .

Yet the extensive range of state objectives , their mutual contradictions and the way in which they are determined within a fractured state organization , leave ample scope for variation in both the content and timing of projects to ‘ reform ’ the role of state enterprises and to change the balance between political control and enterprise autonomy .
yet the extensive range of state [aims/goals] , their mutual contradictions and the way in which they are determined within a fractured state organization , leave ample scope for variation in both the content and timing of projects to ‘ reform ’ the role of state enterprises and to change the balance between political control and enterprise autonomy .

This raises the issue of how political objectives are transmitted into the enterprise .
this raises the issue of how political [aims/goals] are transmitted into the enterprise .

But given the limitations on control devices discussed above , given the fragmentation of the state and the diversity of objectives , political bargaining or ‘ exchange ’ between enterprise actors and the state is likely to be a major method of transmitting state objectives to the public enterprise .
but given the limitations on control devices discussed above , given the fragmentation of the state and the diversity of [aims/goals] , political bargaining or ‘ exchange ’ between enterprise actors and the state is likely to be a major method of transmitting state [aims/goals] to the public enterprise .

Variables such as the degree of ‘ distance ’ between state enterprises and central state agencies , the internal coherence of management and unions , the ability to inflict costs on government , and conversely of government to bear the political costs of disruption , will affect the way objectives are transmitted ; as will wider relationships between social classes and the state .
variables such as the degree of ‘ distance ’ between state enterprises and central state agencies , the internal coherence of management and unions , the ability to inflict costs on government , and conversely of government to bear the political costs of disruption , will affect the way [aims/goals] are transmitted ; as will wider relationships between social classes and the state .

For example , once strategic management has assimilated new objectives on the basis of a changed perception of costs and benefits , these objectives have to be promulgated within the organization .
for example , once strategic management has assimilated new [aims/goals] on the basis of a changed perception of costs and benefits , these [aims/goals] have to be promulgated within the organization .

The railways in both Britain and Spain are in theory governed by the principle of the autonomy of public enterprise management from the sources of political authority that formulate their objectives .
the railways in both britain and spain are in theory governed by the principle of the autonomy of public enterprise management from the sources of political authority that formulate their [aims/goals] .

Yet the strengthening of autonomy creates practical and conceptual difficulties of control and the transmission of state objectives .
yet the strengthening of autonomy creates practical and conceptual difficulties of control and the transmission of state [aims/goals] .

Despite the growing assimilation by management of the new ‘ rules of the game ’ , however , the distance between government objectives and enterprise behaviour remains .
despite the growing assimilation by management of the new ‘ rules of the game ’ , however , the distance between government [aims/goals] and enterprise behaviour remains .

Complex and Conflicting Objectives
complex and conflicting [aims/goals]

The problem of establishing coherent , explicit and stable objectives for state enterprises applies with particular force to the railways .
the problem of establishing coherent , explicit and stable [aims/goals] for state enterprises applies with particular force to the railways .

Many of the ‘ social ’ or non-commercial objectives imposed on the railways by the state remain unacknowledged ; they are not incorporated into calculations of state financial compensation and state control has thus been weakened since railway management has been given reasonable pretexts for failing to meet targets .
many of the ‘ social ’ or non-commercial [aims/goals] imposed on the railways by the state remain unacknowledged ; they are not incorporated into calculations of state financial compensation and state control has thus been weakened since railway management has been given reasonable pretexts for failing to meet targets .

These problems remained , even after objectives had been partially clarified and formalized through grant financing and stringent financial controls .
these problems remained , even after [aims/goals] had been partially clarified and formalized through grant financing and stringent financial controls .

Objectives were still too diffuse to be encompassed within the scope of financial targets .
[aims/goals] were still too diffuse to be encompassed within the scope of financial targets .

The clear definition of objectives is also impeded by the fragmentation of political authority that was discussed in chapter 3 .
the clear definition of [aims/goals] is also impeded by the fragmentation of political authority that was discussed in chapter 3 .

Policies that directly or indirectly impinge upon the objectives of the railways are formulated at a number of different sites within the state administration , and co-ordination between them is not always assured .
policies that directly or indirectly impinge upon the [aims/goals] of the railways are formulated at a number of different sites within the state administration , and co-ordination between them is not always assured .

The independent agenda of the Spanish defence establishment , sometimes at odds with the policy objectives of the treasury and transport ministry , has been mentioned above .
the independent agenda of the spanish defence establishment , sometimes at odds with the policy [aims/goals] of the treasury and transport ministry , has been mentioned above .

This is likely to provide a further obstacle to clear and stable objectives for rail transport .
this is likely to provide a further obstacle to clear and stable [aims/goals] for rail transport .

But these priorities have been predominantly short-term and fluctuating and often in open contradiction with the formal longer-term objectives of the railways .
but these priorities have been predominantly short-term and fluctuating and often in open contradiction with the formal longer-term [aims/goals] of the railways .

Government objectives , we have argued , are transmitted to the railways through bargaining relationships between the political controllers and railway management , rather than being directly and automatically imposed .
government [aims/goals] , we have argued , are transmitted to the railways through bargaining relationships between the political controllers and railway management , rather than being directly and automatically imposed .

Objectives remain complex , diffuse , changing .
[aims/goals] remain complex , diffuse , changing .

Priorities are not always easy to ascertain , even when government objectives are relatively clear .
priorities are not always easy to ascertain , even when government [aims/goals] are relatively clear .

This leads to ad hoc government intervention which in turn may undermine the consistency and stability of objectives still further .
this leads to ad hoc government intervention which in turn may undermine the consistency and stability of [aims/goals] still further .

The relative tardiness of the political response to the railway question in Spain meant that the formal framework of relationships was less developed than in Britain and thus the general problem of unclear objectives was more severe .
the relative tardiness of the political response to the railway question in spain meant that the formal framework of relationships was less developed than in britain and thus the general problem of unclear [aims/goals] was more severe .

‘ One of our key objectives is to reduce unemployment in the heart of Bootle where the rate is especially high . ’
‘ one of our key [aims/goals] is to reduce unemployment in the heart of bootle where the rate is especially high . ’

Mr Waterfield likens a game of croquet to a game of snooker and personally believes that the outdoor game preceded the indoor , with both based on similar objectives .
mr waterfield likens a game of croquet to a game of snooker and personally believes that the outdoor game preceded the indoor , with both based on similar [aims/goals] .

‘ If we are to reach our destination and fulfil the objectives set out at the United Nations National Conference , we need firm and committed leadership , ’ he said .
‘ if we are to reach our destination and fulfil the [aims/goals] set out at the united nations national conference , we need firm and committed leadership , ’ he said .

‘ If we get into the Second Division our objectives would change .
‘ if we get into the second division our [aims/goals] would change .

They have been selected for the quality of their objectives and will involve working in partnership with geographers , conservationists and ecologists in the countries they visit .
they have been selected for the quality of their [aims/goals] and will involve working in partnership with geographers , conservationists and ecologists in the countries they visit .

‘ In this country political objectives are gained by constitutional means alone .
‘ in this country political [aims/goals] are gained by constitutional means alone .

They bring together some twenty to twenty-five people , mostly from Third World countries , but including some aid administrators from Britain and other developed countries , and they stay together for between four and six weeks , working together in a wide range of different topics and with various objectives .
they bring together some twenty to twenty-five people , mostly from third world countries , but including some aid administrators from britain and other developed countries , and they stay together for between four and six weeks , working together in a wide range of different topics and with various [aims/goals] .

It is very encouraging to hear the staff at Southport share these objectives .
it is very encouraging to hear the staff at southport share these [aims/goals] .

The Government has , through the last two Secretaries of State , set out two main objectives in relation to rail freight :
the government has , through the last two secretaries of state , set out two main [aims/goals] in relation to rail freight :

Both these objectives suffer from the same constraints — the uncompetitive nature of railfreight charges compared with road haulage , other than trainload freight , and the lack of private sidings in Britain on anything like the scale in France or Germany thus requiring intermodal handling and its resultant costs .
both these [aims/goals] suffer from the same constraints — the uncompetitive nature of railfreight charges compared with road haulage , other than trainload freight , and the lack of private sidings in britain on anything like the scale in france or germany thus requiring intermodal handling and its resultant costs .

‘ Complaints from customers have actually gone up and we are setting specific quality objectives for the coming year , with technical programmes and systems to achieve them , ’ said operations manager .
‘ complaints from customers have actually gone up and we are setting specific quality [aims/goals] for the coming year , with technical programmes and systems to achieve them , ’ said operations manager .

The four objectives , however , provide a new focus .
the four [aims/goals] , however , provide a new focus .

It will also continue to seek ways to reduce emissions further , in line with corporate objectives for continuous improvement in environmental performance .
it will also continue to seek ways to reduce emissions further , in line with corporate [aims/goals] for continuous improvement in environmental performance .

The range of political institutions and objectives is well discussed , although one could have wished for more emphasis to be placed on European Community matters and where they may lead us .
the range of political institutions and [aims/goals] is well discussed , although one could have wished for more emphasis to be placed on european community matters and where they may lead us .

Mr Leigh-Pemberton , however , sounded a stark warning to the Cabinet not to take risks with inflation : ‘ We have to be very clear about the objectives of policy .
mr leigh-pemberton , however , sounded a stark warning to the cabinet not to take risks with inflation : ‘ we have to be very clear about the [aims/goals] of policy .

‘ In the past in the prison service there has been a lack of clear , overall objectives , ’ Mr Clarke said .
‘ in the past in the prison service there has been a lack of clear , overall [aims/goals] , ’ mr clarke said .

In his belief in a series of minutely planned , economical offensives with limited objectives — each adding to the total exhaustion of the enemy until the moment for the ‘ definitive effort ’ arrived , instead of the one ‘ Big Push ’ — Pétain bore some resemblance to the great Turenne .
in his belief in a series of minutely planned , economical offensives with limited [aims/goals] — each adding to the total exhaustion of the enemy until the moment for the ‘ definitive effort ’ arrived , instead of the one ‘ big push ’ — pétain bore some resemblance to the great turenne .

As soon as it becomes clear that the new attacks would not achieve their objectives within a reasonable period , then we must abandon them and ‘ seek a decision elsewhere ’ said Falkenhayn half-heartedly , adding :
as soon as it becomes clear that the new attacks would not achieve their [aims/goals] within a reasonable period , then we must abandon them and ‘ seek a decision elsewhere ’ said falkenhayn half-heartedly , adding :

We tend to know each other pretty well , and to share a lot of things — goals , objectives , commitments .
we tend to know each other pretty well , and to share a lot of things — goals , [aims/goals] , commitments .

This means , for example , that sales area managers have clear weekly objectives incorporating new accounts , new business from existing accounts , call rates and margin requirement .
this means , for example , that sales area managers have clear weekly [aims/goals] incorporating new accounts , new business from existing accounts , call rates and margin requirement .

As part of annual appraisals , employees agree individual training objectives .
as part of annual appraisals , employees agree individual training [aims/goals] .

‘ It was recognised that to achieve the objectives there had to be a comprehensive training programme , ’ said Tim Holton , training and recruitment manger .
‘ it was recognised that to achieve the [aims/goals] there had to be a comprehensive training programme , ’ said tim holton , training and recruitment manger .

Defining and explaining them and showing how they may be measured are the major objectives of this and the following chapter .
defining and explaining them and showing how they may be measured are the major [aims/goals] of this and the following chapter .

The other main aggregates are dealt with in the next chapter where the major macroeconomic policy objectives are discussed .
the other main aggregates are dealt with in the next chapter where the major macroeconomic policy [aims/goals] are discussed .

The objectives of this and the following two chapters are , first , to explain the meaning of money in a modern economy ; secondly , to show how the supply of money might be influenced by government policy and other factors ; and finally , to discuss the role of money in an economy .
the [aims/goals] of this and the following two chapters are , first , to explain the meaning of money in a modern economy ; secondly , to show how the supply of money might be influenced by government policy and other factors ; and finally , to discuss the role of money in an economy .

The role of the Bank of England is to ensure that the supply of money is consistent with the attainment of the government 's policy objectives .
the role of the bank of england is to ensure that the supply of money is consistent with the attainment of the government 's policy [aims/goals] .

Policy and objectives
policy and [aims/goals]

Environmental Objectives
environmental [aims/goals]

These objectives are :
these [aims/goals] are :

Disclosure of environmental information is an essential element in monitoring the progress towards achieving these objectives .
disclosure of environmental information is an essential element in monitoring the progress towards achieving these [aims/goals] .

One of the objectives of Environmental Issues is to highlight — and put into perspective — major environmental concerns .
one of the [aims/goals] of environmental issues is to highlight — and put into perspective — major environmental concerns .

The percentage growth in both sales and group profits over the period from 1985 are impressive but its objectives to the end of this decade and half way through the next are even more so , especially since a clear and detailed strategy for its achievement is firmly in place .
the percentage growth in both sales and group profits over the period from 1985 are impressive but its [aims/goals] to the end of this decade and half way through the next are even more so , especially since a clear and detailed strategy for its achievement is firmly in place .

‘ They will see a company determined to progress in key markets , with clear objectives and targets and with a more competitive cost base to ensure our future success , ’ he said .
‘ they will see a company determined to progress in key markets , with clear [aims/goals] and targets and with a more competitive cost base to ensure our future success , ’ he said .

The consultation paper outlines how objectives for water quality could be set on a statutory basis and determined by actual use , for example fisheries , sport or water supply .
the consultation paper outlines how [aims/goals] for water quality could be set on a statutory basis and determined by actual use , for example fisheries , sport or water supply .

They all spent a few weeks with me , a manufacturing engineer , to set objectives , to create a manufacturing improvement strategy and policies and then to drive them .
they all spent a few weeks with me , a manufacturing engineer , to set [aims/goals] , to create a manufacturing improvement strategy and policies and then to drive them .

At the moment the organisation has just four main objectives which will be moulded into something concrete .
at the moment the organisation has just four main [aims/goals] which will be moulded into something concrete .

Setting sales objectives
setting sales [aims/goals]

The essential skill in setting call objectives is to phrase them in terms of what the salesperson wants the customer to do rather than what the salesperson will do .
the essential skill in setting call [aims/goals] is to phrase them in terms of what the salesperson wants the customer to do rather than what the salesperson will do .

For producers with longer sales cycles , sensible objectives may be :
for producers with longer sales cycles , sensible [aims/goals] may be :

The temptation , when setting objectives , is to determine them in terms of what the salesperson will do .
the temptation , when setting [aims/goals] , is to determine them in terms of what the salesperson will do .

Determination of negotiating objectives
determination of negotiating [aims/goals]

It is prudent for negotiators to set objectives during the preparation stage .
it is prudent for negotiators to set [aims/goals] during the preparation stage .

Additionally , when negotiation is conducted by a team , discussion of objectives helps coordination and unity .
additionally , when negotiation is conducted by a team , discussion of [aims/goals] helps coordination and unity .

It is useful to consider two types of objectives ( Kennedy et al. , 1980 ) .
it is useful to consider two types of [aims/goals] ( kennedy et al. , 1980 ) .

setting sales and negotiation objectives ;
setting sales and negotiation [aims/goals] ;

What are your sales objectives ? What extra information would be useful ?
what are your sales [aims/goals] ? what extra information would be useful ?

Thirteen types of question and their objectives , together with examples are given in Table 2 .
thirteen types of question and their [aims/goals] , together with examples are given in table 2 .

Sales promotions embrace a variety of techniques that organisations can use as part of their total marketing effort . Examples of possible objectives that may be achieved through sales promotional activities include :
sales promotions embrace a variety of techniques that organisations can use as part of their total marketing effort . examples of possible [aims/goals] that may be achieved through sales promotional activities include :

The objectives of retailer-distributor promotions are :
the [aims/goals] of retailer-distributor promotions are :

The objectives of the promoter may conflict with those of the retailer or distributor ; consequently some sales employees are not permitted to accept incentives or participate in trade contests because their management wish to maintain strict control over their selling activities .
the [aims/goals] of the promoter may conflict with those of the retailer or distributor ; consequently some sales employees are not permitted to accept incentives or participate in trade contests because their management wish to maintain strict control over their selling activities .

Such rewards are offered as prizes in a competition to those individuals or groups who perform best against a specific set of objectives .
such rewards are offered as prizes in a competition to those individuals or groups who perform best against a specific set of [aims/goals] .

When establishing a sales force incentive scheme one must consider objectives , timing , scoring methods and prizes/rewards . Typical objectives of such a scheme may be :
when establishing a sales force incentive scheme one must consider [aims/goals] , timing , scoring methods and prizes/rewards . typical [aims/goals] of such a scheme may be :

The timing of the scheme may depend upon the size of the sales force , the immediacy of action required and the nature of the objectives to be achieved .
the timing of the scheme may depend upon the size of the sales force , the immediacy of action required and the nature of the [aims/goals] to be achieved .

During a scheme additional bonus points may be awarded for the attainment of more specific short-term objectives such as increased sales of a particular product , increased number of new customers , training and display objectives .
during a scheme additional bonus points may be awarded for the attainment of more specific short-term [aims/goals] such as increased sales of a particular product , increased number of new customers , training and display [aims/goals] .

Setting exhibition objectives and measuring results are therefore important , as is the identification and comprehension of the elements within the exhibition effort .
setting exhibition [aims/goals] and measuring results are therefore important , as is the identification and comprehension of the elements within the exhibition effort .

In the management of any function , the setting of objectives is vital ; without this , there is no basis for planning , coordination , control or measurement of results .
in the management of any function , the setting of [aims/goals] is vital ; without this , there is no basis for planning , coordination , control or measurement of results .

Such objectives can be enumerated as follows .
such [aims/goals] can be enumerated as follows .

Objectives of the exhibition and set procedures to be used in achieving these objectives .
[aims/goals] of the exhibition and set procedures to be used in achieving these [aims/goals] .

This is concerned with group image and is based on a long-term , carefully planned programme designed to achieve maximum recognition and understanding of the organisation 's objectives and performance which is in keeping with realistic expectations .
this is concerned with group image and is based on a long-term , carefully planned programme designed to achieve maximum recognition and understanding of the organisation 's [aims/goals] and performance which is in keeping with realistic expectations .

Setting specific objectives that are capable of evaluation .
setting specific [aims/goals] that are capable of evaluation .

Although increased exports of goods and services is in the national interest , individual firms have more selfish objectives , and the most positive inducement to them to sell overseas is the existence of potential profitable opportunities .
although increased exports of goods and services is in the national interest , individual firms have more selfish [aims/goals] , and the most positive inducement to them to sell overseas is the existence of potential profitable opportunities .

The manufacturer is relying on the distributor to achieve their objectives , but the manufacturer must remember that the distributor has objectives and interests of his own .
the manufacturer is relying on the distributor to achieve their [aims/goals] , but the manufacturer must remember that the distributor has [aims/goals] and interests of his own .

This will have to be a London job similar to the one produced for the Company 's aims and objectives .
this will have to be a london job similar to the one produced for the company 's aims and [aims/goals] .

Training is available in telephone skills , letter writing , handling meetings or presentations , to help you meet your business objectives .
training is available in telephone skills , letter writing , handling meetings or presentations , to help you meet your business [aims/goals] .

Forward planning and setting objectives were a good way to focus attention .
forward planning and setting [aims/goals] were a good way to focus attention .

So , we set objectives and sub , subsequently planned a budget to ensure that it 's successful .
so , we set [aims/goals] and sub , subsequently planned a budget to ensure that it 's successful .

This is conceptually similar but not identical to the phenomena described by Matza ( 1964 : 33–68 ) as the subculture of delinquency : both consist of ‘ precepts and customs that are delicately balanced between convention and crime ’ ; both ‘ posit objectives that may be attained through ( crime ) but also other means ’ ; both ‘ allow ( crime ) but it is not demanded or necessarily considered the preferred path ’ ; and both consist of ‘ norms and sentiments ’ which are ‘ beliefs that function as the extenuating conditions under which ( crime ) is permissible ’ .
this is conceptually similar but not identical to the phenomena described by matza ( 1964 : 33–68 ) as the subculture of delinquency : both consist of ‘ precepts and customs that are delicately balanced between convention and crime ’ ; both ‘ posit [aims/goals] that may be attained through ( crime ) but also other means ’ ; both ‘ allow ( crime ) but it is not demanded or necessarily considered the preferred path ’ ; and both consist of ‘ norms and sentiments ’ which are ‘ beliefs that function as the extenuating conditions under which ( crime ) is permissible ’ .

On a practical and down to earth level it is worth finding out what clerical support you are likely to get in the clinic or base where you will be working . Who is there to answer the telephone when you are not there ? What assistance and support in managerial and professional terms can you expect from your neighbourhood nursing team manager ? What are the aims and objectives of the post ? What opportunities are there for group as well as one to one initiatives in health promotion ? How is the health visitor 's role perceived within the primary health care team , and what approach to their work is taken by medical colleagues working with the neighbourhood nursing team ? What specific social problems are prevalent in the area and what support can you expect in trying to prioritise for special need ? How much help will you need as a returner in the management of caseloads and identification of priorities within that caseload ? What is the continuing education budget post-entry and the employer 's commitment to assist you in furthering your own professional commitment ?
on a practical and down to earth level it is worth finding out what clerical support you are likely to get in the clinic or base where you will be working . who is there to answer the telephone when you are not there ? what assistance and support in managerial and professional terms can you expect from your neighbourhood nursing team manager ? what are the aims and [aims/goals] of the post ? what opportunities are there for group as well as one to one initiatives in health promotion ? how is the health visitor 's role perceived within the primary health care team , and what approach to their work is taken by medical colleagues working with the neighbourhood nursing team ? what specific social problems are prevalent in the area and what support can you expect in trying to prioritise for special need ? how much help will you need as a returner in the management of caseloads and identification of priorities within that caseload ? what is the continuing education budget post-entry and the employer 's commitment to assist you in furthering your own professional commitment ?

There is a degree of autonomy within each of the four countries , and although they may unite in the same objectives ( such as improvements in educational and professional standards ) , each has to be responsive to the nature and demands of its country of origin .
there is a degree of autonomy within each of the four countries , and although they may unite in the same [aims/goals] ( such as improvements in educational and professional standards ) , each has to be responsive to the nature and demands of its country of origin .

The didactic approach of preaching to ‘ learners ’ ( rather than ‘ students ’ ) and of spoonfeeding them with preset values and objectives is gradually being replaced by a much more human approach where students are enabled to question and study , and to add to knowledge themselves as they extract the best from individual learning experiences .
the didactic approach of preaching to ‘ learners ’ ( rather than ‘ students ’ ) and of spoonfeeding them with preset values and [aims/goals] is gradually being replaced by a much more human approach where students are enabled to question and study , and to add to knowledge themselves as they extract the best from individual learning experiences .

It is the patient who helps to decide on the course of his care and he may be asked to help to draw up objectives of care .
it is the patient who helps to decide on the course of his care and he may be asked to help to draw up [aims/goals] of care .

Thus a course tutor may invite workshop members to identify their own learning needs , to write learning objectives and consider ways in which they would like to learn the new skills or information they need .
thus a course tutor may invite workshop members to identify their own learning needs , to write learning [aims/goals] and consider ways in which they would like to learn the new skills or information they need .

Stage 1 Negotiation with workshop members of learning objectives for the workshop
stage 1 negotiation with workshop members of learning [aims/goals] for the workshop

‘ They are not clear on their objectives and are not given the technical tools to use on the field so that they can not play to their potential .
‘ they are not clear on their [aims/goals] and are not given the technical tools to use on the field so that they can not play to their potential .

The maverick and often exasperating individualism which had served him well in battles against conservative-minded executives at the Mirror became a major liability at NoS , where the premium was on conformity to group objectives .
the maverick and often exasperating individualism which had served him well in battles against conservative-minded executives at the mirror became a major liability at nos , where the premium was on conformity to group [aims/goals] .

Before choosing a new location it is necessary to draw up a list of all the company 's requirements and objectives .
before choosing a new location it is necessary to draw up a list of all the company 's requirements and [aims/goals] .

With this in mind , in 1977 the company formed the following objectives on the relocation and consolidation of its activities :
with this in mind , in 1977 the company formed the following [aims/goals] on the relocation and consolidation of its activities :

In contrast a site within the county of Hertfordshire was considered an ideal area for relocation since this appeared to offer the company the best opportunity to fulfil most of its objectives .
in contrast a site within the county of hertfordshire was considered an ideal area for relocation since this appeared to offer the company the best opportunity to fulfil most of its [aims/goals] .

They should also have details of the objectives set for them plus a specification of what the company sees as an ideal candidate .
they should also have details of the [aims/goals] set for them plus a specification of what the company sees as an ideal candidate .

those which employ a method or means of combat the effects of which can not be limited as required by this Protocol ; and consequently , in each such case , are of a nature to strike military objectives and civilians or civilian objects without distinction .
those which employ a method or means of combat the effects of which can not be limited as required by this protocol ; and consequently , in each such case , are of a nature to strike military [aims/goals] and civilians or civilian objects without distinction .

The British government has attempted virtually to nullify this definition of military objectives by stating its ‘ understanding ’ that ‘ a specific area of land ’ may be a military objective .
the british government has attempted virtually to nullify this definition of military [aims/goals] by stating its ‘ understanding ’ that ‘ a specific area of land ’ may be a military objective .

This situation is in turn exacerbated by the internal political pressures on governments , democratic as well as despotic , to maintain a climate of Cold War in order to achieve their domestic objectives .
this situation is in turn exacerbated by the internal political pressures on governments , democratic as well as despotic , to maintain a climate of cold war in order to achieve their domestic [aims/goals] .

By abuse here 1 mean not only illegal uses of violence by those who are in defined circumstances entitled to use force , but the legal use of force where the objectives are antithetical to social order or for some other reasons morally objectionable .
by abuse here 1 mean not only illegal uses of violence by those who are in defined circumstances entitled to use force , but the legal use of force where the [aims/goals] are antithetical to social order or for some other reasons morally objectionable .

At this point it is likely that we may make a second mistake and go for a purely positivist view of law , the view that the nature of law can be appreciated purely by reciting the elements of positing and applying law without reference to its objectives or functions , so that we have a legal system as long as there are institutionalised ways of selecting mandatory rules and some arrangement for an authoritative application of those rules to particular situations .
at this point it is likely that we may make a second mistake and go for a purely positivist view of law , the view that the nature of law can be appreciated purely by reciting the elements of positing and applying law without reference to its [aims/goals] or functions , so that we have a legal system as long as there are institutionalised ways of selecting mandatory rules and some arrangement for an authoritative application of those rules to particular situations .

Ethical positivism is thus a theory of or approach to law , perhaps a way of viewing law , which explicates law as a human contrivance which is appropriate for attaining desirable social objectives in a morally acceptable manner .
ethical positivism is thus a theory of or approach to law , perhaps a way of viewing law , which explicates law as a human contrivance which is appropriate for attaining desirable social [aims/goals] in a morally acceptable manner .

Applying this to the realities of international law , the ethical positivist in the first place rejects the search for an intuited or reasoned ‘ natural law ’ on which to base international law , for he views law as a human creation to serve those human objectives which survive ethical criticism .
applying this to the realities of international law , the ethical positivist in the first place rejects the search for an intuited or reasoned ‘ natural law ’ on which to base international law , for he views law as a human creation to serve those human [aims/goals] which survive ethical criticism .

Of course it by no means follows that the courts themselves are any less immune from the risks of unfairness or inefficiency in their pursuit of policy objectives , especially as currently constituted .
of course it by no means follows that the courts themselves are any less immune from the risks of unfairness or inefficiency in their pursuit of policy [aims/goals] , especially as currently constituted .

The objectives sought to be achieved by this legislation are not simple .
the [aims/goals] sought to be achieved by this legislation are not simple .

Additionally , there should be objectives to :
additionally , there should be [aims/goals] to :

The nub of the problem was identified as the lack of attention in the planning process to the way in which abstract objectives of a plan were actually carried out in the designs .
the nub of the problem was identified as the lack of attention in the planning process to the way in which abstract [aims/goals] of a plan were actually carried out in the designs .

Figure 7.7 indicates the safety objectives and measures for one of the schemes , West Reading .
figure 7.7 indicates the safety [aims/goals] and measures for one of the schemes , west reading .

Such centrally funded schemes have tended to be supported by claims that it is only by central intervention that particular objectives can be achieved .
such centrally funded schemes have tended to be supported by claims that it is only by central intervention that particular [aims/goals] can be achieved .

In his chapter Thomas examines the origins of local management schemes , the innovatory work undertaken on this by a number of local authorities , and the objectives of the local management proposals contained in the Education Reform Bill .
in his chapter thomas examines the origins of local management schemes , the innovatory work undertaken on this by a number of local authorities , and the [aims/goals] of the local management proposals contained in the education reform bill .

Is this wholly due to objections to using behavioural objectives or skills as the criterion as to whether pupils have really learnt from their education ?
is this wholly due to objections to using behavioural [aims/goals] or skills as the criterion as to whether pupils have really learnt from their education ?

The speech had more modest objectives .
the speech had more modest [aims/goals] .

The White Paper , Better Schools ( 1985 ) , indicated that one of the government 's major policy commitments was ‘ to secure greater clarity about the objectives and content of the curriculum ’ , that being considered a necessary step towards the improvement of standards achieved by pupils .
the white paper , better schools ( 1985 ) , indicated that one of the government 's major policy commitments was ‘ to secure greater clarity about the [aims/goals] and content of the curriculum ’ , that being considered a necessary step towards the improvement of standards achieved by pupils .

The paper proposed for each area of the curriculum for pupils 5–14 ‘ a nationally agreed set of guidelines setting out the aims of study , the content to be covered , and the objectives to be achieved ’ .
the paper proposed for each area of the curriculum for pupils 5–14 ‘ a nationally agreed set of guidelines setting out the aims of study , the content to be covered , and the [aims/goals] to be achieved ’ .

On both sides of the border there is a clear government commitment to the development of curriculum guidelines , and the specification of curriculum objectives and content in each subject area , all of which will require the approval of a central government agency .
on both sides of the border there is a clear government commitment to the development of curriculum guidelines , and the specification of curriculum [aims/goals] and content in each subject area , all of which will require the approval of a central government agency .

Better Schools is more emphatic in its statement that intending teachers should be given ‘ training and practice in classroom skills ’ , and devotes some space to these — the skills of selecting appropriate materials , varying teaching styles to match the nature of the work and the type of pupil , guiding individual pupils , handling written and oral work , cultivating independent learning , using open and closed questions when appropriate , managing diverse opinions on sensitive issues , setting clear objectives , and so on .
better schools is more emphatic in its statement that intending teachers should be given ‘ training and practice in classroom skills ’ , and devotes some space to these — the skills of selecting appropriate materials , varying teaching styles to match the nature of the work and the type of pupil , guiding individual pupils , handling written and oral work , cultivating independent learning , using open and closed questions when appropriate , managing diverse opinions on sensitive issues , setting clear [aims/goals] , and so on .

weakening of teachers ' attachment to particular subject specialisms , development of subject competence across a wider range of the curriculum , and development and dissemination of awareness of the similarities in learning objectives and pedagogical approach between different subjects — in short , the easing of subject loyalties and demystification of subject differences ;
weakening of teachers ' attachment to particular subject specialisms , development of subject competence across a wider range of the curriculum , and development and dissemination of awareness of the similarities in learning [aims/goals] and pedagogical approach between different subjects — in short , the easing of subject loyalties and demystification of subject differences ;

The work of business historians is providing growing evidence that large size and a bigger market were in themselves major objectives in merger activity , which interestingly tends to confirm certain hypotheses of earlier theoretical literature [ Cyert and March , 1963 ; Marris , 1964 ] .
the work of business historians is providing growing evidence that large size and a bigger market were in themselves major [aims/goals] in merger activity , which interestingly tends to confirm certain hypotheses of earlier theoretical literature [ cyert and march , 1963 ; marris , 1964 ] .

Comprehensive evaluation of company performance over these broader activities is not available , but the little which is known about individual companies suggests that financial objectives were more important than they might appear on the surface .
comprehensive evaluation of company performance over these broader activities is not available , but the little which is known about individual companies suggests that financial [aims/goals] were more important than they might appear on the surface .

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

The regulations do , however , include the various objectives , procedures and rights of the people involved .
the regulations do , however , include the various [aims/goals] , procedures and rights of the people involved .

This and other courses can be presented on your premises exclusively for your personnel and modified in content and objectives to meet your company 's specific needs .
this and other courses can be presented on your premises exclusively for your personnel and modified in content and [aims/goals] to meet your company 's specific needs .

No matter what the project , we 're geared up to help you achieve your objectives .
no matter what the project , we 're geared up to help you achieve your [aims/goals] .

In supporting the Federal Government 's public policy objectives , KfW extended long-term loans and grants worth 27.8 billion Deutsche Marks in the year under review , which means a 25% increase .
in supporting the federal government 's public policy [aims/goals] , kfw extended long-term loans and grants worth 27.8 billion deutsche marks in the year under review , which means a 25% increase .

One of the objectives of this work was to trace the south-westward extension of the Highland Boundary Fault .
one of the [aims/goals] of this work was to trace the south-westward extension of the highland boundary fault .

‘ Supporters of the parish council scheme have consistently claimed majority support and dismissed the objectives as a vociferous minority .
‘ supporters of the parish council scheme have consistently claimed majority support and dismissed the [aims/goals] as a vociferous minority .

Problems with Multiple Objectives — Efficiency
problems with multiple [aims/goals] — efficiency

These three objectives reflect aspects of the production problem and , ideally , the manufacturer would like a feasible solution maximising them all .
these three [aims/goals] reflect aspects of the production problem and , ideally , the manufacturer would like a feasible solution maximising them all .

It is worth noting that multiple objectives also arise when several individuals have to make a joint decision , the objective functions modelling the aspirations of each individual .
it is worth noting that multiple [aims/goals] also arise when several individuals have to make a joint decision , the objective functions modelling the aspirations of each individual .

For example , in the production problem above , the three objectives may be those of the managing director , the sales director and the export director .
for example , in the production problem above , the three [aims/goals] may be those of the managing director , the sales director and the export director .

Typically , these objectives will conflict in that there is no feasible solution which simultaneously maximises them all .
typically , these [aims/goals] will conflict in that there is no feasible solution which simultaneously maximises them all .

The idea is to multiply each objective by a weighting factor and then add the weighted objectives .
the idea is to multiply each objective by a weighting factor and then add the weighted [aims/goals] .

For example , if we choose weighting factors of 10 for revenue , 1 for sales and 5 for exports in the example described above , the sum of the weighted objectives is and this is to be maximised subject to the constraints given above .
for example , if we choose weighting factors of 10 for revenue , 1 for sales and 5 for exports in the example described above , the sum of the weighted [aims/goals] is and this is to be maximised subject to the constraints given above .

The condition of positive weighting factors is no real restriction , for the assumption that the objectives are desirable means that only positive weights make sense .
the condition of positive weighting factors is no real restriction , for the assumption that the [aims/goals] are desirable means that only positive weights make sense .

To accommodate multiple objectives , we will extend the simplex tableau by including an additional objective row for each objective function .
to accommodate multiple [aims/goals] , we will extend the simplex tableau by including an additional objective row for each objective function .

In Section 9.3 , we saw how to find all efficient solutions for VMPs with two objectives .
in section 9.3 , we saw how to find all efficient solutions for vmps with two [aims/goals] .

Rewriting inequalities such as ( 10.3 ) in this form shows that by allowing a constant term in the objective we can effectively make the goal zero for all objectives .
rewriting inequalities such as ( 10.3 ) in this form shows that by allowing a constant term in the objective we can effectively make the goal zero for all [aims/goals] .

If sales and profits are ignored , the manufacturer is faced with combining the three objectives into one .
if sales and profits are ignored , the manufacturer is faced with combining the three [aims/goals] into one .

The work of the team is co-ordinated towards meeting agreed objectives with clear differentiation between , and respect for , those skills and roles which are specific to individual members as well as those which may be common or shared .
the work of the team is co-ordinated towards meeting agreed [aims/goals] with clear differentiation between , and respect for , those skills and roles which are specific to individual members as well as those which may be common or shared .

Objectives for Care outlines practical applications for nurses to use in their everyday working lives .
[aims/goals] for care outlines practical applications for nurses to use in their everyday working lives .

It provides a point of reference for those starting on the standard-setting road by identifying objectives for care bases on Henderson 's classification of the components of nursing .
it provides a point of reference for those starting on the standard-setting road by identifying [aims/goals] for care bases on henderson 's classification of the components of nursing .

An interesting development advocated by the authors is that of moving towards a multidisciplinary approach , whereby other health-care professionals take responsibility for specific problems but all carers have access to the objectives involved .
an interesting development advocated by the authors is that of moving towards a multidisciplinary approach , whereby other health-care professionals take responsibility for specific problems but all carers have access to the [aims/goals] involved .

The programme 's objectives were to help parents define what they wished to change about their child 's behaviour , to learn techniques for doing so , and to share their own feelings with others in a similar situation .
the programme 's [aims/goals] were to help parents define what they wished to change about their child 's behaviour , to learn techniques for doing so , and to share their own feelings with others in a similar situation .

Within this chapter our concern is with those , both Marxist and non-Marxist , who have taken as given the particular direction in which technology has developed , and with those who , while accepting that it is possible and desirable to exercise some social control over technology , have taken the view that there is no fundamental conflict at the work-place and that the system of organisation there can be optimised in the light of a set of objectives to which they assume all would be able to agree .
within this chapter our concern is with those , both marxist and non-marxist , who have taken as given the particular direction in which technology has developed , and with those who , while accepting that it is possible and desirable to exercise some social control over technology , have taken the view that there is no fundamental conflict at the work-place and that the system of organisation there can be optimised in the light of a set of [aims/goals] to which they assume all would be able to agree .

If there are to be significant changes in people 's experience of work in the future , these are , concludes Gallie , much more likely to be brought about by changes in cultural values , in institutional arrangements , or in management attitudes or trade union objectives ( Gallie 1978 , 317 ) .
if there are to be significant changes in people 's experience of work in the future , these are , concludes gallie , much more likely to be brought about by changes in cultural values , in institutional arrangements , or in management attitudes or trade union [aims/goals] ( gallie 1978 , 317 ) .

Similarly , trade unions are thought of as institutions whose objectives and practices are fundamentally opposed to the public interest .
similarly , trade unions are thought of as institutions whose [aims/goals] and practices are fundamentally opposed to the public interest .

How else could they achieve their objectives ?
how else could they achieve their [aims/goals] ?

The major objectives of this system were to guarantee the individual a measure of economic security and to ensure that each family was not permanently debarred from participating in the economic life of the nation through temporary misfortune .
the major [aims/goals] of this system were to guarantee the individual a measure of economic security and to ensure that each family was not permanently debarred from participating in the economic life of the nation through temporary misfortune .

Unlike consumers and corporations who have clearly defined self-interests , the state is considered an impartial body , acting in the public interest and free from any of the narrow objectives pursued , it is alleged , by the business community in particular .
unlike consumers and corporations who have clearly defined self-interests , the state is considered an impartial body , acting in the public interest and free from any of the narrow [aims/goals] pursued , it is alleged , by the business community in particular .

Setting objectives
setting [aims/goals]

But do n't get muddled between goals and objectives .
but do n't get muddled between goals and [aims/goals] .

It is all very well having a goal , but goals are long-term and not always achievable ; only objectives are truly achievable .
it is all very well having a goal , but goals are long-term and not always achievable ; only [aims/goals] are truly achievable .

Many people who try to set themselves goals and call them objectives think they have failed when they do n't reach them .
many people who try to set themselves goals and call them [aims/goals] think they have failed when they do n't reach them .

Objectives must be measurable
[aims/goals] must be measurable

There are certain rules for setting objectives .
there are certain rules for setting [aims/goals] .

Objectives must be specific
[aims/goals] must be specific

Objectives should not be too general , indeed they should be as specific as possible , e.g. not ‘ Everybody should like me ’ , but that ‘ John should greet me on arrival at work ’ .
[aims/goals] should not be too general , indeed they should be as specific as possible , e.g. not ‘ everybody should like me ’ , but that ‘ john should greet me on arrival at work ’ .

Objectives must be desirable
[aims/goals] must be desirable

You should place your objectives on a 1–10 rating scale for desirability , so you know which ones to concentrate on and which are most important to you .
you should place your [aims/goals] on a 1–10 rating scale for desirability , so you know which ones to concentrate on and which are most important to you .

If you rate the difficulty or effort needed to achieve those objectives , it will help you to avoid choosing all the most difficult ones in the first week .
if you rate the difficulty or effort needed to achieve those [aims/goals] , it will help you to avoid choosing all the most difficult ones in the first week .

This objective would need lots of other objectives en route to help you achieve it , e.g .
this objective would need lots of other [aims/goals] en route to help you achieve it , e.g .

Go running every day Now think about your shorter-term objectives and your general long-term goal :
go running every day now think about your shorter-term [aims/goals] and your general long-term goal :

Objectives must be reasonable
[aims/goals] must be reasonable

Finally , objectives need to be reasonable .
finally , [aims/goals] need to be reasonable .

Linking objectives to your success image — the five-year plan
linking [aims/goals] to your success image — the five-year plan

If you are going to change your life , you need to attach your objectives to your success image .
if you are going to change your life , you need to attach your [aims/goals] to your success image .

Step-by-step short-term objectives — building up the picture
step-by-step short-term [aims/goals] — building up the picture

Now that you have a goal and some objectives for the next five years , let 's concentrate on some more specific objectives for the next year .
now that you have a goal and some [aims/goals] for the next five years , let 's concentrate on some more specific [aims/goals] for the next year .

Five things to achieve may well seem a lot , but for encouragement read on to see what objectives other women have set themselves .
five things to achieve may well seem a lot , but for encouragement read on to see what [aims/goals] other women have set themselves .

Here are some examples of the kind of objectives you might set yourself .
here are some examples of the kind of [aims/goals] you might set yourself .

Now that you 've thought long and hard about goals and objectives , let 's get back to the nitty-gritty of finding and getting a job .
now that you 've thought long and hard about goals and [aims/goals] , let 's get back to the nitty-gritty of finding and getting a job .

The trouble with the ‘ functional ’ approach , however , is that it carries with it the risk that you will omit general considerations such as overall objectives and strategy .
the trouble with the ‘ functional ’ approach , however , is that it carries with it the risk that you will omit general considerations such as overall [aims/goals] and strategy .

When the company was formed , the Board of Directors agreed that one of its objectives should be to expand as and when opportunity offered .
when the company was formed , the board of directors agreed that one of its [aims/goals] should be to expand as and when opportunity offered .

Your Board is supported by an able and dedicated team of executives who are totally committed to Palatine and its objectives .
your board is supported by an able and dedicated team of executives who are totally committed to palatine and its [aims/goals] .

Anglo-Welsh have stated that one of their principal objectives is ‘ to lay the foundations in North West England for a regional business of sufficient scale , depth of resources and range of products to compete effectively against larger operators ’ .
anglo-welsh have stated that one of their principal [aims/goals] is ‘ to lay the foundations in north west england for a regional business of sufficient scale , depth of resources and range of products to compete effectively against larger operators ’ .

The directors , who met weekly , acted as a house committee , and the minutes of their meetings show them to have been diligent in pursuing the objectives set out in the preamble to the Act of Parliament which had brought them into existence .
the directors , who met weekly , acted as a house committee , and the minutes of their meetings show them to have been diligent in pursuing the [aims/goals] set out in the preamble to the act of parliament which had brought them into existence .

This content has to be packaged to identify the ‘ knowledge , skills and understanding which pupils of different abilities and maturities ’ are to attain at ages seven , 11 , 14 and 16 ; that is the objectives , means and evaluation of each .
this content has to be packaged to identify the ‘ knowledge , skills and understanding which pupils of different abilities and maturities ’ are to attain at ages seven , 11 , 14 and 16 ; that is the [aims/goals] , means and evaluation of each .

Descriptive studies of pre-school education ( Parry and Archer 1974 , Gilkes 1987 ) have illuminated the debate to some extent and aims and objectives approaches to curriculum design can serve as pragmatic guidelines in the absence of a consensus about short and longer term criteria for early childhood education .
descriptive studies of pre-school education ( parry and archer 1974 , gilkes 1987 ) have illuminated the debate to some extent and aims and [aims/goals] approaches to curriculum design can serve as pragmatic guidelines in the absence of a consensus about short and longer term criteria for early childhood education .

The concept of ‘ teaching by objectives ’ , and regular progress monitoring , can be regarded as offering a system whereby no child slips through the net .
the concept of ‘ teaching by [aims/goals] ’ , and regular progress monitoring , can be regarded as offering a system whereby no child slips through the net .

It is now recognised that the tasks and skills to be learned by children with severe learning difficulties have to be analysed precisely and that the setting of small , clearly defined incremental objectives for individual pupils is a necessary part of programme planning . ( Warnock , para 11.57 )
it is now recognised that the tasks and skills to be learned by children with severe learning difficulties have to be analysed precisely and that the setting of small , clearly defined incremental [aims/goals] for individual pupils is a necessary part of programme planning . ( warnock , para 11.57 )

the philosophy and objectives of the 1981 Education Act , which went some way to implementing the Warnock recommendations , are not much in evidence in the latest legislation .
the philosophy and [aims/goals] of the 1981 education act , which went some way to implementing the warnock recommendations , are not much in evidence in the latest legislation .

Some sociologists , strongly influenced by American sources , became converted to ethnomethodology , which set out completely to recast the objectives of sociological enquiry ( see pp .
some sociologists , strongly influenced by american sources , became converted to ethnomethodology , which set out completely to recast the [aims/goals] of sociological enquiry ( see pp .

This will almost invariably be linked to the policy objectives of the sponsoring organization .
this will almost invariably be linked to the policy [aims/goals] of the sponsoring organization .

With the departure of some key figures , the paper appeared to change its intended style and its original objectives .
with the departure of some key figures , the paper appeared to change its intended style and its original [aims/goals] .

Second , because governments and ministers still retain political objectives and motivations , they will attempt to guard jealously information within their purview and to use it in such ways as to influence and direct public opinion .
second , because governments and ministers still retain political [aims/goals] and motivations , they will attempt to guard jealously information within their purview and to use it in such ways as to influence and direct public opinion .

The failure to achieve many of these desired objectives has been apparent .
the failure to achieve many of these desired [aims/goals] has been apparent .

They failed to achieve their objectives and , in a sense , they were bound to fail because their power , based as it was on financial and propagandist resources , was no match for established constitutional and democratic procedures .
they failed to achieve their [aims/goals] and , in a sense , they were bound to fail because their power , based as it was on financial and propagandist resources , was no match for established constitutional and democratic procedures .

It is through the setting of objectives and the process of resource allocation that control can be exercised on branches of the media and that control remains with the proprietors .
it is through the setting of [aims/goals] and the process of resource allocation that control can be exercised on branches of the media and that control remains with the proprietors .

Secondly , the Soviets ' penchant for canvassing exhaustively for the best and cheapest may succeed in these objectives , but at the cost of enormous delay between the time when applications are approved and machinery actually installed .
secondly , the soviets ' penchant for canvassing exhaustively for the best and cheapest may succeed in these [aims/goals] , but at the cost of enormous delay between the time when applications are approved and machinery actually installed .

Today , as in 1947 , Soviet domination of Eastern Europe accomplishes five fundamental objectives :
today , as in 1947 , soviet domination of eastern europe accomplishes five fundamental [aims/goals] :

But the working class failed to take State power … and to secure its objectives in critical situations .
but the working class failed to take state power … and to secure its [aims/goals] in critical situations .

Or , on the other , it could be claimed that these were long-term objectives and that the animal was conscious only of intermediate ends ; the hyena was following the promptings of its hunger .
or , on the other , it could be claimed that these were long-term [aims/goals] and that the animal was conscious only of intermediate ends ; the hyena was following the promptings of its hunger .

For example , students may opt to take a specialist module in Graphics for Screen Media , the objectives of which include critical study of the application of graphic design to electronic publications and investigation of the design initiation and design development procedures for electronic publications .
for example , students may opt to take a specialist module in graphics for screen media , the [aims/goals] of which include critical study of the application of graphic design to electronic publications and investigation of the design initiation and design development procedures for electronic publications .

Shirk 's work , already alluded to , focused on the ways high school students in the 1960s pursued their own objectives within a highly politicised social setting .
shirk 's work , already alluded to , focused on the ways high school students in the 1960s pursued their own [aims/goals] within a highly politicised social setting .

Each goal is subserved by a set of smaller-step objectives .
each goal is subserved by a set of smaller-step [aims/goals] .

The content of the parts in terms of goals and objectives is as follows .
the content of the parts in terms of goals and [aims/goals] is as follows .

This goal is subserved by three objectives :
this goal is subserved by three [aims/goals] :

This goal is subserved by three objectives :
this goal is subserved by three [aims/goals] :

This goal is subserved by two objectives :
this goal is subserved by two [aims/goals] :

The objectives in Parts 1 and 2 provided a way of thinking about behavioural problems and a set of general methods for dealing with these problems .
the [aims/goals] in parts 1 and 2 provided a way of thinking about behavioural problems and a set of general methods for dealing with these problems .

This goal is subserved by three objectives :
this goal is subserved by three [aims/goals] :

The support given should be that necessary to carry out your objectives .
the support given should be that necessary to carry out your [aims/goals] .

First , it is necessary to determine one or more behavioural teaching objectives .
first , it is necessary to determine one or more behavioural teaching [aims/goals] .

Fourth , using this information , it should be possible to establish a sequence of intermediate teaching objectives .
fourth , using this information , it should be possible to establish a sequence of intermediate teaching [aims/goals] .

These will define the behaviours which a child must learn in order to move from her existing pattern of responses to those described in the teaching objectives .
these will define the behaviours which a child must learn in order to move from her existing pattern of responses to those described in the teaching [aims/goals] .

Finally , the programme should describe a set of teaching procedures which will create the necessary contingent relations between the child 's language and environmental events to ensure that the child progresses along the sequence of teaching objectives .
finally , the programme should describe a set of teaching procedures which will create the necessary contingent relations between the child 's language and environmental events to ensure that the child progresses along the sequence of teaching [aims/goals] .

It is not clear whether this motivation arises from a pragmatic desire to influence other people in order to achieve common objectives , or whether social interactions act as a catalyst for the child 's intrinsic curiosity about language as a system for communicating with other people .
it is not clear whether this motivation arises from a pragmatic desire to influence other people in order to achieve common [aims/goals] , or whether social interactions act as a catalyst for the child 's intrinsic curiosity about language as a system for communicating with other people .

While some checklists may simply identify a list of ‘ useful linguistic skills ’ which may serve as a selection menu with few constraints on the sequence in which separate items are taught , those which are based on a developmental sequence place strong constraints on the selection of teaching objectives .
while some checklists may simply identify a list of ‘ useful linguistic skills ’ which may serve as a selection menu with few constraints on the sequence in which separate items are taught , those which are based on a developmental sequence place strong constraints on the selection of teaching [aims/goals] .

If the checklist is to be used as a basis for intervention , large ‘ developmental gaps ’ between items will require that the teacher or therapist is able to devise suitable intermediate objectives to bridge the gap between items .
if the checklist is to be used as a basis for intervention , large ‘ developmental gaps ’ between items will require that the teacher or therapist is able to devise suitable intermediate [aims/goals] to bridge the gap between items .

Because of the claims made by test constructors in relation to the numerical scores which can be derived from tests and the very considerable technical demands required to meet these assessment objectives , it is necessary to evaluate language tests against a number of well-established criteria ( McCauley and Swisher 1984 ) .
because of the claims made by test constructors in relation to the numerical scores which can be derived from tests and the very considerable technical demands required to meet these assessment [aims/goals] , it is necessary to evaluate language tests against a number of well-established criteria ( mccauley and swisher 1984 ) .

Stewart Hulse , team leader of the Langdale and Ambleside Mountain Rescue Team , has some harsh words for youth groups who set out onto the Lakeland Fells , determined to complete their objectives at all costs .
stewart hulse , team leader of the langdale and ambleside mountain rescue team , has some harsh words for youth groups who set out onto the lakeland fells , determined to complete their [aims/goals] at all costs .

It would cause disruption to the terrorists ' objectives , he said .
it would cause disruption to the terrorists ' [aims/goals] , he said .

When in the state sector , firms may be subjected to the imposition of economic and social objectives and , in particular , interference in pricing and investment decisions .
when in the state sector , firms may be subjected to the imposition of economic and social [aims/goals] and , in particular , interference in pricing and investment decisions .

These should be major counselling objectives , and encouraging an ageing person to be part of such a group would indeed constitute a major counselling success .
these should be major counselling [aims/goals] , and encouraging an ageing person to be part of such a group would indeed constitute a major counselling success .

The best possible outcome of the counselling process is where individuals actually begin to feel sufficiently confident to act on their own initiative , on their own behalf , and to follow the objectives that best match their own ideas about themselves and their lives .
the best possible outcome of the counselling process is where individuals actually begin to feel sufficiently confident to act on their own initiative , on their own behalf , and to follow the [aims/goals] that best match their own ideas about themselves and their lives .

Whilst many families spend a significant part of their lives together , and their needs are usually closely linked , individual members do not always share the same objectives in relation to each other .
whilst many families spend a significant part of their lives together , and their needs are usually closely linked , individual members do not always share the same [aims/goals] in relation to each other .

Often these objectives are mutually incompatible and it is from such incompatibility , and the misunderstandings that arise from it , that many social and emotional problems experienced by older people arise .
often these [aims/goals] are mutually incompatible and it is from such incompatibility , and the misunderstandings that arise from it , that many social and emotional problems experienced by older people arise .

How such paradoxical objectives are handled will depend upon the individual counsellor .
how such paradoxical [aims/goals] are handled will depend upon the individual counsellor .

Early experiences shape the way we face up to and deal with problems and crises ; the way we cope with disappointments ; the way we form relationships ; the way we construct personal aims and objectives ; the way we develop strategies for fulfilling needs and desires ; and the way we build a system of social and moral values and attitudes .
early experiences shape the way we face up to and deal with problems and crises ; the way we cope with disappointments ; the way we form relationships ; the way we construct personal aims and [aims/goals] ; the way we develop strategies for fulfilling needs and desires ; and the way we build a system of social and moral values and attitudes .

Asking for further training if necessary , a change in job definition or conditions , and for information about any future changes that may affect your objectives .
asking for further training if necessary , a change in job definition or conditions , and for information about any future changes that may affect your [aims/goals] .

Perhaps one of the reasons why politicians as a breed are such unpopular people is because of the indiscriminate use of threats to meet their own objectives .
perhaps one of the reasons why politicians as a breed are such unpopular people is because of the indiscriminate use of threats to meet their own [aims/goals] .

Through its support for the war and its positive participation in the construction of the war economy the Labour movement helped to create a fund of popular support for socialist objectives .
through its support for the war and its positive participation in the construction of the war economy the labour movement helped to create a fund of popular support for socialist [aims/goals] .

You will have reality thrust upon you in regard to long-term objectives and will need to be far more structured in your thinking and planning .
you will have reality thrust upon you in regard to long-term [aims/goals] and will need to be far more structured in your thinking and planning .

The more uncertain and defensive you are , the more difficult it will be to attain your objectives .
the more uncertain and defensive you are , the more difficult it will be to attain your [aims/goals] .

You can be truly successful this year , especially if you have learned to diversify at the same time as pursuing the well-beaten track to your objectives .
you can be truly successful this year , especially if you have learned to diversify at the same time as pursuing the well-beaten track to your [aims/goals] .

Strategic objectives
strategic [aims/goals]

Pearl 's invitation to tender set out several important objectives .
pearl 's invitation to tender set out several important [aims/goals] .

‘ If firms want to take it seriously , they 'll need to take a long hard look at what sort of performance objectives are being applied and whether they are actually appropriate .
‘ if firms want to take it seriously , they 'll need to take a long hard look at what sort of performance [aims/goals] are being applied and whether they are actually appropriate .

As these costs are incurred in pursuance of the group 's investment objectives , which include the attainment of long-term capital growth , the directors have decided , after consultation with the auditors ( Ernst & Young ) , to charge 50% of the investment division 's operating costs to the investment realisation profits reserve .
as these costs are incurred in pursuance of the group 's investment [aims/goals] , which include the attainment of long-term capital growth , the directors have decided , after consultation with the auditors ( ernst & young ) , to charge 50% of the investment division 's operating costs to the investment realisation profits reserve .

The Green Paper is a discussion document ; it includes an analysis of the current situation in the member states , postal services problems facing the Community , objectives to be attained and possible solutions .
the green paper is a discussion document ; it includes an analysis of the current situation in the member states , postal services problems facing the community , [aims/goals] to be attained and possible solutions .

This is one of the objectives of the consultation process .
this is one of the [aims/goals] of the consultation process .

With such a framework of authority , which is clearly a top-down one , objectives and targets can be set for managers , and indeed all in the enterprise .
with such a framework of authority , which is clearly a top-down one , [aims/goals] and targets can be set for managers , and indeed all in the enterprise .

Performance is measured against objectives so ensuring that the contract is fulfilled .
performance is measured against [aims/goals] so ensuring that the contract is fulfilled .

That some of this waste is unavoidable is probably true , for the aggressive instinct seems never to be satisfied with entirely impersonal objectives .
that some of this waste is unavoidable is probably true , for the aggressive instinct seems never to be satisfied with entirely impersonal [aims/goals] .

This is not the usual stuff — chargeable hours and so on — it is a higher level of objectives .
this is not the usual stuff — chargeable hours and so on — it is a higher level of [aims/goals] .

The proportion allocated , it says , reflects an assessment of the activities undertaken by the manager in pursuit of the company 's investment objectives .
the proportion allocated , it says , reflects an assessment of the activities undertaken by the manager in pursuit of the company 's investment [aims/goals] .

The objectives of this disclosure requirement are to highlight instances where there are departures from specific rules in the Act and to provide the reader of the accounts with information on the position had the normal rules in the Act been applied .
the [aims/goals] of this disclosure requirement are to highlight instances where there are departures from specific rules in the act and to provide the reader of the accounts with information on the position had the normal rules in the act been applied .

‘ The level of investment is quite substantial and one does not go into this sort of operation for short-term objectives .
‘ the level of investment is quite substantial and one does not go into this sort of operation for short-term [aims/goals] .

And although the scheme has achieved its initial objectives it presently has 85 students at 11 organisations with the majority at the National Audit Office the Institute ‘ may need to re-examine its general approach to industrial and commercial organisations ’ , if it hopes to extend the range of its training opportunities .
and although the scheme has achieved its initial [aims/goals] it presently has 85 students at 11 organisations with the majority at the national audit office the institute ‘ may need to re-examine its general approach to industrial and commercial organisations ’ , if it hopes to extend the range of its training opportunities .

When the Institute was recognised as a supervisory body in August 1991 , John Redwood , Minister for Corporate Affairs , outlined his views of the new regime 's objectives .
when the institute was recognised as a supervisory body in august 1991 , john redwood , minister for corporate affairs , outlined his views of the new regime 's [aims/goals] .

It follows that firms may receive two letters from the Institute about the same complaint , approaching the issue from different angles and with different objectives .
it follows that firms may receive two letters from the institute about the same complaint , approaching the issue from different angles and with different [aims/goals] .

Eye-catching covers ; good print size ; a clear statement of aims , objectives and achievements early on in the report ; and positive stimuli to attract potential donors , were all features that appealed strongly to the judges .
eye-catching covers ; good print size ; a clear statement of aims , [aims/goals] and achievements early on in the report ; and positive stimuli to attract potential donors , were all features that appealed strongly to the judges .

It also offered well set out objectives on the first page and a good page-by-page summary of activities .
it also offered well set out [aims/goals] on the first page and a good page-by-page summary of activities .

St Katharine 's report gave a good opening statement of objectives , an excellent description of community involvement , and made effective use of two colours .
st katharine 's report gave a good opening statement of [aims/goals] , an excellent description of community involvement , and made effective use of two colours .

Despite making good use of quotations and explaining its objectives clearly and quickly , the accounts lacked notes , and it also failed to explain one of its funds sufficiently .
despite making good use of quotations and explaining its [aims/goals] clearly and quickly , the accounts lacked notes , and it also failed to explain one of its funds sufficiently .

Despite claims of outside political intervention and an inflammatory speech by Cobbett at Battle the riots were essentially spontaneous local outbreaks with distinct objectives , particularly the modest raising of wages , which was largely successful , with many labourers receiving another 2s a week .
despite claims of outside political intervention and an inflammatory speech by cobbett at battle the riots were essentially spontaneous local outbreaks with distinct [aims/goals] , particularly the modest raising of wages , which was largely successful , with many labourers receiving another 2s a week .

The teaching task is to see that the techniques that are used are effective in promoting learning objectives , so they have to be designed to account for specific contexts of instruction .
the teaching task is to see that the techniques that are used are effective in promoting learning [aims/goals] , so they have to be designed to account for specific contexts of instruction .

To meet senior executives ' needs , the information must enable them to monitor and control the organisation 's activities against its strategy and objectives , and contribute to an effective strategic decision-making process .
to meet senior executives ' needs , the information must enable them to monitor and control the organisation 's activities against its strategy and [aims/goals] , and contribute to an effective strategic decision-making process .

They should monitor its performance against specified objectives , with milestones along the way .
they should monitor its performance against specified [aims/goals] , with milestones along the way .

The information must be matched to the business 's objectives and critical success factors .
the information must be matched to the business 's [aims/goals] and critical success factors .

Although one need look no further than the Institute 's mission statement to appreciate that it sees members ' interests as very much secondary to the public interest , it might be reassuring for practising members to know that the Institute , nevertheless , recognises their concerns and has taken proper account of them in determining its long-term objectives .
although one need look no further than the institute 's mission statement to appreciate that it sees members ' interests as very much secondary to the public interest , it might be reassuring for practising members to know that the institute , nevertheless , recognises their concerns and has taken proper account of them in determining its long-term [aims/goals] .

The section of the Manifesto entitled The Institute and Professional Success does list a number of detailed objectives that might be expected to help firms increase their profitability , the most important of which is that ‘ unless required by public interest , the Institute should not seek to impose regulations which have the effect of restricting the freedom of members to succeed professionally and commercially ’ .
the section of the manifesto entitled the institute and professional success does list a number of detailed [aims/goals] that might be expected to help firms increase their profitability , the most important of which is that ‘ unless required by public interest , the institute should not seek to impose regulations which have the effect of restricting the freedom of members to succeed professionally and commercially ’ .

To ‘ work to ensure a system of legal liability for members which provides a reasonable balance between the interests of auditors , preparers and users of accounts ’ is ranked 14th in a list of 15 detailed objectives , which does not encourage one to believe that it is being given a proper priority .
to ‘ work to ensure a system of legal liability for members which provides a reasonable balance between the interests of auditors , preparers and users of accounts ’ is ranked 14th in a list of 15 detailed [aims/goals] , which does not encourage one to believe that it is being given a proper priority .

Among the subjects the report would like to see companies publish in their annual reports are details on environmental policy ; environmental objectives ; information on action taken and the costs of passing environmental objectives ; compliance with regulations ; significant environmental risks not disclosed as contingent liabilities ; and key features of external audit reports on the enterprise 's environmental activities .
among the subjects the report would like to see companies publish in their annual reports are details on environmental policy ; environmental [aims/goals] ; information on action taken and the costs of passing environmental [aims/goals] ; compliance with regulations ; significant environmental risks not disclosed as contingent liabilities ; and key features of external audit reports on the enterprise 's environmental activities .

The format of the day was : morning session — a lecture on the forensic accountant as an expert witness in civil litigation , focusing on the preparation of the expert 's report and its aims and objectives , followed by a mock trial of a civil case ; afternoon session — a lecture on the role of the forensic accountant in criminal proceedings , focusing on the importance of the accountant in the investigative stage of the proceedings and the preparation of the expert 's report , followed by a mock trial of a criminal case .
the format of the day was : morning session — a lecture on the forensic accountant as an expert witness in civil litigation , focusing on the preparation of the expert 's report and its aims and [aims/goals] , followed by a mock trial of a civil case ; afternoon session — a lecture on the role of the forensic accountant in criminal proceedings , focusing on the importance of the accountant in the investigative stage of the proceedings and the preparation of the expert 's report , followed by a mock trial of a criminal case .

Most professionals agree with the Bill 's objectives — to apply the principles of the Registered Homes Act 1984 to domiciliary care .
most professionals agree with the bill 's [aims/goals] — to apply the principles of the registered homes act 1984 to domiciliary care .

The objectives were to help organisations assess their readiness to purchase and deliver services , individually and jointly ; to plot relationships between agencies ; and to set benchmarks for measuring progress ; and to agree priorities for action .
the [aims/goals] were to help organisations assess their readiness to purchase and deliver services , individually and jointly ; to plot relationships between agencies ; and to set benchmarks for measuring progress ; and to agree priorities for action .

’ In fact , the majority of World Bank loans meet their objectives of improving the lives of the poorest people in the world .
’ in fact , the majority of world bank loans meet their [aims/goals] of improving the lives of the poorest people in the world .

As we have already seen , this involved the abandonment of the metaphysics of freedom , responsibility and desert in favour of the practical objectives of reformation , prevention and the protection of society .
as we have already seen , this involved the abandonment of the metaphysics of freedom , responsibility and desert in favour of the practical [aims/goals] of reformation , prevention and the protection of society .

Even if working-class crime is promoted by the same features of capitalism as produce socialist consciousness this is no basis for automatically equating them : working-class crime may express purely personal goals or , if there are some wider underlying objectives , they can not necessarily be assumed to be socialist ones .
even if working-class crime is promoted by the same features of capitalism as produce socialist consciousness this is no basis for automatically equating them : working-class crime may express purely personal goals or , if there are some wider underlying [aims/goals] , they can not necessarily be assumed to be socialist ones .

The problem with the ‘ return to justice ’ is the same problem that classical criminology reacted against : retributive justice seems pointless and irrational ; it has no practical objectives in relation to crime — unlike deterrence , rehabilitation , restitution and reconciliation .
the problem with the ‘ return to justice ’ is the same problem that classical criminology reacted against : retributive justice seems pointless and irrational ; it has no practical [aims/goals] in relation to crime — unlike deterrence , rehabilitation , restitution and reconciliation .

The incompatibility of justice and correction as penal objectives has long been , and still remains , the major unsolved problem of penal practice and consequently remains a major issue for the correctionalist stance in criminology .
the incompatibility of justice and correction as penal [aims/goals] has long been , and still remains , the major unsolved problem of penal practice and consequently remains a major issue for the correctionalist stance in criminology .

By the second year , it had moved from a sectoral base to a country base , to help achieve cross-sector policy objectives .
by the second year , it had moved from a sectoral base to a country base , to help achieve cross-sector policy [aims/goals] .

Nobody in his administration has yet explained , simply and plainly , what America 's interests and objectives in the Balkans are .
nobody in his administration has yet explained , simply and plainly , what america 's interests and [aims/goals] in the balkans are .

Sceptics might feel that they betrayed a lack of informed thought on the issue of objectives ; and certainly a good deal of the time of the economic planners , the Treasury , the Ministry and the industry over the following decades was to be devoted to the search for more meaningful objectives and standards of performance to supplement these minimal statutory requirements .
sceptics might feel that they betrayed a lack of informed thought on the issue of [aims/goals] ; and certainly a good deal of the time of the economic planners , the treasury , the ministry and the industry over the following decades was to be devoted to the search for more meaningful [aims/goals] and standards of performance to supplement these minimal statutory requirements .

At the time , however , they were accepted ( indeed assiduously pored over and frequently quoted by Citrine and others ) as embodying two widely-approved aspirations : firstly , a general desire to spread the benefits of cheap electricity widely ( with the ‘ public interest ’ implicitly seen as overriding the tyranny of the profit-and-loss account ) ; and secondly ( but not entirely consistently ) the view that these economic objectives should be pursued not through political or civil service channels but by the ‘ business ’ board of a public corporation with some genuine independence .
at the time , however , they were accepted ( indeed assiduously pored over and frequently quoted by citrine and others ) as embodying two widely-approved aspirations : firstly , a general desire to spread the benefits of cheap electricity widely ( with the ‘ public interest ’ implicitly seen as overriding the tyranny of the profit-and-loss account ) ; and secondly ( but not entirely consistently ) the view that these economic [aims/goals] should be pursued not through political or civil service channels but by the ‘ business ’ board of a public corporation with some genuine independence .

Holman stresses that poor parents may well share the child care values and objectives of the wider society , but are prevented from achieving them by depriving environments .
holman stresses that poor parents may well share the child care values and [aims/goals] of the wider society , but are prevented from achieving them by depriving environments .

In reality , according to this view , only certain groups of children and parents are interfered with by state agencies , with the objectives of upholding dominant values about child rearing , maintaining particular sorts of socialisation , and , to some degree , redistributing deprived children to members of more powerful social groups who , for various reasons , desire to care for them .
in reality , according to this view , only certain groups of children and parents are interfered with by state agencies , with the [aims/goals] of upholding dominant values about child rearing , maintaining particular sorts of socialisation , and , to some degree , redistributing deprived children to members of more powerful social groups who , for various reasons , desire to care for them .

There are some within education who quarrel with an approach which , with an emphasis on objectives and skill development , appears to require little more than continuing compliance from pupils .
there are some within education who quarrel with an approach which , with an emphasis on [aims/goals] and skill development , appears to require little more than continuing compliance from pupils .

For efficiency and confidentiality , the conference is expected to have a clear set of objectives , and to be restricted to those people directly involved with the child and the family concerned , and those who need to know about or have a contribution to make to the tasks involved .
for efficiency and confidentiality , the conference is expected to have a clear set of [aims/goals] , and to be restricted to those people directly involved with the child and the family concerned , and those who need to know about or have a contribution to make to the tasks involved .

Traditionally these different functions and objectives have been regarded as somewhat incompatible .
traditionally these different functions and [aims/goals] have been regarded as somewhat incompatible .

Max Caulfield , in his biography of Mrs Whitehouse , sums up the argument in one sentence , saying ‘ as to the purpose of all this frenzy it was easy to explain that the forces of revolution , unable to achieve their objectives at the ballot box or , because of the existence of the nuclear bomb , by full-scale war , were endeavouring to encourage moral decay ’ .
max caulfield , in his biography of mrs whitehouse , sums up the argument in one sentence , saying ‘ as to the purpose of all this frenzy it was easy to explain that the forces of revolution , unable to achieve their [aims/goals] at the ballot box or , because of the existence of the nuclear bomb , by full-scale war , were endeavouring to encourage moral decay ’ .

Even Mr Alphandéry worries lest ‘ in the framework of ’ imply that French monetary policy will still be subjugated to politicians ' general economic objectives .
even mr alphandéry worries lest ‘ in the framework of ’ imply that french monetary policy will still be subjugated to politicians ' general economic [aims/goals] .

Research in the United States has shown the inadequacy of the sheltered workshop model where commercial objectives limit access for those with severe disabilities and where transfer to open employment is very limited .
research in the united states has shown the inadequacy of the sheltered workshop model where commercial [aims/goals] limit access for those with severe disabilities and where transfer to open employment is very limited .

Perhaps , not surprisingly , in a short space of time life skills training has become detached from the wider objectives associated with liberal humanist education : the point being that teaching young people about society has been replaced by criteria designed to alter their relationship with it . ( Gleeson 1990 : 188 )
perhaps , not surprisingly , in a short space of time life skills training has become detached from the wider [aims/goals] associated with liberal humanist education : the point being that teaching young people about society has been replaced by criteria designed to alter their relationship with it . ( gleeson 1990 : 188 )

In both cases the parents ' resignation to the inevitability of the assessment outcome arose from their having no opportunity to determine or seriously influence the objectives of the assessment nor to contribute to the conceptual framework within which their children 's needs were being assessed .
in both cases the parents ' resignation to the inevitability of the assessment outcome arose from their having no opportunity to determine or seriously influence the [aims/goals] of the assessment nor to contribute to the conceptual framework within which their children 's needs were being assessed .

Whereas at first she had welcomed the assessment she later came to the view that she was being given no say in the objectives of the assessment .
whereas at first she had welcomed the assessment she later came to the view that she was being given no say in the [aims/goals] of the assessment .

In listing the objectives that shape the exhibition , Whitney museum curator Elizabeth Sussman said her team of curators searched for ‘ the best new work that speaks to us in a compelling manner and in some cases challenges conventional ideas about artmaking .
in listing the [aims/goals] that shape the exhibition , whitney museum curator elizabeth sussman said her team of curators searched for ‘ the best new work that speaks to us in a compelling manner and in some cases challenges conventional ideas about artmaking .

But here we must beware : to speak of lost opportunities and clear objectives introduces an element of political calculation into Anselm 's motives which is quite foreign to him .
but here we must beware : to speak of lost opportunities and clear [aims/goals] introduces an element of political calculation into anselm 's motives which is quite foreign to him .

In the main , Henry 's personal objectives were not very different from Anselm 's : he too wanted a well organized church , clergy who obeyed the rules of clerical life , and monasteries which met the needs of a feudal kingdom and baronage .
in the main , henry 's personal [aims/goals] were not very different from anselm 's : he too wanted a well organized church , clergy who obeyed the rules of clerical life , and monasteries which met the needs of a feudal kingdom and baronage .

The museum has two objectives now : to display costumes from its collection of 50,000 objects throughout the year ; and to reclaim its role as the preeminent institution of costume scholarship .
the museum has two [aims/goals] now : to display costumes from its collection of 50,000 objects throughout the year ; and to reclaim its role as the preeminent institution of costume scholarship .

The objectives of these centres are to increase the numbers of orangs living wild and to educate Indonesians and Malaysians in the need to protect both the forests and their inhabitants .
the [aims/goals] of these centres are to increase the numbers of orangs living wild and to educate indonesians and malaysians in the need to protect both the forests and their inhabitants .

However , two main objectives remained central to the movement throughout the period : early retirement combined with adequate state pensions .
however , two main [aims/goals] remained central to the movement throughout the period : early retirement combined with adequate state pensions .

In pursuance of his objectives , Ernest Bevin took the lead in negotiating a cooperative arrangement with France and the Low Countries .
in pursuance of his [aims/goals] , ernest bevin took the lead in negotiating a cooperative arrangement with france and the low countries .

It seems clear that Britain at least did not envisage any institutional structures beyond this , yet some form of framework would have been necessary if all the objectives of the treaty were to be properly fulfilled .
it seems clear that britain at least did not envisage any institutional structures beyond this , yet some form of framework would have been necessary if all the [aims/goals] of the treaty were to be properly fulfilled .

They had two primary objectives : to develop some semblance of supranational authority , and to strengthen the Assembly vis-à-vis the Committee of Ministers .
they had two primary [aims/goals] : to develop some semblance of supranational authority , and to strengthen the assembly vis-à-vis the committee of ministers .

Its objectives were to be quite ambitious : to vet proposed national legislation and to submit proposals for new legislation in such a way that conformity of objective and practice would be achieved , and also to ensure a coordinated joint Nordic view at international conferences .
its [aims/goals] were to be quite ambitious : to vet proposed national legislation and to submit proposals for new legislation in such a way that conformity of objective and practice would be achieved , and also to ensure a coordinated joint nordic view at international conferences .

Late in 1950 the French Minister of Agriculture , Pierre Pflimlin , announced at the Council of Europe — and proposed later in March 1951 to the non-member states of Austria , Portugal and Switzerland — something which amounted to a second Schuman Plan , in that it contained similar ultimate objectives : a common market directed by supranational institutions .
late in 1950 the french minister of agriculture , pierre pflimlin , announced at the council of europe — and proposed later in march 1951 to the non-member states of austria , portugal and switzerland — something which amounted to a second schuman plan , in that it contained similar ultimate [aims/goals] : a common market directed by supranational institutions .

The Pleven Plan , like other suggestions that had recently come out of the Council of Europe , followed the outline and objectives of the Schuman Plan very closely .
the pleven plan , like other suggestions that had recently come out of the council of europe , followed the outline and [aims/goals] of the schuman plan very closely .

This was true of the declared intention to establish not just a common commercial policy once the transitional period had been concluded , but also of objectives which were to be sought during the transitional phase : a common transport policy , free movement of workers , and a common agricultural policy .
this was true of the declared intention to establish not just a common commercial policy once the transitional period had been concluded , but also of [aims/goals] which were to be sought during the transitional phase : a common transport policy , free movement of workers , and a common agricultural policy .

Ideally this does not ensue from flagrant compromises in outlook and working methods but rather as a result of being true to real aims and objectives .
ideally this does not ensue from flagrant compromises in outlook and working methods but rather as a result of being true to real aims and [aims/goals] .

But then , in terms of language teaching objectives , Upgrade your English is likewise ambitious in its scope and depth .
but then , in terms of language teaching [aims/goals] , upgrade your english is likewise ambitious in its scope and depth .

Teachers and students will appreciate the clear objectives and simple layout .
teachers and students will appreciate the clear [aims/goals] and simple layout .

To what extent were the forms of antislavery activity developed in struggle with the organisation and institutional structures of the West Indian interest ; did the forms change according to changing objectives ?
to what extent were the forms of antislavery activity developed in struggle with the organisation and institutional structures of the west indian interest ; did the forms change according to changing [aims/goals] ?

This was a matter both of the outlook of individuals and groups and the product of periodic reassessments by abolitionists of both circumstances and objectives and therefore of the most appropriate forms of activity .
this was a matter both of the outlook of individuals and groups and the product of periodic reassessments by abolitionists of both circumstances and [aims/goals] and therefore of the most appropriate forms of activity .

One of the major objectives of the account was to reapportion credit within the movement since much of it had been misappropriated by those who had done little or only appeared after emancipation in 1834 .
one of the major [aims/goals] of the account was to reapportion credit within the movement since much of it had been misappropriated by those who had done little or only appeared after emancipation in 1834 .

And yet have things changed so radically ? We may have moved on from the steel nib and the blackboard , but are we not educating our children for much the same reasons as we were 50 years ago ? The changes we see in our classrooms have been in style rather than in objectives .
and yet have things changed so radically ? we may have moved on from the steel nib and the blackboard , but are we not educating our children for much the same reasons as we were 50 years ago ? the changes we see in our classrooms have been in style rather than in [aims/goals] .

The Education Act of 1981 required that each school prepare a document which set out for parents its aims , objectives , organisation and curriculum policy .
the education act of 1981 required that each school prepare a document which set out for parents its aims , [aims/goals] , organisation and curriculum policy .

More recently , in the third wave of technology the man has been removed from the responsibility for continuous control ( this is best done by computers working to a moderately flexible range of programs ) but he remains as the monitor of the system performance and a selector of the appropriate program determined by the changing short-term objectives .
more recently , in the third wave of technology the man has been removed from the responsibility for continuous control ( this is best done by computers working to a moderately flexible range of programs ) but he remains as the monitor of the system performance and a selector of the appropriate program determined by the changing short-term [aims/goals] .

There is rarely any conflict in that good ergonomics is in line with the objectives of the worker , the employer and the consumer or customer .
there is rarely any conflict in that good ergonomics is in line with the [aims/goals] of the worker , the employer and the consumer or customer .

The objectives are to help members of the public to find their way through this information store and to transmit their orders for particular journeys or holidays to the providers of those services .
the [aims/goals] are to help members of the public to find their way through this information store and to transmit their orders for particular journeys or holidays to the providers of those services .

The questions begin with the formulation of the design objectives .
the questions begin with the formulation of the design [aims/goals] .

When there are a number of individuals or groups from different disciplines and pursuing different objectives within some overall specification it is obviously crucial that all their activities should be in line with the common goal .
when there are a number of individuals or groups from different disciplines and pursuing different [aims/goals] within some overall specification it is obviously crucial that all their activities should be in line with the common goal .

The emphasis on defining the system in terms of its purposes or objectives and analysing it in terms of its functions are the characteristics of the systems approach .
the emphasis on defining the system in terms of its purposes or [aims/goals] and analysing it in terms of its functions are the characteristics of the systems approach .

The ergonomics emphasis will be on the human operator as the navigator moving towards the system objectives supported by various mechanisms .
the ergonomics emphasis will be on the human operator as the navigator moving towards the system [aims/goals] supported by various mechanisms .

In general , he works on the principle of minimal effort to achieve the required objectives in terms of both speed and quality .
in general , he works on the principle of minimal effort to achieve the required [aims/goals] in terms of both speed and quality .

In social situations it has to be recognised that there is at least one other sentient being present who has his own objectives which might accord with or oppose those of the first person .
in social situations it has to be recognised that there is at least one other sentient being present who has his own [aims/goals] which might accord with or oppose those of the first person .

What seems to happen is that an individual , given his arrival in a situation , reviews it in the context of his own objectives and decides that if he takes certain actions , the situation will change in the direction of his objectives .
what seems to happen is that an individual , given his arrival in a situation , reviews it in the context of his own [aims/goals] and decides that if he takes certain actions , the situation will change in the direction of his [aims/goals] .

If they correspond , then all is well , his concept of the situation is confirmed and he can progress to the next step in the context of his objectives .
if they correspond , then all is well , his concept of the situation is confirmed and he can progress to the next step in the context of his [aims/goals] .

’ This is the kind of data which is not relevant to his objectives and thus it is not recorded in his model .
’ this is the kind of data which is not relevant to his [aims/goals] and thus it is not recorded in his model .

This limits the potential rigour of design because the anchor of skill training is the specification of the objectives .
this limits the potential rigour of design because the anchor of skill training is the specification of the [aims/goals] .

Incidentally this accounts for the interminable debate about education , since objectives are not specifiable the content can only emerge as a consensus within the current zeitgeist .
incidentally this accounts for the interminable debate about education , since [aims/goals] are not specifiable the content can only emerge as a consensus within the current zeitgeist .

For management skills there is greater emphasis on the objectives and how they are arrived at .
for management skills there is greater emphasis on the [aims/goals] and how they are arrived at .

Objectives in an organisational context are subject to many constraints .
[aims/goals] in an organisational context are subject to many constraints .

The essential vulnerability reinforces the requirement that the starting point of design should be a clarification of objectives followed by a consideration of the criteria of assessment that the objectives have been achieved .
the essential vulnerability reinforces the requirement that the starting point of design should be a clarification of [aims/goals] followed by a consideration of the criteria of assessment that the [aims/goals] have been achieved .

The objectives and criteria of success of any training scheme are best described in system terms .
the [aims/goals] and criteria of success of any training scheme are best described in system terms .

In research terms the study of programmed instruction was instrumental in encouraging a more systems view of the teaching/training process with associated trends towards greater consideration of objectives , task analysis , cost/ benefits and so on .
in research terms the study of programmed instruction was instrumental in encouraging a more systems view of the teaching/training process with associated trends towards greater consideration of [aims/goals] , task analysis , cost/ benefits and so on .

According to Price Waterhouse , integrating business objectives with information technology is seen as the number one business problem , and organisations increasingly want to see tangible benefits from their investment in technology .
according to price waterhouse , integrating business [aims/goals] with information technology is seen as the number one business problem , and organisations increasingly want to see tangible benefits from their investment in technology .

Its historical and current popularity with whites is accountable in terms of its members ' conformity to the image of the black man as physically adept but lacking in the intellectual equipment to harness his skill to firm objectives .
its historical and current popularity with whites is accountable in terms of its members ' conformity to the image of the black man as physically adept but lacking in the intellectual equipment to harness his skill to firm [aims/goals] .

Underlying the visibly successful black sportsmen are countless other black youths enthusiastically chasing sporting objectives and , perhaps later , organizing their life 's ambitions around their sporting discipline .
underlying the visibly successful black sportsmen are countless other black youths enthusiastically chasing sporting [aims/goals] and , perhaps later , organizing their life 's ambitions around their sporting discipline .

Most are brought back into line by their parents and made to organize their lives around achievable objectives , to persevere at the more mundane , sometimes uninteresting but attainable positions in society .
most are brought back into line by their parents and made to organize their lives around achievable [aims/goals] , to persevere at the more mundane , sometimes uninteresting but attainable positions in society .

Extreme as it may sound , the Hunter experience brings out many disturbing features of West Indian family life : the relentless pressure on children to achieve often unattainable objectives at school ; the stern physical measures adopted to back up the pressure ; the inflexible refusal to accept anything short of total success ; and the youth 's eventual collapse under the pressure .
extreme as it may sound , the hunter experience brings out many disturbing features of west indian family life : the relentless pressure on children to achieve often unattainable [aims/goals] at school ; the stern physical measures adopted to back up the pressure ; the inflexible refusal to accept anything short of total success ; and the youth 's eventual collapse under the pressure .

It seems that if Caribbean parents are not too preoccupied with the ‘ struggle ’ to bring their kids up , and there is every reason to believe that , due to the aftermath of migration , familial ruptures and large , possibly unmanageable families , it is a struggle , they are so eager to compensate for their own lack of education that they encumber their children with over-ambitious objectives backed by inflexible , often demoralizing , discipline .
it seems that if caribbean parents are not too preoccupied with the ‘ struggle ’ to bring their kids up , and there is every reason to believe that , due to the aftermath of migration , familial ruptures and large , possibly unmanageable families , it is a struggle , they are so eager to compensate for their own lack of education that they encumber their children with over-ambitious [aims/goals] backed by inflexible , often demoralizing , discipline .

Given the status patterns discerned one might expect that even if technology were to achieve high status and acceptance the version which would ‘ count as education ’ would be academic and theoretical and therefore stand in contradiction to more practical objectives .
given the status patterns discerned one might expect that even if technology were to achieve high status and acceptance the version which would ‘ count as education ’ would be academic and theoretical and therefore stand in contradiction to more practical [aims/goals] .

Many geographers have never been deeply concerned with ultimate objectives of social character , and some would sincerely regard efforts to provide directives for human action as presumptuous and arrogant .
many geographers have never been deeply concerned with ultimate [aims/goals] of social character , and some would sincerely regard efforts to provide directives for human action as presumptuous and arrogant .

This both attenuates the force of the current occupationalist attack upon the liberal education tradition and suggests that occupationalist objectives will do little more than merely dilute the quality of the education which pupils might otherwise have received .
this both attenuates the force of the current occupationalist attack upon the liberal education tradition and suggests that occupationalist [aims/goals] will do little more than merely dilute the quality of the education which pupils might otherwise have received .

Whatever the ultimate objectives , the fact remains that a good deal of the existing work within the comparative industrial relations field , although often rich and insightful , has not so far been explicitly theoretical in either its purpose or method ( Shalev , 1980a ) .
whatever the ultimate [aims/goals] , the fact remains that a good deal of the existing work within the comparative industrial relations field , although often rich and insightful , has not so far been explicitly theoretical in either its purpose or method ( shalev , 1980a ) .

However , as well as basic similarities there are also major differences as between trade union movements in advanced industrialised countries , not only in the extent of their membership density but also in their role and objectives and the structural divisions that characterise them , which require investigation .
however , as well as basic similarities there are also major differences as between trade union movements in advanced industrialised countries , not only in the extent of their membership density but also in their role and [aims/goals] and the structural divisions that characterise them , which require investigation .

Trade Union Objectives and Methods
trade union [aims/goals] and methods

Conversely , the British unions conceived their role within the factory as being basically one of continuing representation of workforce interests on narrow bargaining issues , pressing for objectives which were consciously and explicitly desired by the workers themselves .
conversely , the british unions conceived their role within the factory as being basically one of continuing representation of workforce interests on narrow bargaining issues , pressing for [aims/goals] which were consciously and explicitly desired by the workers themselves .

It can be argued , however , that the dichotomy often noted between the more restrictive business union orientation in the United States and European ‘ welfare ’ unionism concerned with wider social objectives as well as the terms and conditions of employment of union members , is somewhat overdrawn .
it can be argued , however , that the dichotomy often noted between the more restrictive business union orientation in the united states and european ‘ welfare ’ unionism concerned with wider social [aims/goals] as well as the terms and conditions of employment of union members , is somewhat overdrawn .

In this approach the high level of unionisation in Sweden is not the result of any cultural propensity on the part of the Swedish population ( because of its ethnic homogeneity ) to seek objectives by way of interest group organisations — a factor which Adams ( 1975 ) notes has sometimes been suggested by way of explanation .
in this approach the high level of unionisation in sweden is not the result of any cultural propensity on the part of the swedish population ( because of its ethnic homogeneity ) to seek [aims/goals] by way of interest group organisations — a factor which adams ( 1975 ) notes has sometimes been suggested by way of explanation .

Beyond such common features , however , it has been shown that there are marked diversities between national labour movements as well as within them , in relation to their goals and objectives ( broader or narrower conceptions ) , structural features , size and membership densities .
beyond such common features , however , it has been shown that there are marked diversities between national labour movements as well as within them , in relation to their goals and [aims/goals] ( broader or narrower conceptions ) , structural features , size and membership densities .

The importance of the formative stages of unionism in determining structural features ( which are themselves closely related to function and objectives ) and in giving direction to subsequent developments has also been emphasised .
the importance of the formative stages of unionism in determining structural features ( which are themselves closely related to function and [aims/goals] ) and in giving direction to subsequent developments has also been emphasised .

The objectives were first to counter the rapid growth of trade unionism which was taking place with the acceleration of the industrialisation process .
the [aims/goals] were first to counter the rapid growth of trade unionism which was taking place with the acceleration of the industrialisation process .

The term ‘ strategy ’ , as a way of conceptualising management actions , refers to long-term policies pursued by management and it implies , according to one common approach , that management has a choice between alternative possibilities with respect to the best ways of attaining its labour relations objectives — within the constraints set by the external environment .
the term ‘ strategy ’ , as a way of conceptualising management actions , refers to long-term policies pursued by management and it implies , according to one common approach , that management has a choice between alternative possibilities with respect to the best ways of attaining its labour relations [aims/goals] — within the constraints set by the external environment .

It is true that these original objectives and policies of particular types of union concerning the labour and product markets of the relevant occupation and industry have subsequently been modified as the unions amalgamated or became more diversified in terms of their recruitment .
it is true that these original [aims/goals] and policies of particular types of union concerning the labour and product markets of the relevant occupation and industry have subsequently been modified as the unions amalgamated or became more diversified in terms of their recruitment .

In this latter respect , government policy ( or the threat of intervention ) would seem to be the most significant factor tending to remove authority over collective bargaining to the national confederations.9 Attempts to align the outcome of wage negotiations with macroeconomic policy objectives have been one factor which has tended to raise the level of bargaining and it has played a significant role at certain periods in countries such as Holland , Norway and Austria .
in this latter respect , government policy ( or the threat of intervention ) would seem to be the most significant factor tending to remove authority over collective bargaining to the national confederations.9 attempts to align the outcome of wage negotiations with macroeconomic policy [aims/goals] have been one factor which has tended to raise the level of bargaining and it has played a significant role at certain periods in countries such as holland , norway and austria .

Particular attention was directed to the lack of accordance between bargaining outcomes and national , economic policy objectives .
particular attention was directed to the lack of accordance between bargaining outcomes and national , economic policy [aims/goals] .

Despite their growing unpopularity , the Laudian bishops continued to pursue their objectives with great vigour throughout the 1630s .
despite their growing unpopularity , the laudian bishops continued to pursue their [aims/goals] with great vigour throughout the 1630s .

The objectives had also been changed ; now it was designed to take pressure off Verdun .
the [aims/goals] had also been changed ; now it was designed to take pressure off verdun .

The main attack , entrusted to General , Sir Herbert Plumer , was to prove one of the few in the war that was immaculately planned and achieved all its objectives .
the main attack , entrusted to general , sir herbert plumer , was to prove one of the few in the war that was immaculately planned and achieved all its [aims/goals] .

In the early afternoon , Allied reserve divisions and tanks passed through their comrades ' lines and by about 15.10 the ridge in its entirety was securely held and all objectives taken .
in the early afternoon , allied reserve divisions and tanks passed through their comrades ' lines and by about 15.10 the ridge in its entirety was securely held and all [aims/goals] taken .

Messines also provided a sure lesson for future campaigns : surprise and limited , attainable objectives that could subsequently be held should be the tactical aim .
messines also provided a sure lesson for future campaigns : surprise and limited , attainable [aims/goals] that could subsequently be held should be the tactical aim .

On the left flank , three ridges north of Ypres — Bixschoote , St Julien and Pilckem — were taken in an advance of some 3.2km/2mls ; but on the right , the thrust southeast of Ypres , toward the Ypres-Menin road , was halted short of its objectives .
on the left flank , three ridges north of ypres — bixschoote , st julien and pilckem — were taken in an advance of some 3.2km/2mls ; but on the right , the thrust southeast of ypres , toward the ypres-menin road , was halted short of its [aims/goals] .

Plumer determined to take the plateau in four meticulously planned stages ; he opted , as he had at Messines , at each stage to concentrate his effort , going for limited objectives with strong artillery support .
plumer determined to take the plateau in four meticulously planned stages ; he opted , as he had at messines , at each stage to concentrate his effort , going for limited [aims/goals] with strong artillery support .

All objectives had been overrun and counter-attacks thrown back .
all [aims/goals] had been overrun and counter-attacks thrown back .

Winter was approaching , and the main British objectives beyond the Passchendaele Ridge had not been attained .
winter was approaching , and the main british [aims/goals] beyond the passchendaele ridge had not been attained .

The Working Group 's terms of reference defined attainment targets as ‘ clear objectives for the knowledge , skills , understanding and aptitudes which pupils of different abilities and maturity should be expected to have acquired at or near certain ages ’ .
the working group 's terms of reference defined attainment targets as ‘ clear [aims/goals] for the knowledge , skills , understanding and aptitudes which pupils of different abilities and maturity should be expected to have acquired at or near certain ages ’ .

Insofar as is possible in accordance with our statement of belief , to work with existing statutory bodies and charitable organisations in the achievement of the above objectives .
insofar as is possible in accordance with our statement of belief , to work with existing statutory bodies and charitable organisations in the achievement of the above [aims/goals] .

These should be built into a code of practice to meet standards and objectives drawn up by the Director General of Fair Trading , and this code should be made binding on members by the relevant trade associations .
these should be built into a code of practice to meet standards and [aims/goals] drawn up by the director general of fair trading , and this code should be made binding on members by the relevant trade associations .

15.2 If a Party defaults in its obligation so as to jeopardise the objectives of the Project , and if the defaulting Party fails to cure its default within 60 days of a written request from the other Parties ( the Project Manager ) so to do , then the defaulting Party 's right to continue participating in the Project shall ( subject to the prior obtaining of any necessary consents from the Secretary of State ) be terminated .
15.2 if a party defaults in its obligation so as to jeopardise the [aims/goals] of the project , and if the defaulting party fails to cure its default within 60 days of a written request from the other parties ( the project manager ) so to do , then the defaulting party 's right to continue participating in the project shall ( subject to the prior obtaining of any necessary consents from the secretary of state ) be terminated .

Although objectives came to be redefined , compromising the original radicalism , attitudes toward representational politics remained firm .
although [aims/goals] came to be redefined , compromising the original radicalism , attitudes toward representational politics remained firm .

In realising such power , it was argued , cooperators as consumers pursued the same general objectives as trade unionists in their role as producers .
in realising such power , it was argued , cooperators as consumers pursued the same general [aims/goals] as trade unionists in their role as producers .

The structure of the state at any period chiefly reflects the objectives of past and current central state elites .
the structure of the state at any period chiefly reflects the [aims/goals] of past and current central state elites .

The apparently untidy structure of the machinery of government , and its constant alteration , reflect the objectives of the political elites .
the apparently untidy structure of the machinery of government , and its constant alteration , reflect the [aims/goals] of the political elites .

These interacting democratic and economic pressures created an environment in which both state and social elites found that the successful pursuit of their objectives , and the management of their respective organizations , were entwined .
these interacting democratic and economic pressures created an environment in which both state and social elites found that the successful pursuit of their [aims/goals] , and the management of their respective organizations , were entwined .

In 1923 he began to study economic theory and became convinced that government objectives , far from ensuring a return to prosperity , were actively discouraging it through deflationary policies and obsession with the return to the gold standard at pre-war parity .
in 1923 he began to study economic theory and became convinced that government [aims/goals] , far from ensuring a return to prosperity , were actively discouraging it through deflationary policies and obsession with the return to the gold standard at pre-war parity .

cosmetic reformulation of mental health policies , objectives and action programmes and recommendations
cosmetic reformulation of mental health policies , [aims/goals] and action programmes and recommendations

To get into this trade , the Company was reorganized in 1663 and added buying slaves and shipping them off to the sugar islands to its original objectives .
to get into this trade , the company was reorganized in 1663 and added buying slaves and shipping them off to the sugar islands to its original [aims/goals] .

Working within the parameters of the Public Electricity Supply Licence , your role will be to formulate tariff and pricing structures for customers in the Industrial , Commercial and Domestic Markets in line with the Company 's business objectives .
working within the parameters of the public electricity supply licence , your role will be to formulate tariff and pricing structures for customers in the industrial , commercial and domestic markets in line with the company 's business [aims/goals] .

You will have substantial freedom in running the Agency to achieve performance and financial objectives , and must have a record of outstanding leadership at a senior level in a large organisation .
you will have substantial freedom in running the agency to achieve performance and financial [aims/goals] , and must have a record of outstanding leadership at a senior level in a large organisation .

18 months on from its official opening by The Duchess of York , the Club has achieved both of those initial objectives and is currently trying to build upon them , in communication with its members .
18 months on from its official opening by the duchess of york , the club has achieved both of those initial [aims/goals] and is currently trying to build upon them , in communication with its members .

The short-term objectives include : enabling religious broadcasters to meet and share insights and experiences ; helping them to develop programmes which are relevant to their respective cultures ; and examining the forms and models of religious broadcasting authorities in different countries .
the short-term [aims/goals] include : enabling religious broadcasters to meet and share insights and experiences ; helping them to develop programmes which are relevant to their respective cultures ; and examining the forms and models of religious broadcasting authorities in different countries .

The short-term objectives of the network are to raise women 's awareness of their image in the mass media , to obtain relevant information from research and networking that would motivate women to lobby for change , and to equip women with specific skills that would help build and strengthen alternative communication for and by women .
the short-term [aims/goals] of the network are to raise women 's awareness of their image in the mass media , to obtain relevant information from research and networking that would motivate women to lobby for change , and to equip women with specific skills that would help build and strengthen alternative communication for and by women .

The long-term objectives of the festival and workshops are to develop alternative communication and education models , strengthen local cultures and traditions , and document the history of the various ethnic groups living in Latin America .
the long-term [aims/goals] of the festival and workshops are to develop alternative communication and education models , strengthen local cultures and traditions , and document the history of the various ethnic groups living in latin america .

There should be government action to promulgate a definition of community care values and a set of objectives to guide developments .
there should be government action to promulgate a definition of community care values and a set of [aims/goals] to guide developments .

Griffiths regarded central government leadership in establishing policy objectives as crucial .
griffiths regarded central government leadership in establishing policy [aims/goals] as crucial .

Under the new arrangements the role of the local authority will be to assess needs in their locality , set local priorities and service objectives , and arrange the required care by designing , organizing and purchasing it .
under the new arrangements the role of the local authority will be to assess needs in their locality , set local priorities and service [aims/goals] , and arrange the required care by designing , organizing and purchasing it .

Griffiths , for example , wanted decisive central government action to ensure that clear objectives and priorities were set , but no such central direction was contained in Caring for People and no mechanisms were devised by which the government could ensure that local planning and implementation were consistent with national priorities ; indeed , no such priorities were set .
griffiths , for example , wanted decisive central government action to ensure that clear [aims/goals] and priorities were set , but no such central direction was contained in caring for people and no mechanisms were devised by which the government could ensure that local planning and implementation were consistent with national priorities ; indeed , no such priorities were set .

But it does not feel to them like real work and there is no financial reward and rarely any specific long-term achievable objectives which can be shared with others .
but it does not feel to them like real work and there is no financial reward and rarely any specific long-term achievable [aims/goals] which can be shared with others .

But experience has shown that it is possible to create elite , high-calibre long-term support teams if they are given the right leadership and training , an attractive physical environment to work from , good pay and conditions of service and , crucially , a set of realistic objectives about what they are trying to achieve .
but experience has shown that it is possible to create elite , high-calibre long-term support teams if they are given the right leadership and training , an attractive physical environment to work from , good pay and conditions of service and , crucially , a set of realistic [aims/goals] about what they are trying to achieve .

Managers responsible for assessing the quality of services need to compile a list of specific objectives for a service , such as those outlined in Chapter 7 , and then establish a measurable set of criteria to assess whether the total service meets its objectives .
managers responsible for assessing the quality of services need to compile a list of specific [aims/goals] for a service , such as those outlined in chapter 7 , and then establish a measurable set of criteria to assess whether the total service meets its [aims/goals] .

Measurement of sub-contractor 's work is a difficult and laborious task and management controls are necessary to ensure that work is accurately measured and valued and that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve these objectives .
measurement of sub-contractor 's work is a difficult and laborious task and management controls are necessary to ensure that work is accurately measured and valued and that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve these [aims/goals] .

It is therefore essential that the chief surveyor , director , or other member of the management team maintains a watching brief to monitor the accuracy of measurement and to ensure that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve his objectives .
it is therefore essential that the chief surveyor , director , or other member of the management team maintains a watching brief to monitor the accuracy of measurement and to ensure that the surveyor has sufficient time to achieve his [aims/goals] .

Earned bonus is the most widely used form of financial incentive , because it most closely meets the objectives of an incentive scheme , which are : ( a ) To provide the opportunity for increased earnings in return for increased output .
earned bonus is the most widely used form of financial incentive , because it most closely meets the [aims/goals] of an incentive scheme , which are : ( a ) to provide the opportunity for increased earnings in return for increased output .

Many craftsmen take pride in a good job well done and often friendly rivalry develops between them to achieve personal , rather than financial , objectives .
many craftsmen take pride in a good job well done and often friendly rivalry develops between them to achieve personal , rather than financial , [aims/goals] .

The primary objectives in producing cost accounts are to provide : ( a ) The detailed information to determine the profit or loss on individual projects or an aspect of the company 's business transactions .
the primary [aims/goals] in producing cost accounts are to provide : ( a ) the detailed information to determine the profit or loss on individual projects or an aspect of the company 's business transactions .

The new Commonwealth declared itself open to other Soviet republics , as well as to states elsewhere that shared its objectives , and on 21 December in Alma Ata a further agreement was signed by the three original members and eight other republics : Armenia , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , Kirgizia , Moldavia , Tajikistan , Turkmenia and Uzbekistan .
the new commonwealth declared itself open to other soviet republics , as well as to states elsewhere that shared its [aims/goals] , and on 21 december in alma ata a further agreement was signed by the three original members and eight other republics : armenia , azerbaijan , kazakhstan , kirgizia , moldavia , tajikistan , turkmenia and uzbekistan .

The section on foreign policy , however , was couched in much more orthodox terms , accusing capitalism of resorting to ‘ wars and terror ’ in order to further its objectives and of constantly seeking ‘ social revenge ’ on a global scale .
the section on foreign policy , however , was couched in much more orthodox terms , accusing capitalism of resorting to ‘ wars and terror ’ in order to further its [aims/goals] and of constantly seeking ‘ social revenge ’ on a global scale .

Gorbachev 's early speeches gave relatively little attention to the longer-term objectives he had in mind for Soviet society .
gorbachev 's early speeches gave relatively little attention to the longer-term [aims/goals] he had in mind for soviet society .

For another , the main virtue of a market economy is that firms are able to pursue their objectives and allocate resources without being constantly subject to scrutiny .
for another , the main virtue of a market economy is that firms are able to pursue their [aims/goals] and allocate resources without being constantly subject to scrutiny .

When the objectives of the analysis are clearer , a selective transcription will be more useful than a detailed one , which is at that later stage of the research likely to contain much unwanted information .
when the [aims/goals] of the analysis are clearer , a selective transcription will be more useful than a detailed one , which is at that later stage of the research likely to contain much unwanted information .

Although advances in urban dialectology are certainly a by-product of his methods , his principal objectives were to use variable data as a means of elucidating processes of linguistic change and more generally to contribute to core linguistic theory ( cf .
although advances in urban dialectology are certainly a by-product of his methods , his principal [aims/goals] were to use variable data as a means of elucidating processes of linguistic change and more generally to contribute to core linguistic theory ( cf .

While Knowles is concerned mainly with accurate description , it is clear from Romaine 's ( 1978a ) account of the variable ( r ) in the language of Edinburgh schoolchildren that she shares Labov 's general theoretical objectives of elucidating processes of linguistic change ( cf .
while knowles is concerned mainly with accurate description , it is clear from romaine 's ( 1978a ) account of the variable ( r ) in the language of edinburgh schoolchildren that she shares labov 's general theoretical [aims/goals] of elucidating processes of linguistic change ( cf .

In 1967 there was an all-party conference on the future of the Lords , the objectives being to retain these useful minor functions while ending the hereditary basis of membership , the built-in Conservative majority and the delaying powers of the Lords .
in 1967 there was an all-party conference on the future of the lords , the [aims/goals] being to retain these useful minor functions while ending the hereditary basis of membership , the built-in conservative majority and the delaying powers of the lords .

The Treasury employs sections which monitor the expenditure of the various departments and go over their estimates , the role of the Treasury being to insist on certain overall policies and ceilings on expenditure while the spending departments tend to argue in favour of certain policy objectives or programmes , hoping that if these are accepted , the necessary funds will be forthcoming .
the treasury employs sections which monitor the expenditure of the various departments and go over their estimates , the role of the treasury being to insist on certain overall policies and ceilings on expenditure while the spending departments tend to argue in favour of certain policy [aims/goals] or programmes , hoping that if these are accepted , the necessary funds will be forthcoming .

The main principle involved is the delegation of responsibility for budgets and for staff to accountable units each with defined objectives and one person responsible for the performance of the unit .
the main principle involved is the delegation of responsibility for budgets and for staff to accountable units each with defined [aims/goals] and one person responsible for the performance of the unit .

Control is exercised by financial techniques and revision of the objectives set for each unit .
control is exercised by financial techniques and revision of the [aims/goals] set for each unit .

At present , no minister could answer a parliamentary question by saying that whatever his views on the matter , responsibility had been allocated for this function to Assistant Secretary Brown and it was up to that official to take whatever course of action he thought best to achieve the set objectives .
at present , no minister could answer a parliamentary question by saying that whatever his views on the matter , responsibility had been allocated for this function to assistant secretary brown and it was up to that official to take whatever course of action he thought best to achieve the set [aims/goals] .

Mr Heseltine , Secretary of State for the Environment 1979–83 , made great efforts trying to streamline the operations of his department by insisting on a continuous review of its objectives and priorities .
mr heseltine , secretary of state for the environment 1979–83 , made great efforts trying to streamline the operations of his department by insisting on a continuous review of its [aims/goals] and priorities .

Other aspects which concerned the public such as the need to retain certain uneconomic railway lines , the use of coal to prevent too fast a rise in unemployment in areas dependent on mining or the case for airports on remote islands in Scotland , could then all be urged from outside on the individual industries and on the Ministry for Nationalized Industries without confusing these social objectives with the normal criteria of operation .
other aspects which concerned the public such as the need to retain certain uneconomic railway lines , the use of coal to prevent too fast a rise in unemployment in areas dependent on mining or the case for airports on remote islands in scotland , could then all be urged from outside on the individual industries and on the ministry for nationalized industries without confusing these social [aims/goals] with the normal criteria of operation .

There has been a continuous tendency for governments , both Conservative and Labour , to intervene in the affairs of the nationalized industries in order to promote immediate political objectives .
there has been a continuous tendency for governments , both conservative and labour , to intervene in the affairs of the nationalized industries in order to promote immediate political [aims/goals] .

Some of its politicians were backward-looking in that their major objectives were to remedy inter-war problems .
some of its politicians were backward-looking in that their major [aims/goals] were to remedy inter-war problems .

Various groups within the party were formed to try and achieve particular objectives .
various groups within the party were formed to try and achieve particular [aims/goals] .

Moreover , the socialist ideology of Cuba meant a different motivation for pupils and workers from that existing in capitalist countries — ‘ to work for collective rather than personal objectives ’ — with the result that education in Cuba became both a technical and an ideological force for greater productivity .
moreover , the socialist ideology of cuba meant a different motivation for pupils and workers from that existing in capitalist countries — ‘ to work for collective rather than personal [aims/goals] ’ — with the result that education in cuba became both a technical and an ideological force for greater productivity .

These memoranda , although generally avoiding comment that might be regarded as politically partisan on the question of the desirability or otherwise of devolution , contain passages which were bluntly , even scathingly , critical of the statements of the means by which the government hoped to achieve their objectives .
these memoranda , although generally avoiding comment that might be regarded as politically partisan on the question of the desirability or otherwise of devolution , contain passages which were bluntly , even scathingly , critical of the statements of the means by which the government hoped to achieve their [aims/goals] .

Four of their Lordships held that ‘ in furtherance ’ referred only to the subjective state of mind of the defendant and that he so acted if his purpose was to help the parties in the dispute to achieve their objectives and if he honestly and reasonably believed his actions would do so .
four of their lordships held that ‘ in furtherance ’ referred only to the subjective state of mind of the defendant and that he so acted if his purpose was to help the parties in the dispute to achieve their [aims/goals] and if he honestly and reasonably believed his actions would do so .

‘ Guidance ’ could only be used to explain , amplify or supplement the general objectives or provisions of the Act .
‘ guidance ’ could only be used to explain , amplify or supplement the general [aims/goals] or provisions of the act .

But there is usually an effective distinction from the institutions of simple commodity production even where the cultural work is quite clearly a commodity it is almost always , and often justly , also described in very different terms — and from the institutions or power and administration , in which purposes and objectives are inherent .
but there is usually an effective distinction from the institutions of simple commodity production even where the cultural work is quite clearly a commodity it is almost always , and often justly , also described in very different terms — and from the institutions or power and administration , in which purposes and [aims/goals] are inherent .

They are all in this sense working organizations , whether or not they proclaim other more general objectives .
they are all in this sense working organizations , whether or not they proclaim other more general [aims/goals] .

The paper concludes with one view of how a workable integration practice might be achieved by going back to the drawing-board and examining the aims and objectives of educational integration .
the paper concludes with one view of how a workable integration practice might be achieved by going back to the drawing-board and examining the aims and [aims/goals] of educational integration .

It is not possible to achieve equality of knowledge and learning with different curriculum materials and different aims and objectives for curriculum planning .
it is not possible to achieve equality of knowledge and learning with different curriculum materials and different aims and [aims/goals] for curriculum planning .

This may be because we have lost sight of what education is about , or , at best , because we disagree on the aims and objectives of education .
this may be because we have lost sight of what education is about , or , at best , because we disagree on the aims and [aims/goals] of education .

The stated objectives included :
the stated [aims/goals] included :

We will explore in due course whether these objectives are pursued to any significant extent in practice .
we will explore in due course whether these [aims/goals] are pursued to any significant extent in practice .

This causes them to argue for a loosening of the legal duties that define the objectives of management decision making , which currently emphasise the maximisation of shareholder wealth , to enable a broader range of purposes to be pursued .
this causes them to argue for a loosening of the legal duties that define the [aims/goals] of management decision making , which currently emphasise the maximisation of shareholder wealth , to enable a broader range of purposes to be pursued .

The state may thus mould the company 's constitution so as to protect the interests of parties directly involved , for instance the interests of shareholders against abuse of position by management , but it also has a much broader right of intervention , allowing it , if appropriate , to redefine corporate objectives to secure compliance with favoured social goals .
the state may thus mould the company 's constitution so as to protect the interests of parties directly involved , for instance the interests of shareholders against abuse of position by management , but it also has a much broader right of intervention , allowing it , if appropriate , to redefine corporate [aims/goals] to secure compliance with favoured social goals .

Now that the objection based on shareholder rights to viewing companies as social enterprises has been removed , we can proceed to a provisional account of the objectives companies should be required to adopt if they are to serve the public interest .
now that the objection based on shareholder rights to viewing companies as social enterprises has been removed , we can proceed to a provisional account of the [aims/goals] companies should be required to adopt if they are to serve the public interest .

To the extent that maximising profits conflicts with the public interest , the solution from this perspective is not to modify corporate objectives , but to strengthen the limiting conditions within which companies are required to operate .
to the extent that maximising profits conflicts with the public interest , the solution from this perspective is not to modify corporate [aims/goals] , but to strengthen the limiting conditions within which companies are required to operate .

The state of shareholder inactivity that results from these factors , it is argued , enables managers to pursue objectives of their own choosing .
the state of shareholder inactivity that results from these factors , it is argued , enables managers to pursue [aims/goals] of their own choosing .

Secondly , directors and managers have interests or aspirations which differ from those of the members , and hence their objectives are likely to diverge from the goal of maximising profits .
secondly , directors and managers have interests or aspirations which differ from those of the members , and hence their [aims/goals] are likely to diverge from the goal of maximising profits .

And thirdly , managements are able to pursue divergent objectives , not only because of lack of shareholder control , but also because of weak competitive conditions .
and thirdly , managements are able to pursue divergent [aims/goals] , not only because of lack of shareholder control , but also because of weak competitive conditions .

As Hay and Morris point out , ‘ with regard to managerial objectives , it [ may be ] less important what proportion of a company 's shares is owned by the management , but much more vital what proportion of the managers ’ remuneration depends on stocks and shares ’ .
as hay and morris point out , ‘ with regard to managerial [aims/goals] , it [ may be ] less important what proportion of a company 's shares is owned by the management , but much more vital what proportion of the managers ’ remuneration depends on stocks and shares ’ .

Lack of competition is a pre-requisite for the survival of inefficient managements and the pursuit of non-profit objectives , since without some degree of monopoly power failure to maximise profits would in the long run lead to collapse .
lack of competition is a pre-requisite for the survival of inefficient managements and the pursuit of non-profit [aims/goals] , since without some degree of monopoly power failure to maximise profits would in the long run lead to collapse .

The law respects the right of the shareholders to determine the objectives of their association through contract and accepts that by virtue of their capital contributions they should be regarded as the owners of the company .
the law respects the right of the shareholders to determine the [aims/goals] of their association through contract and accepts that by virtue of their capital contributions they should be regarded as the owners of the company .

While this terminology may be ambiguous , it is however clear that the duty excludes the various managerialist objectives considered earlier , and hence to that extent is consistent with the general interest , as so far understood .
while this terminology may be ambiguous , it is however clear that the duty excludes the various managerialist [aims/goals] considered earlier , and hence to that extent is consistent with the general interest , as so far understood .

Our current interest is rather in the inherent feasibility of controlling management objectives by means of legal duties .
our current interest is rather in the inherent feasibility of controlling management [aims/goals] by means of legal duties .

Against this background it is not surprising that the duty to benefit the company should be framed not as a duty to take specific actions or to achieve determinate results , but is instead concerned only with ensuring that the directors act in accordance with proper objectives .
against this background it is not surprising that the duty to benefit the company should be framed not as a duty to take specific actions or to achieve determinate results , but is instead concerned only with ensuring that the directors act in accordance with proper [aims/goals] .

The problem with framing the duty to act in the company 's interests in terms of subjective intentions , however , is that in practice determining what the directors ' true objectives are will often be beyond the court 's capabilities .
the problem with framing the duty to act in the company 's interests in terms of subjective intentions , however , is that in practice determining what the directors ' true [aims/goals] are will often be beyond the court 's capabilities .

If shares are not accurately priced then there is ‘ considerable scope for take-overs based on speculative and other motives where corporate control changes hands because of differences in information , or of opinion about the accuracy of stock market valuations , between sellers and purchasers of control , rather than because of proposed changes in management objectives or operating efficiency ’ .
if shares are not accurately priced then there is ‘ considerable scope for take-overs based on speculative and other motives where corporate control changes hands because of differences in information , or of opinion about the accuracy of stock market valuations , between sellers and purchasers of control , rather than because of proposed changes in management [aims/goals] or operating efficiency ’ .

Because music is so universally popular in society , and because feelings on the subject run deep , attitudes can harden and objectives diverge .
because music is so universally popular in society , and because feelings on the subject run deep , attitudes can harden and [aims/goals] diverge .

Neither Nehru nor Jinnah gained all that they wanted ( or what they had announced as their objectives ) but Aung San and Thakin Nu did obtain all their demands , despite British objections .
neither nehru nor jinnah gained all that they wanted ( or what they had announced as their [aims/goals] ) but aung san and thakin nu did obtain all their demands , despite british objections .

Cutting the value of , or abolishing national insurance benefits , and a much increased reliance on means-tested assistance , has played a crucial part in trapping the underclass into long-term dependency , although such an outcome is in stark contradiction to the Government 's stated long-term objectives .
cutting the value of , or abolishing national insurance benefits , and a much increased reliance on means-tested assistance , has played a crucial part in trapping the underclass into long-term dependency , although such an outcome is in stark contradiction to the government 's stated long-term [aims/goals] .

The Government has three objectives in mind in its near-revolutionary reform of local government finance .
the government has three [aims/goals] in mind in its near-revolutionary reform of local government finance .

Two reforms are singled out here that will help begin the process of reshaping the welfare state to fulfil both of these objectives .
two reforms are singled out here that will help begin the process of reshaping the welfare state to fulfil both of these [aims/goals] .

We do not wish to perform poorly or to undercut our objectives .
we do not wish to perform poorly or to undercut our [aims/goals] .

The future state can be defined as the vision for the organization or the strategic objectives of the change .
the future state can be defined as the vision for the organization or the strategic [aims/goals] of the change .

They changed to a strategy-management mode in which each of the business heads met with the entire executive board once a year to define strategic objectives and once a year to establish a budget .
they changed to a strategy-management mode in which each of the business heads met with the entire executive board once a year to define strategic [aims/goals] and once a year to establish a budget .

‘ After Japan ’ was conceived of as a ‘ trigger factor ’ signalling critical business objectives in terms of financial targets and European market share ( Beynon , 1984 : 356 ) .
‘ after japan ’ was conceived of as a ‘ trigger factor ’ signalling critical business [aims/goals] in terms of financial targets and european market share ( beynon , 1984 : 356 ) .

Information-based organizations , in other words , require clear , simple , common objectives that translate into particular actions .
information-based organizations , in other words , require clear , simple , common [aims/goals] that translate into particular actions .

Members display high levels of energy , motivation and commitment in pursuit of those objectives .
members display high levels of energy , motivation and commitment in pursuit of those [aims/goals] .

High-performance work design enabled them to achieve those objectives by increasing flexibility , output quality and effective use of assets .
high-performance work design enabled them to achieve those [aims/goals] by increasing flexibility , output quality and effective use of assets .

Accounting is a measurement and communication system to provide economic and social information about an identifiable entity to permit users to make informed judgments and decisions leading to an optimal allocation of resources and the accomplishment of an organization 's objectives .
accounting is a measurement and communication system to provide economic and social information about an identifiable entity to permit users to make informed judgments and decisions leading to an optimal allocation of resources and the accomplishment of an organization 's [aims/goals] .

The legislative body represents the public interest and determines ( or plans ) service and programme objectives .
the legislative body represents the public interest and determines ( or plans ) service and programme [aims/goals] .

Management have the responsibility for accomplishing these objectives ; it is their responsibility to motivate staff and direct activities .
management have the responsibility for accomplishing these [aims/goals] ; it is their responsibility to motivate staff and direct activities .

The results of these activities are subsequently evaluated by the legislative body in order to determine whether objectives have been met .
the results of these activities are subsequently evaluated by the legislative body in order to determine whether [aims/goals] have been met .

They go on to state that ‘ whilst to a large extent , voters may depend on their own experience with service delivery … information concerning overall objectives and service activities would provide a more balanced view ’ .
they go on to state that ‘ whilst to a large extent , voters may depend on their own experience with service delivery … information concerning overall [aims/goals] and service activities would provide a more balanced view ’ .

Their analysis leads to the following ( abridged ) summary of objectives ( vol .
their analysis leads to the following ( abridged ) summary of [aims/goals] ( vol .

To provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisitioning and allocation of resources on the achievement of their organizational objectives .
to provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisitioning and allocation of resources on the achievement of their organizational [aims/goals] .

Parliament determines overall objectives for all four of these groups .
parliament determines overall [aims/goals] for all four of these groups .

Broad objectives are set out in enabling legislation and are subsequently amplified as a result of statutory instrument ; ministerial directions ; discussions of the House of Commons Select Committees ; Committees of Enquiry ; consumer councils ; and so on .
broad [aims/goals] are set out in enabling legislation and are subsequently amplified as a result of statutory instrument ; ministerial directions ; discussions of the house of commons select committees ; committees of enquiry ; consumer councils ; and so on .

Management control , in its broadest context , is the means by which an organization carries out its objectives effectively and efficiently .
management control , in its broadest context , is the means by which an organization carries out its [aims/goals] effectively and efficiently .

Obviously it is necessary to screen ideas to decide whether they are compatible with the objectives of the organization .
obviously it is necessary to screen ideas to decide whether they are compatible with the [aims/goals] of the organization .

It is a fairly uncomplicated system that avoids any conflicts about objectives and the methods of achieving them , particularly when budget preparation follows a tight timetable .
it is a fairly uncomplicated system that avoids any conflicts about [aims/goals] and the methods of achieving them , particularly when budget preparation follows a tight timetable .

To express in financial terms capital works necessary to meet the objectives expressed or implied of an organization within an accounting period or periods .
to express in financial terms capital works necessary to meet the [aims/goals] expressed or implied of an organization within an accounting period or periods .

Effectiveness involves an examination of the relationship between the output and objectives of the department .
effectiveness involves an examination of the relationship between the output and [aims/goals] of the department .

The line item/input approach prevents proper political choice amongst objectives and the rational allocation of resources .
the line item/input approach prevents proper political choice amongst [aims/goals] and the rational allocation of resources .

The overall objectives and goals of the organisation and of the various agencies and departments within the organisation are formulated .
the overall [aims/goals] and goals of the organisation and of the various agencies and departments within the organisation are formulated .

Priorities are determined for the attainment of the goals and objectives .
priorities are determined for the attainment of the goals and [aims/goals] .

The possible alternative programmes which may be used to fulfil the desired objectives are compared based on the effectiveness of each in achieving the organisational objectives .
the possible alternative programmes which may be used to fulfil the desired [aims/goals] are compared based on the effectiveness of each in achieving the organisational [aims/goals] .

By contrast ‘ systems budgeting ’ , as with some forms of programme budgeting , considers the allocation of funds as necessary to attain future objectives .
by contrast ‘ systems budgeting ’ , as with some forms of programme budgeting , considers the allocation of funds as necessary to attain future [aims/goals] .

For systems politics to work , politicians need to take a relatively holistic view of objectives compared to the partisan view associated with process politics .
for systems politics to work , politicians need to take a relatively holistic view of [aims/goals] compared to the partisan view associated with process politics .

poorly articulated aims and objectives , making measurement of performance difficult ;
poorly articulated aims and [aims/goals] , making measurement of performance difficult ;

As government expenditures have grown , the objectives and results of such programmes have come under increased public scrutiny .
as government expenditures have grown , the [aims/goals] and results of such programmes have come under increased public scrutiny .

The auditor must examine whether resources could be put to alternative uses , whether objectives could be achieved by an alternative strategy and ( if practicable ) compare the operations of one particular department with another .
the auditor must examine whether resources could be put to alternative uses , whether [aims/goals] could be achieved by an alternative strategy and ( if practicable ) compare the operations of one particular department with another .

The most critical requirement of an effectiveness audit is a clear statement of the programme objectives for which the level of achievement is to be measured .
the most critical requirement of an effectiveness audit is a clear statement of the programme [aims/goals] for which the level of achievement is to be measured .

The client should identify those objectives as a matter of course in the relevant engagement documentation .
the client should identify those [aims/goals] as a matter of course in the relevant engagement documentation .

Indeed , such documentation should make reference to the source of these objectives ; for example , enabling legislation or ministerial direction .
indeed , such documentation should make reference to the source of these [aims/goals] ; for example , enabling legislation or ministerial direction .

This report stated , inter alia , that efficiency auditing ‘ involves an evaluation of the effectiveness of administrative actions and decisions taken by management in achieving program objectives within the policy guidelines and legislative framework provided by government ’ .
this report stated , inter alia , that efficiency auditing ‘ involves an evaluation of the effectiveness of administrative actions and decisions taken by management in achieving program [aims/goals] within the policy guidelines and legislative framework provided by government ’ .

It is the government 's view that the actual cash spent must be considered in relation to , and made consistent with , the government 's objectives for taxation , the borrowing requirements and the money supply .
it is the government 's view that the actual cash spent must be considered in relation to , and made consistent with , the government 's [aims/goals] for taxation , the borrowing requirements and the money supply .

The objectives of each initiative should be clearly described , along with information on what has been achieved to date , and what is planned to be achieved .
the [aims/goals] of each initiative should be clearly described , along with information on what has been achieved to date , and what is planned to be achieved .

For each agency , departments should provide information on gross and net cash provision , and manpower and other establishment costs , along with a description of its aims , objectives and efforts to provide value for money .
for each agency , departments should provide information on gross and net cash provision , and manpower and other establishment costs , along with a description of its aims , [aims/goals] and efforts to provide value for money .

objectives set by the government and by the industry itself ;
[aims/goals] set by the government and by the industry itself ;

The aim of the financial management initiative is to promote in each department an organization and system in which managers at all levels have : ( a ) a clear view of their objectives and means to assess and , wherever possible , measure outputs or performance in relation to their objectives ; ( b ) well-defined responsibility for making the best use of resources , including a critical scrutiny of output and value for money ; and ( c ) the information ( particularly about costs ) , the training and the access to expert advice that they need to exercise their responsibilities effectively .
the aim of the financial management initiative is to promote in each department an organization and system in which managers at all levels have : ( a ) a clear view of their [aims/goals] and means to assess and , wherever possible , measure outputs or performance in relation to their [aims/goals] ; ( b ) well-defined responsibility for making the best use of resources , including a critical scrutiny of output and value for money ; and ( c ) the information ( particularly about costs ) , the training and the access to expert advice that they need to exercise their responsibilities effectively .

This person is responsible for management leadership within a framework of policy objectives and resources set by the responsible minister , in consultation with the Treasury .
this person is responsible for management leadership within a framework of policy [aims/goals] and resources set by the responsible minister , in consultation with the treasury .

Broadcasting objectives and market data among technical people , rather than channelling specific kinds of information to individuals , and being non-directive in work assignments might be an appropriate management strategy here . However , it must be remembered that
broadcasting [aims/goals] and market data among technical people , rather than channelling specific kinds of information to individuals , and being non-directive in work assignments might be an appropriate management strategy here . however , it must be remembered that

Gordon ( 1966 ) discussed the characteristics of individuals needed under different combinations of predictability and urgency , the former referring to the extent to which the administrators of a project feel that the steps necessary to achieve their research objectives are predeterminable , and the latter to the need of the organization for rapid research results .
gordon ( 1966 ) discussed the characteristics of individuals needed under different combinations of predictability and urgency , the former referring to the extent to which the administrators of a project feel that the steps necessary to achieve their research [aims/goals] are predeterminable , and the latter to the need of the organization for rapid research results .

It raises important questions about issues such as clarity of objectives , coordination and commitment , roles in teams , the value of planning techniques and of milestone monitoring .
it raises important questions about issues such as clarity of [aims/goals] , coordination and commitment , roles in teams , the value of planning techniques and of milestone monitoring .

Many managers are chronically overextended and may view a new idea as an annoyance , or at best , a distraction that interferes with assigned objectives .
many managers are chronically overextended and may view a new idea as an annoyance , or at best , a distraction that interferes with assigned [aims/goals] .

Many organizations fail to disclose the corporate mission , strategy , and business objectives to their employees , fearing that knowledge of this would provide the competition with an advantage .
many organizations fail to disclose the corporate mission , strategy , and business [aims/goals] to their employees , fearing that knowledge of this would provide the competition with an advantage .

Several departments and levels may be represented in the groups which come together and accomplish more or less well defined objectives and then disperse .
several departments and levels may be represented in the groups which come together and accomplish more or less well defined [aims/goals] and then disperse .

Here , one person is appointed as manager and given full responsibility for achieving the objectives of the project .
here , one person is appointed as manager and given full responsibility for achieving the [aims/goals] of the project .

Organization one should clarify long-term objectives , degree of freedom of the venture , and how closely it will be connected with the original sponsor
organization one should clarify long-term [aims/goals] , degree of freedom of the venture , and how closely it will be connected with the original sponsor

In short , we may recognise three sources for the similarities in bylaws of common field farming in the East Midlands : first , a pattern of intermingled parcels of land involving all classes of tenants and lords ; second , some commonly accepted principles governing social life , which may fairly be regarded as the necessary outcome of the first proposition ; third , a similar physical environment which influenced the choice of farming objectives ; and last , similar economic pressures arising from the basic human need for food , and developing along similar lines , as the market in agricultural produce expanded and communities were driven to pursue change in the same general direction . ( p. 263 )
in short , we may recognise three sources for the similarities in bylaws of common field farming in the east midlands : first , a pattern of intermingled parcels of land involving all classes of tenants and lords ; second , some commonly accepted principles governing social life , which may fairly be regarded as the necessary outcome of the first proposition ; third , a similar physical environment which influenced the choice of farming [aims/goals] ; and last , similar economic pressures arising from the basic human need for food , and developing along similar lines , as the market in agricultural produce expanded and communities were driven to pursue change in the same general direction . ( p. 263 )

In a bureaucracy such as a pollution control agency , the organizing principle is administrative efficiency — ‘ an orientation to the expeditious attainment of the given objectives ’ ( Blau , 1963 : 264 ) — which reaches down to the field officer in the form of a number of imperatives about getting the job done in certain ways that have profound implications for his exercise of discretion .
in a bureaucracy such as a pollution control agency , the organizing principle is administrative efficiency — ‘ an orientation to the expeditious attainment of the given [aims/goals] ’ ( blau , 1963 : 264 ) — which reaches down to the field officer in the form of a number of imperatives about getting the job done in certain ways that have profound implications for his exercise of discretion .

Zero-based budgeting , cost-benefit analysis , management by objectives — the application of management techniques which demand the assessment of highly operationalised programme goals as a guide to financial allocations ;
zero-based budgeting , cost-benefit analysis , management by [aims/goals] — the application of management techniques which demand the assessment of highly operationalised programme goals as a guide to financial allocations ;

Better Schools indicated the duty the governors would have in determining the curricular aims and objectives , and subsequent Education Acts have put this into legislation .
better schools indicated the duty the governors would have in determining the curricular aims and [aims/goals] , and subsequent education acts have put this into legislation .

Indeed , evaluation is regarded as an important stage in ‘ rational planning ’ or ‘ objectives ’ models of curriculum design , which rest on the assumption that education is a means towards ends .
indeed , evaluation is regarded as an important stage in ‘ rational planning ’ or ‘ [aims/goals] ’ models of curriculum design , which rest on the assumption that education is a means towards ends .

Thereafter , the task of evaluation is to ascertain whether or not the pre-specified goals ( aims and objectives ) have been achieved .
thereafter , the task of evaluation is to ascertain whether or not the pre-specified goals ( aims and [aims/goals] ) have been achieved .

Popham , 1967 ) to emphasise the need to specify aims and objectives in precise behavioural terms .
popham , 1967 ) to emphasise the need to specify aims and [aims/goals] in precise behavioural terms .

Some of these are in fundamental disagreement with the assumption on which the rational-planning or objectives models rest .
some of these are in fundamental disagreement with the assumption on which the rational-planning or [aims/goals] models rest .

The critique of the objectives model and the erection of an alternative paradigm was the central theme of an important book by Stenhouse ( 1975 ) .
the critique of the [aims/goals] model and the erection of an alternative paradigm was the central theme of an important book by stenhouse ( 1975 ) .

In this he pointed out that whilst the objectives model might be appropriate to those parts of education concerned with skills training and instruction ( acquisition of information ) , it was of no help in the area of understanding ( induction into thought systems ) .
in this he pointed out that whilst the [aims/goals] model might be appropriate to those parts of education concerned with skills training and instruction ( acquisition of information ) , it was of no help in the area of understanding ( induction into thought systems ) .

Although she argues mainly for process evaluation at whole-school level , her account is representative of a growing genre of writing on insider evaluation , which is generally opposed to the objectives approach .
although she argues mainly for process evaluation at whole-school level , her account is representative of a growing genre of writing on insider evaluation , which is generally opposed to the [aims/goals] approach .

It became clear to the teachers that many of the objectives of the research model identified above could be achieved by building up skills of co-observation and self-evaluation within and between teachers .
it became clear to the teachers that many of the [aims/goals] of the research model identified above could be achieved by building up skills of co-observation and self-evaluation within and between teachers .

The pragmatics of all these statements — the ways they are used to produce certain effects on the people to whom they are addressed — are thus tied to their propaganda value for particular campaigns or positions , or to their instrumental value in furthering the personal or political objectives of particular individuals or groups .
the pragmatics of all these statements — the ways they are used to produce certain effects on the people to whom they are addressed — are thus tied to their propaganda value for particular campaigns or positions , or to their instrumental value in furthering the personal or political [aims/goals] of particular individuals or groups .

Difficulties arise with such techniques when it is necessary to choose both the objectives and constraint forms for a design condition that contains a large number of conflicting requirements .
difficulties arise with such techniques when it is necessary to choose both the [aims/goals] and constraint forms for a design condition that contains a large number of conflicting requirements .

The most appropriate approach might comprise of a combination of the two used in the early stages of design , with an optimization option being employed when the design possibilities have been explored and the parameters , constraints and objectives are no longer likely to change .
the most appropriate approach might comprise of a combination of the two used in the early stages of design , with an optimization option being employed when the design possibilities have been explored and the parameters , constraints and [aims/goals] are no longer likely to change .

With there often being many routes to approximately similar goals , there would appear to be little to be gained from studying these developing routes through the design process , However , the constraints and objectives set on the way are seen to `` steer `` the designers towards similar goals by differing paths .
with there often being many routes to approximately similar goals , there would appear to be little to be gained from studying these developing routes through the design process , however , the constraints and [aims/goals] set on the way are seen to `` steer `` the designers towards similar goals by differing paths .

Then the test of any technique you use with video becomes the same as the test of anything else you do — does it help the achievement of your objectives ?
then the test of any technique you use with video becomes the same as the test of anything else you do — does it help the achievement of your [aims/goals] ?

But you as a teacher in the classroom with your own learners and your own objectives can take all of that for granted .
but you as a teacher in the classroom with your own learners and your own [aims/goals] can take all of that for granted .

It ends with a look at uses appropriate to learning objectives at different levels .
it ends with a look at uses appropriate to learning [aims/goals] at different levels .

When a recording of a student performance is done mainly for motivational purposes , the language learning objectives are achieved through the performance of the task itself .
when a recording of a student performance is done mainly for motivational purposes , the language learning [aims/goals] are achieved through the performance of the task itself .

— Are the objectives of the exercise clear ?
— are the [aims/goals] of the exercise clear ?

This type of recording requires considerably more sophistication in equipment , operation of the equipment and , above all , in the production skills of planning to meet educational objectives through an effective use of the medium .
this type of recording requires considerably more sophistication in equipment , operation of the equipment and , above all , in the production skills of planning to meet educational [aims/goals] through an effective use of the medium .

— What job is the material intended to do ? ( i.e. What are the objectives ? )
— what job is the material intended to do ? ( i.e. what are the [aims/goals] ? )

It is quite obvious that the image of an unbridled libertine is a total myth : Lloyd George was above all the complete professional politician dedicated to public objectives , not to private lust …
it is quite obvious that the image of an unbridled libertine is a total myth : lloyd george was above all the complete professional politician dedicated to public [aims/goals] , not to private lust …

These objectives are largely the same for all Advanced level examinations .
these [aims/goals] are largely the same for all advanced level examinations .

the order of the objectives reveals something of the process of historical writing .
the order of the [aims/goals] reveals something of the process of historical writing .

The last of these objectives is most important , since understanding it will make the difference between good and bad essays or grades .
the last of these [aims/goals] is most important , since understanding it will make the difference between good and bad essays or grades .

2. marks are awarded in line with these objectives .
2. marks are awarded in line with these [aims/goals] .

Remind yourself of the objectives of the examination questions ( p.65 ) .
remind yourself of the [aims/goals] of the examination questions ( p.65 ) .

There is still , however , a gap between social and physical planning ; structure plans may set broad social and economic objectives , but the powers available to the planners relate largely to land use control over specific development proposals .
there is still , however , a gap between social and physical planning ; structure plans may set broad social and economic [aims/goals] , but the powers available to the planners relate largely to land use control over specific development proposals .

But before investigating these opportunities and constraints it is necessary to outline what one takes ‘ socialist objectives ’ to be , in broad terms .
but before investigating these opportunities and constraints it is necessary to outline what one takes ‘ socialist [aims/goals] ’ to be , in broad terms .

The object now is to analyse the implications of the current structure of economic class relations for these objectives , and therefore also to render more precise the objectives .
the object now is to analyse the implications of the current structure of economic class relations for these [aims/goals] , and therefore also to render more precise the [aims/goals] .

And if ‘ planning ’ is now possible at the level of the giant enterprise , perhaps straddling several branches of production , then the planning of the economy to meet social objectives is at least ‘ put on the agenda ’ : what was only a long run historical speculation in the era of smaller-scale entrepreneurial capitalism begins to look like an economically feasible proposition .
and if ‘ planning ’ is now possible at the level of the giant enterprise , perhaps straddling several branches of production , then the planning of the economy to meet social [aims/goals] is at least ‘ put on the agenda ’ : what was only a long run historical speculation in the era of smaller-scale entrepreneurial capitalism begins to look like an economically feasible proposition .

But the type of argument advanced by Rowthorn carries the implication that nationalisation of modern international enterprises represents , in one respect , a restriction of the scope of economic calculation by tying it to national objectives .
but the type of argument advanced by rowthorn carries the implication that nationalisation of modern international enterprises represents , in one respect , a restriction of the scope of economic calculation by tying it to national [aims/goals] .

Although it will not do to assume that political developments in different nation states will ever be sufficiently ‘ synchronised ’ to avoid entirely the problems of advancing the socialist project in one country , or a restricted group of countries , this consideration does point to the vital need for maximum international coordination in the pursuit of socialist objectives .
although it will not do to assume that political developments in different nation states will ever be sufficiently ‘ synchronised ’ to avoid entirely the problems of advancing the socialist project in one country , or a restricted group of countries , this consideration does point to the vital need for maximum international coordination in the pursuit of socialist [aims/goals] .

But if Marx 's arguments were valid in their historical context , they should not be allowed to block the development of concrete proposals which , although not acting as historical blueprints , could help to more accurately define , and hence mobilise support for , socialist objectives .
but if marx 's arguments were valid in their historical context , they should not be allowed to block the development of concrete proposals which , although not acting as historical blueprints , could help to more accurately define , and hence mobilise support for , socialist [aims/goals] .

Such decision-making at enterprise level could , of course , involve encouraging the development of ‘ workers ’ plans ' from the ‘ bottom upward ’ — only rational planning would require that the implementation of these be considered in the light of broad social objectives .
such decision-making at enterprise level could , of course , involve encouraging the development of ‘ workers ’ plans ' from the ‘ bottom upward ’ — only rational planning would require that the implementation of these be considered in the light of broad social [aims/goals] .

It becomes very hard to see how the ‘ revolutionary moment ’ will ever arise in the absence of struggles to construct alternative forms of social organisation of production which might ‘ prefigure ’ and win support for socialist objectives unless , in a surely discredited formula , oppositional industrial militancy has an intrinsic tendency to revolutionary socialism .
it becomes very hard to see how the ‘ revolutionary moment ’ will ever arise in the absence of struggles to construct alternative forms of social organisation of production which might ‘ prefigure ’ and win support for socialist [aims/goals] unless , in a surely discredited formula , oppositional industrial militancy has an intrinsic tendency to revolutionary socialism .

Political forces may build ( or attempt to build ) support for their objectives by fostering the development of certain pertinent social collectivities ( e.g. ‘ the nation ’ , the ‘ anti-monopoly alliance ’ , the ‘ revolutionary proletariat ’ ) , unifying their own supporters in specific ways while dividing or confusing their opponents .
political forces may build ( or attempt to build ) support for their [aims/goals] by fostering the development of certain pertinent social collectivities ( e.g. ‘ the nation ’ , the ‘ anti-monopoly alliance ’ , the ‘ revolutionary proletariat ’ ) , unifying their own supporters in specific ways while dividing or confusing their opponents .

This influential view suggested that social democracy in the mixed economy had to reculer pour mieux sauter : it was necessary to call a halt to the expansion of public sector service expenditure to allow an industrial regeneration , which would then , at some later stage , permit social objectives to be given priority again .
this influential view suggested that social democracy in the mixed economy had to reculer pour mieux sauter : it was necessary to call a halt to the expansion of public sector service expenditure to allow an industrial regeneration , which would then , at some later stage , permit social [aims/goals] to be given priority again .

Veblen took pleasure in representing that in a society as dedicated to practical efficiency as the United States emulation should have been directed to the pursuit of objectives as conspicuously useless and therefore wasteful as gold or precious stones .
veblen took pleasure in representing that in a society as dedicated to practical efficiency as the united states emulation should have been directed to the pursuit of [aims/goals] as conspicuously useless and therefore wasteful as gold or precious stones .

It is important in considering the possibility of a secure placement , that there is a clear view of the aims and objectives of such a placement and that those providing the accommodation can fully meet those aims and objectives .
it is important in considering the possibility of a secure placement , that there is a clear view of the aims and [aims/goals] of such a placement and that those providing the accommodation can fully meet those aims and [aims/goals] .

‘ The magistrates were under a duty to ensure that there was a clear view of the aims and objectives of a secure accommodation placement and that those providing the accommodation could fully meet those aims and objectives .
‘ the magistrates were under a duty to ensure that there was a clear view of the aims and [aims/goals] of a secure accommodation placement and that those providing the accommodation could fully meet those aims and [aims/goals] .

Not only do we lack a clearly articulated set of policy objectives , in the absence of a coordinating Ministry of Justice , we also lack the necessary institutional framework within which such a strategy could be implemented .
not only do we lack a clearly articulated set of policy [aims/goals] , in the absence of a coordinating ministry of justice , we also lack the necessary institutional framework within which such a strategy could be implemented .

This is partly because , as we have seen , the Court of Appeal showed no inclination to formulate a coherent set of sentencing aims for the guidance of sentencers , and partly because the self-regulatory mechanisms on which it sought to rely in the pursuit of its more limited policy objectives were themselves seriously defective .
this is partly because , as we have seen , the court of appeal showed no inclination to formulate a coherent set of sentencing aims for the guidance of sentencers , and partly because the self-regulatory mechanisms on which it sought to rely in the pursuit of its more limited policy [aims/goals] were themselves seriously defective .

The lesson of this period is that this type of legislation by itself , even when backed by executive exhortation , is insufficient to change sentencing outcomes ; and that unless sentencing discretion is restricted there is little hope of modifying sentencers ' own objectives in the pursuit of policy goals favoured by the executive ( Sabol , 1990 ) .
the lesson of this period is that this type of legislation by itself , even when backed by executive exhortation , is insufficient to change sentencing outcomes ; and that unless sentencing discretion is restricted there is little hope of modifying sentencers ' own [aims/goals] in the pursuit of policy goals favoured by the executive ( sabol , 1990 ) .

’ Creating a plan entailed identifying the business ' objectives , projecting profit and cash flow , and predicting market share .
’ creating a plan entailed identifying the business ' [aims/goals] , projecting profit and cash flow , and predicting market share .

Moreover , to see policies as having objectives may involve confusing the character of the policies with the motives and purposes of the people who advocate , adopt and implement them .
moreover , to see policies as having [aims/goals] may involve confusing the character of the policies with the motives and purposes of the people who advocate , adopt and implement them .

Social policy is seen as concerned with the alleviation of social ills ; its objectives are accepted at face value ; and it is analysed in terms of its success in achieving such goals .
social policy is seen as concerned with the alleviation of social ills ; its [aims/goals] are accepted at face value ; and it is analysed in terms of its success in achieving such goals .

Inflation was , however , increasing , and public resources were , as ever , limited and in great demand for a wide range of policy objectives .
inflation was , however , increasing , and public resources were , as ever , limited and in great demand for a wide range of policy [aims/goals] .

Many policies will be complex , setting out to achieve objectives x , x 1 , x 2 … under conditions y , y 1 , y 2 … These complexities may very well complicate the implementation process .
many policies will be complex , setting out to achieve [aims/goals] x , x 1 , x 2 … under conditions y , y 1 , y 2 … these complexities may very well complicate the implementation process .

Others will involve vague and ambiguous specifications of objectives and conditions .
others will involve vague and ambiguous specifications of [aims/goals] and conditions .

The central objectives of economic policy were , therefore , to reduce inflation by control of the money supply , to restore incentives by reductions in direct taxation , and to stabilize public spending .
the central [aims/goals] of economic policy were , therefore , to reduce inflation by control of the money supply , to restore incentives by reductions in direct taxation , and to stabilize public spending .

The report also urges greater communication , especially between consultants and general practitioners , not just about waiting times but about referral objectives and patient follow up too .
the report also urges greater communication , especially between consultants and general practitioners , not just about waiting times but about referral [aims/goals] and patient follow up too .

Thirdly , the chapter has suggested that , in seeking to reconcile these conflicting objectives , mothers ( and fathers ) have to look to others for help .
thirdly , the chapter has suggested that , in seeking to reconcile these conflicting [aims/goals] , mothers ( and fathers ) have to look to others for help .

it was the story of South Africa 's international summer , one in which they briefly touched heights and revealed glimpses of talent yet never quite reached their ultimate objectives in their travels through India , Australia , New Zealand and finally in the Caribbean .
it was the story of south africa 's international summer , one in which they briefly touched heights and revealed glimpses of talent yet never quite reached their ultimate [aims/goals] in their travels through india , australia , new zealand and finally in the caribbean .

Dean said : ‘ At a time when government health policy objectives indicate that we need more not fewer community nurses , some health authorities have indicated that the number of district nurses may be halved .
dean said : ‘ at a time when government health policy [aims/goals] indicate that we need more not fewer community nurses , some health authorities have indicated that the number of district nurses may be halved .

This would ensure services are provided in line with government objectives .
this would ensure services are provided in line with government [aims/goals] .

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

It is abundantly clear that Mr Radice has two main objectives — to ensure that the Department of Health is required to give its reasons why a product licence for a medicine is granted , revoked , or suspended , and to ensure that patients are provided with better and more comprehensive information about the risks and benefits of the medicines that are prescribed for them .
it is abundantly clear that mr radice has two main [aims/goals] — to ensure that the department of health is required to give its reasons why a product licence for a medicine is granted , revoked , or suspended , and to ensure that patients are provided with better and more comprehensive information about the risks and benefits of the medicines that are prescribed for them .

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

Perhaps it is time to rethink the objectives of this aspect of health promotion .
perhaps it is time to rethink the [aims/goals] of this aspect of health promotion .

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

Stage 3 : Assessing need — Understanding individual needs , relating them to agency policies and priorities , and agreeing the objectives for any intervention .
stage 3 : assessing need — understanding individual needs , relating them to agency policies and priorities , and agreeing the [aims/goals] for any intervention .

Stage 4 : Care planning — Negotiating the most appropriate ways of achieving the objectives identified by the assessment of need and incorporating them into an individual care plan .
stage 4 : care planning — negotiating the most appropriate ways of achieving the [aims/goals] identified by the assessment of need and incorporating them into an individual care plan .

In a complementary initiative , a wide ranging analysis of the health care system — the National Health Strategy — has as one of its main objectives to improve the equitable impact of the health system .
in a complementary initiative , a wide ranging analysis of the health care system — the national health strategy — has as one of its main [aims/goals] to improve the equitable impact of the health system .

Editor , — In her review of methods of assessing students Stella Lowry argues the need for methods of assessment that match learning objectives .
editor , — in her review of methods of assessing students stella lowry argues the need for methods of assessment that match learning [aims/goals] .

The twentieth century has witnessed the realisation of these objectives , perhaps even beyond the horizons of Paracelsus 's fertile imagination .
the twentieth century has witnessed the realisation of these [aims/goals] , perhaps even beyond the horizons of paracelsus 's fertile imagination .

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

In the case of non-insulin treated patients the health care objectives which practices will then have to meet in order to qualify for diabetic care payments could be met by prompting structured care as in Islington .
in the case of non-insulin treated patients the health care [aims/goals] which practices will then have to meet in order to qualify for diabetic care payments could be met by prompting structured care as in islington .

2 Identification of achievable objectives to maintain/improve the physical and mental health of the person .
2 identification of achievable [aims/goals] to maintain/improve the physical and mental health of the person .

3 Production of treatment plans and programmes ( Medical/Nursing/Social and other care ) which are necessary to achieve the objectives .
3 production of treatment plans and programmes ( medical/nursing/social and other care ) which are necessary to achieve the [aims/goals] .

There is a danger that a Voluntary Organisation may lose sight of its basic aims and objectives and become so embroiled in service delivery that other areas are neglected .
there is a danger that a voluntary organisation may lose sight of its basic aims and [aims/goals] and become so embroiled in service delivery that other areas are neglected .

This is not a bad set of objectives for a team whose professional membership consists of one social worker , one community nurse and a psychologist , with administrative and social work assistance .
this is not a bad set of [aims/goals] for a team whose professional membership consists of one social worker , one community nurse and a psychologist , with administrative and social work assistance .

In this light , the attempts by CMHTs to develop realistic operational objectives may be seen as a process by which the respective priorities and range of expectations of the agencies providing community support services are more clearly specified .
in this light , the attempts by cmhts to develop realistic operational [aims/goals] may be seen as a process by which the respective priorities and range of expectations of the agencies providing community support services are more clearly specified .

And this also involves , crucially , the identification of areas where there are disagreements between agencies over objectives or methods .
and this also involves , crucially , the identification of areas where there are disagreements between agencies over [aims/goals] or methods .

What should be clear , however , is that whatever approach is arrived at is done through a thorough look at , and understanding of , the aims and objectives of the specific day care — and not by default .
what should be clear , however , is that whatever approach is arrived at is done through a thorough look at , and understanding of , the aims and [aims/goals] of the specific day care — and not by default .

In discussing future development of day care , current facilities must be examined as to their suitability in ensuring that the objectives of the day care can be effectively met .
in discussing future development of day care , current facilities must be examined as to their suitability in ensuring that the [aims/goals] of the day care can be effectively met .

Although evaluation is a complex issue , it is important in considering future development to ascertain whether day care is fulfilling its objectives as perceived both by the providers and also by the consumers of services .
although evaluation is a complex issue , it is important in considering future development to ascertain whether day care is fulfilling its [aims/goals] as perceived both by the providers and also by the consumers of services .

Over time , concessions have been made to incontinence , lack of mobility and degrees of mental frailty , but these have happened due to lack of resources elsewhere , as much as a response to carefully assessed needs of elderly people and their carers within clear objectives for residential care .
over time , concessions have been made to incontinence , lack of mobility and degrees of mental frailty , but these have happened due to lack of resources elsewhere , as much as a response to carefully assessed needs of elderly people and their carers within clear [aims/goals] for residential care .

What was interesting about the projects was that they were asked at the outset to establish their local objectives , and set criteria for success for themselves .
what was interesting about the projects was that they were asked at the outset to establish their local [aims/goals] , and set criteria for success for themselves .

They knew what the national objectives were ie to improve the wellbeing of people who moved ; not to be too expensive and to work jointly with other agencies — but what were their local objectives ?
they knew what the national [aims/goals] were ie to improve the wellbeing of people who moved ; not to be too expensive and to work jointly with other agencies — but what were their local [aims/goals] ?

Those objectives can be arranged schematically .
those [aims/goals] can be arranged schematically .

Local Objectives
local [aims/goals]

1 Finance objectives
1 finance [aims/goals]

Regime objectives
regime [aims/goals]

Service inputs objectives
service inputs [aims/goals]

Our evaluation has a number of objectives .
our evaluation has a number of [aims/goals] .

How do we evaluate the range of objectives that we are looking at and the range of outcome dimensions ?
how do we evaluate the range of [aims/goals] that we are looking at and the range of outcome dimensions ?

Overlaying local objectives are broader , system-wise objectives , for example efficiency objectives .
overlaying local [aims/goals] are broader , system-wise [aims/goals] , for example efficiency [aims/goals] .

They had as one of their objectives a broad attempt to provide efficient systems .
they had as one of their [aims/goals] a broad attempt to provide efficient systems .

2 Evaluating local objectives
2 evaluating local [aims/goals]

There is a self-willed flight forward here , a certain careerist mentality , a belief in the objectives of the company , a sense of purpose and an appetite for work encoded in this trajectory which mirrors the relentless flight forward of the son a generation later .
there is a self-willed flight forward here , a certain careerist mentality , a belief in the [aims/goals] of the company , a sense of purpose and an appetite for work encoded in this trajectory which mirrors the relentless flight forward of the son a generation later .

Because , Nizan asserts , Friedmann is unable to perceive the necessity of the organic link between theory and practice , he is led not only to the purely academic conclusion that it is incorrect to speak of the `` philosophy `` of either Lenin or Stalin , but also , and more significantly , to an inability to perceive the fundamentally different objectives pursued by Lenin and Trotsky . ``
because , nizan asserts , friedmann is unable to perceive the necessity of the organic link between theory and practice , he is led not only to the purely academic conclusion that it is incorrect to speak of the `` philosophy `` of either lenin or stalin , but also , and more significantly , to an inability to perceive the fundamentally different [aims/goals] pursued by lenin and trotsky . ``

Be that as it may , the discrepancy between the editorial objectives of Monde and its editorial practice was so great as to cause embarrassment in official communist circles , and to provoke open hostility from Young Turks such as Breton , Aragon and Nizan himself .
be that as it may , the discrepancy between the editorial [aims/goals] of monde and its editorial practice was so great as to cause embarrassment in official communist circles , and to provoke open hostility from young turks such as breton , aragon and nizan himself .

Retrospectively , socialist realism is being condemned on three counts : first , artistically , since the imposition of party dogma in the artistic field is viewed as creatively debilitating ; secondly , theoretically , since the subordination of cultural theory and practice to current political expediency is viewed as methodologically crude and inadequate ; thirdly , politically , since the exploitation of cultural activity to serve reprehensible Stalinist strategic objectives is viewed as morally unacceptable .
retrospectively , socialist realism is being condemned on three counts : first , artistically , since the imposition of party dogma in the artistic field is viewed as creatively debilitating ; secondly , theoretically , since the subordination of cultural theory and practice to current political expediency is viewed as methodologically crude and inadequate ; thirdly , politically , since the exploitation of cultural activity to serve reprehensible stalinist strategic [aims/goals] is viewed as morally unacceptable .

The objectives in this section , therefore , are twofold : first , to present the initial phase of socialist realism ( 1934–9 ) as a product of a given historical experience and attempt in the process to elucidate the undoubted attraction that Soviet communism and socialist realism exerted on many French intellectuals of the time ; secondly , to review the criticisms of socialist realism made both by supporters and opponents of the movement , not in order to resolve the highly problematical issues at stake , but in order rather to highlight the nexus of problems and difficulties associated with socialist realism and , very specifically , to draw up an agenda , both political and formal , for discussion when analyzing Nizan 's communist novels .
the [aims/goals] in this section , therefore , are twofold : first , to present the initial phase of socialist realism ( 1934–9 ) as a product of a given historical experience and attempt in the process to elucidate the undoubted attraction that soviet communism and socialist realism exerted on many french intellectuals of the time ; secondly , to review the criticisms of socialist realism made both by supporters and opponents of the movement , not in order to resolve the highly problematical issues at stake , but in order rather to highlight the nexus of problems and difficulties associated with socialist realism and , very specifically , to draw up an agenda , both political and formal , for discussion when analyzing nizan 's communist novels .

When Radek divided world literature into three camps , `` the literature of decaying capitalism , inevitably evolving towards fascism , the new proletarian literature , and the literature of the wavering elements `` , he merely underlined the extent to which cultural activity in the 1930s had become subordinated to ideological objectives .
when radek divided world literature into three camps , `` the literature of decaying capitalism , inevitably evolving towards fascism , the new proletarian literature , and the literature of the wavering elements `` , he merely underlined the extent to which cultural activity in the 1930s had become subordinated to ideological [aims/goals] .

It masks its true intentions , it conceals the objectives that it secretly pursues : these objectives can not be disclosed .
it masks its true intentions , it conceals the [aims/goals] that it secretly pursues : these [aims/goals] can not be disclosed .

It publicises its objectives frankly and honestly .
it publicises its [aims/goals] frankly and honestly .

Literature is viewed primarily as an ideological process , either implicit or explicit , depending on its reactionary or revolutionary objectives .
literature is viewed primarily as an ideological process , either implicit or explicit , depending on its reactionary or revolutionary [aims/goals] .

It might appear that these two objectives are mutually incompatible , and simply betray a naive confusion in Nizan 's mind between the ideological and the aesthetic .
it might appear that these two [aims/goals] are mutually incompatible , and simply betray a naive confusion in nizan 's mind between the ideological and the aesthetic .

This training was to elucidate the objectives of the study , to familiarise interviewers with the questionnaire , and to prepare them for conducting interviews on intimate and possibly sensitive questions .
this training was to elucidate the [aims/goals] of the study , to familiarise interviewers with the questionnaire , and to prepare them for conducting interviews on intimate and possibly sensitive questions .

Broadly , they have tended to divide into two recognisable breeds ; the ‘ big idea ’ exponents ( Porter on competitive advantage , Warren Bennis and Britain 's John Adair on leadership , Theodore Levitt on marketing , Edward de Bono on lateral thinking ) and the protean thinkers who scan the horizons of work and society ( Peter , Handy and Drucker , who thought of almost every management concept from ‘ management by objectives ’ to privatization a generation before anyone else ) .
broadly , they have tended to divide into two recognisable breeds ; the ‘ big idea ’ exponents ( porter on competitive advantage , warren bennis and britain 's john adair on leadership , theodore levitt on marketing , edward de bono on lateral thinking ) and the protean thinkers who scan the horizons of work and society ( peter , handy and drucker , who thought of almost every management concept from ‘ management by [aims/goals] ’ to privatization a generation before anyone else ) .

Supervisors , objectives , diaries , assessment , and feedback would all help
supervisors , [aims/goals] , diaries , assessment , and feedback would all help

With each post should come a set of educational objectives setting out the knowledge and skills that the doctor should have acquired by the end of the post .
with each post should come a set of educational [aims/goals] setting out the knowledge and skills that the doctor should have acquired by the end of the post .

By comparing past experience with the set objectives the doctors , together with their supervisors , could establish their own personal objectives for the post .
by comparing past experience with the set [aims/goals] the doctors , together with their supervisors , could establish their own personal [aims/goals] for the post .

Several colleges have produced suggested objectives , and in some places course organisers for vocational training schemes have worked with local consultants to set up educational objectives for senior house officers who are trainee general practitioners .
several colleges have produced suggested [aims/goals] , and in some places course organisers for vocational training schemes have worked with local consultants to set up educational [aims/goals] for senior house officers who are trainee general practitioners .

Armed with their set of personal educational objectives , doctors are in a much better position to identify what they can learn from their day to day work .
armed with their set of personal educational [aims/goals] , doctors are in a much better position to identify what they can learn from their day to day work .

Such a record should include the educational objectives for the post together with a system for recording whether these have been achieved and applied .
such a record should include the educational [aims/goals] for the post together with a system for recording whether these have been achieved and applied .

This record should be regularly reviewed by the educational supervisor , whose responsibility would be to ensure that senior house officers had every opportunity to meet their specified objectives and that any gaps in relevant experience were readily identified and rectified .
this record should be regularly reviewed by the educational supervisor , whose responsibility would be to ensure that senior house officers had every opportunity to meet their specified [aims/goals] and that any gaps in relevant experience were readily identified and rectified .

After personal educational objectives have been set for each doctor the educational process should be completed by assessment of whether these objectives have been fulfilled .
after personal educational [aims/goals] have been set for each doctor the educational process should be completed by assessment of whether these [aims/goals] have been fulfilled .

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

This is made worse by the lack of clear objectives for the health service to which the formula can respond and attempt to follow .
this is made worse by the lack of clear [aims/goals] for the health service to which the formula can respond and attempt to follow .

The plan was intended to achieve several French objectives vis-à-vis Germany .
the plan was intended to achieve several french [aims/goals] vis-à-vis germany .

Special education has for a long time been fertile ground for curricula based on linear models of learning , guided and assessed through hierarchies of objectives .
special education has for a long time been fertile ground for curricula based on linear models of learning , guided and assessed through hierarchies of [aims/goals] .

Yet the statements of attainment are in most cases much less detailed than the sequences of behavioural objectives in use in many special schools .
yet the statements of attainment are in most cases much less detailed than the sequences of behavioural [aims/goals] in use in many special schools .

The proposed remedy is more detailed : ‘ Statements of attainment are best regarded as long term objectives which provide the framework , allowing teachers and pupils freedom to choose short term objectives and related activities , materials instructions and criteria ’ ( Reason 1989 : 150 ) .
the proposed remedy is more detailed : ‘ statements of attainment are best regarded as long term [aims/goals] which provide the framework , allowing teachers and pupils freedom to choose short term [aims/goals] and related activities , materials instructions and criteria ’ ( reason 1989 : 150 ) .

This ‘ authoritarian corporatism ’ is clearly much removed from Scandinavian corporatism proposed as part of reformist political objectives by Mishra ( 1984 ) .
this ‘ authoritarian corporatism ’ is clearly much removed from scandinavian corporatism proposed as part of reformist political [aims/goals] by mishra ( 1984 ) .

The objectives in relation to each area were to control urban sprawl and preserve the inner areas as housing locations , to use land availability as part of a programme of economic regeneration and preserve sites suitable for large-scale developments , and to maintain existing shopping centres in a viable condition .
the [aims/goals] in relation to each area were to control urban sprawl and preserve the inner areas as housing locations , to use land availability as part of a programme of economic regeneration and preserve sites suitable for large-scale developments , and to maintain existing shopping centres in a viable condition .

When the North Tyneside District Labour Party drew up a programme of objectives for the new authority in 1973 , it placed considerable emphasis on new house building .
when the north tyneside district labour party drew up a programme of [aims/goals] for the new authority in 1973 , it placed considerable emphasis on new house building .

The declared characteristics of tribunals specified in the Franks Report were ‘ cheapness , accessibility and freedom from technicality , expedition and expert knowledge of the particular subject ’ and stated that the objectives of tribunal procedure are ‘ openness , fairness and impartiality ’ .
the declared characteristics of tribunals specified in the franks report were ‘ cheapness , accessibility and freedom from technicality , expedition and expert knowledge of the particular subject ’ and stated that the [aims/goals] of tribunal procedure are ‘ openness , fairness and impartiality ’ .

The consultation paper also proposes the abolition of pre-hearing assessments and the substitution of a pre-hearing review by a chairman acting alone which would have three objectives :
the consultation paper also proposes the abolition of pre-hearing assessments and the substitution of a pre-hearing review by a chairman acting alone which would have three [aims/goals] :

This chapter is concerned , with the practice and procedure of appeals from courts and the appellate tribunals , and , with an introduction to the general objectives of appeals in civil cases .
this chapter is concerned , with the practice and procedure of appeals from courts and the appellate tribunals , and , with an introduction to the general [aims/goals] of appeals in civil cases .

The fact is that unless you have a reasonable understanding of what advertising can and can not achieve , you have absolutely no way of deciding what its role in a marketing programme is , what objectives should be set for it , and how to measure whether it has achieved those objectives .
the fact is that unless you have a reasonable understanding of what advertising can and can not achieve , you have absolutely no way of deciding what its role in a marketing programme is , what [aims/goals] should be set for it , and how to measure whether it has achieved those [aims/goals] .

Now , if you set these changes against the objectives of the concurrent advertising campaigns for these brands , expressed in terms of changes of attitude , you find — if you are lucky — that the attitudes have , indeed , changed in the intended direction .
now , if you set these changes against the [aims/goals] of the concurrent advertising campaigns for these brands , expressed in terms of changes of attitude , you find — if you are lucky — that the attitudes have , indeed , changed in the intended direction .

In the majority , however , this is the task of the account executive , whose job it is to take the client 's brief , ask the appropriate questions , and translate the brief into clear objectives for the creative team to work to .
in the majority , however , this is the task of the account executive , whose job it is to take the client 's brief , ask the appropriate questions , and translate the brief into clear [aims/goals] for the creative team to work to .

Objectives and strategies
[aims/goals] and strategies

Marketing objectives are specific targets set in terms of sales , profit , share , distribution , consumer penetration , re-purchase , etc .
marketing [aims/goals] are specific targets set in terms of sales , profit , share , distribution , consumer penetration , re-purchase , etc .

Marketing strategy is the statement of the means by which the objectives can be achieved .
marketing strategy is the statement of the means by which the [aims/goals] can be achieved .

Advertising objectives are more or less specific statements of what is to be achieved by advertising , in terms of ( for example ) increased awareness , or improved scores on certain attitude scales .
advertising [aims/goals] are more or less specific statements of what is to be achieved by advertising , in terms of ( for example ) increased awareness , or improved scores on certain attitude scales .

Advertising strategy is a statement of how the objectives are to be achieved , in terms of creative content and media deployment .
advertising strategy is a statement of how the [aims/goals] are to be achieved , in terms of creative content and media deployment .

For the creative department of the agency , then , there are specific creative objectives , to be achieved through the fulfilment of creative strategy .
for the creative department of the agency , then , there are specific creative [aims/goals] , to be achieved through the fulfilment of creative strategy .

This reflects , primarily , the client 's objectives for the brand — what are the targets , in terms of sales , market share , consumer purchasing and usage ? But to these targets needs to be added an analysis of what must be achieved in order to obtain them , in terms of both the behaviour and attitude of consumers : and of more functional matters such as ( for example ) greatly improved distribution — to put it in what is , from the agency 's point of view , the most defensive way possible , it is too easy to blame the advertising when the sales force has failed to achieve the necessary levels of retail distribution to support the required sales .
this reflects , primarily , the client 's [aims/goals] for the brand — what are the targets , in terms of sales , market share , consumer purchasing and usage ? but to these targets needs to be added an analysis of what must be achieved in order to obtain them , in terms of both the behaviour and attitude of consumers : and of more functional matters such as ( for example ) greatly improved distribution — to put it in what is , from the agency 's point of view , the most defensive way possible , it is too easy to blame the advertising when the sales force has failed to achieve the necessary levels of retail distribution to support the required sales .

, their specific roles in meeting the objectives .
, their specific roles in meeting the [aims/goals] .

Advertising objectives and strategy
advertising [aims/goals] and strategy

On the basis of this analysis , it is possible to develop specific objectives and creative and media strategies for the advertising .
on the basis of this analysis , it is possible to develop specific [aims/goals] and creative and media strategies for the advertising .

Planning and advertising : objectives and strategy
planning and advertising : [aims/goals] and strategy

Once the role of the advertising has been defined , it becomes reasonably straightforward to set objectives for the advertising , which will usually be rather more specific interpretations of the role statement , including where possible specific targets , measurable by specific research .
once the role of the advertising has been defined , it becomes reasonably straightforward to set [aims/goals] for the advertising , which will usually be rather more specific interpretations of the role statement , including where possible specific targets , measurable by specific research .

The sort of objectives which are appropriate for advertising are objectives concerned with awareness and understanding of the brand , and with the attitudes and opinions people have about the brand .
the sort of [aims/goals] which are appropriate for advertising are [aims/goals] concerned with awareness and understanding of the brand , and with the attitudes and opinions people have about the brand .

Ideally , objectives should be quantified .
ideally , [aims/goals] should be quantified .

For a new or growing brand , the objectives will refer to the same sort of aspects of the market situation , but will be more concerned with increasing awareness , in developing a favourable view of the product , and persuading new buyers to try the product .
for a new or growing brand , the [aims/goals] will refer to the same sort of aspects of the market situation , but will be more concerned with increasing awareness , in developing a favourable view of the product , and persuading new buyers to try the product .

Setting the objectives , then , is at least moderately straightforward , though it can be made more complex by the addition of sub-objectives relating to secondary groups of consumers , and there is always room for argument as to how much it is realistic to expect to achieve .
setting the [aims/goals] , then , is at least moderately straightforward , though it can be made more complex by the addition of sub-objectives relating to secondary groups of consumers , and there is always room for argument as to how much it is realistic to expect to achieve .

The difficult part — at least before creating the advertising itself — is to evolve a creative strategy to meet the objectives . This is a process which goes back to the two questions raised on page 66 :
the difficult part — at least before creating the advertising itself — is to evolve a creative strategy to meet the [aims/goals] . this is a process which goes back to the two questions raised on page 66 :

( This is part of the process of setting the objectives . )
( this is part of the process of setting the [aims/goals] . )

According to statements put out last week by the Fnac 's chairman Jean-Louis Pétriat , and addressed to ‘ our future Members of Parliament ’ , the present law has failed to achieve its objectives of ensuring vigorous competition among publishers and protecting the independent bookseller .
according to statements put out last week by the fnac 's chairman jean-louis pétriat , and addressed to ‘ our future members of parliament ’ , the present law has failed to achieve its [aims/goals] of ensuring vigorous competition among publishers and protecting the independent bookseller .

( ii ) There is a general overriding principle that the Schedule must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters signed at Brussels on 27 September 1968 in order to ensure that it is fully effective ; in order to strengthen in the Community the legal protection of persons therein established ; and in order to contribute to the proper administration of justice within the Community by preventing parallel proceedings before the courts of different contracting states , and avoiding conflict between decisions which might result from permitting such parallel proceedings to continue .
( ii ) there is a general overriding principle that the schedule must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and [aims/goals] of the convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters signed at brussels on 27 september 1968 in order to ensure that it is fully effective ; in order to strengthen in the community the legal protection of persons therein established ; and in order to contribute to the proper administration of justice within the community by preventing parallel proceedings before the courts of different contracting states , and avoiding conflict between decisions which might result from permitting such parallel proceedings to continue .

Having regard to the objectives and the general scheme of the Convention , that it is important that , in order to ensure as far as possible the equality and uniformity of the rights and obligations arising out of the Convention for the contracting states and the persons concerned , that concept should not be interpreted simply as referring to the national law of one or other of the states concerned .
having regard to the [aims/goals] and the general scheme of the convention , that it is important that , in order to ensure as far as possible the equality and uniformity of the rights and obligations arising out of the convention for the contracting states and the persons concerned , that concept should not be interpreted simply as referring to the national law of one or other of the states concerned .

Consequently , the concept of ‘ matters relating to a contract ’ is to be regarded as an independent concept which , for the purpose of the application of the Convention , must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the Convention in order to ensure that it is fully effective .
consequently , the concept of ‘ matters relating to a contract ’ is to be regarded as an independent concept which , for the purpose of the application of the convention , must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and [aims/goals] of the convention in order to ensure that it is fully effective .

Accordingly , the concept of matters relating to tort , delict or quasi-delict must be regarded as an autonomous concept which is to be interpreted , for the application of the Convention , principally by reference to the scheme and objectives of the Convention in order to ensure that the latter is given full effect .
accordingly , the concept of matters relating to tort , delict or quasi-delict must be regarded as an autonomous concept which is to be interpreted , for the application of the convention , principally by reference to the scheme and [aims/goals] of the convention in order to ensure that the latter is given full effect .

Each movement has its own clan objectives to champion .
each movement has its own clan [aims/goals] to champion .

The fact that the applicants in the main proceedings had for some time circumvented the objectives of the Common Fisheries Policy did not give them any legitimate expectation that they would be allowed to continue to do so in the future .
the fact that the applicants in the main proceedings had for some time circumvented the [aims/goals] of the common fisheries policy did not give them any legitimate expectation that they would be allowed to continue to do so in the future .

Consequently , whatever the objectives pursued by the national legislature , such legislation can not be justified by the existence of a Community system of national quotas .
consequently , whatever the [aims/goals] pursued by the national legislature , such legislation can not be justified by the existence of a community system of national quotas .

The statutory scheme for bankruptcy is to be found in the Insolvency Act 1986 and the Insolvency Rules 1986 and has the following main objectives : ( 1 ) to enable the bankrupt 's affairs and dealings to be investigated under the control of the court ; ( 2 ) to provide the statutory machinery for the collection and rateable distribution of the bankrupt 's available assets ( or those assets which ought to form part of his estate ) with a view to satisfying his debts so far as may be practicable ; ( 3 ) to rehabilitate the bankrupt through the process of discharge .
the statutory scheme for bankruptcy is to be found in the insolvency act 1986 and the insolvency rules 1986 and has the following main [aims/goals] : ( 1 ) to enable the bankrupt 's affairs and dealings to be investigated under the control of the court ; ( 2 ) to provide the statutory machinery for the collection and rateable distribution of the bankrupt 's available assets ( or those assets which ought to form part of his estate ) with a view to satisfying his debts so far as may be practicable ; ( 3 ) to rehabilitate the bankrupt through the process of discharge .

His voyage last summer was remarkable even by his own high standards , as he sailed to Iceland , Jan Mayen and Svalbard and Northern Norway , achieving his objectives despite an unusually high incidence of headwinds , between times climbing many mountains and entertaining new friends in distant ports ( the St Patrick invariably carries a well-played selection of traditional musical instruments ) .
his voyage last summer was remarkable even by his own high standards , as he sailed to iceland , jan mayen and svalbard and northern norway , achieving his [aims/goals] despite an unusually high incidence of headwinds , between times climbing many mountains and entertaining new friends in distant ports ( the st patrick invariably carries a well-played selection of traditional musical instruments ) .

The second of these objectives may be easier than the first .
the second of these [aims/goals] may be easier than the first .

The statistical viability of random sampling is then compared with the non or semi-statistical viability of the other two techniques , which , in turn , may be more cost effective relative to market research objectives .
the statistical viability of random sampling is then compared with the non or semi-statistical viability of the other two techniques , which , in turn , may be more cost effective relative to market research [aims/goals] .

It is essential that both the person authorising the research , and the individual or agency carrying it out , are in agreement about the objectives of the exercise and the approach to be taken to carry it out within the requisite cost constraints .
it is essential that both the person authorising the research , and the individual or agency carrying it out , are in agreement about the [aims/goals] of the exercise and the approach to be taken to carry it out within the requisite cost constraints .

a budget may be defined as a quantitative and financial plan of the activity to be pursued during the financial year to achieve that year 's objectives .
a budget may be defined as a quantitative and financial plan of the activity to be pursued during the financial year to achieve that year 's [aims/goals] .

* the budgetary planning and control process may be defined as the establishment of budgets which relate the responsibilities of departments and employees to the requirements of plans and policies ; and the continuous comparison of actual results with the budgeted targets , so that the latter may be achieved , or amendments made to the objectives upon which they were based .
* the budgetary planning and control process may be defined as the establishment of budgets which relate the responsibilities of departments and employees to the requirements of plans and policies ; and the continuous comparison of actual results with the budgeted targets , so that the latter may be achieved , or amendments made to the [aims/goals] upon which they were based .

The choice of sales and market forecasting method will — depend on a number of factors , including : a ) Forecasting objectives : within the context of this book , the objective of the forecasting process will mainly be to assist marketing planning and , as outlined in Chapter Seven , to co-ordinate operational and budgetary planning with anticipated levels of sales .
the choice of sales and market forecasting method will — depend on a number of factors , including : a ) forecasting [aims/goals] : within the context of this book , the objective of the forecasting process will mainly be to assist marketing planning and , as outlined in chapter seven , to co-ordinate operational and budgetary planning with anticipated levels of sales .

Choice of forecasting The choice of method will depend on method ( i ) forecasting objectives ; ( ii ) time scales required ; ( iii ) the relative importance of the forecast ; ( iv ) the degree of accuracy required ; ( v ) the type of data required ; ( vi ) the availability of data ; ( vii ) access to forecasting skills and methods ; ( viii ) company experience with forecasting .
choice of forecasting the choice of method will depend on method ( i ) forecasting [aims/goals] ; ( ii ) time scales required ; ( iii ) the relative importance of the forecast ; ( iv ) the degree of accuracy required ; ( v ) the type of data required ; ( vi ) the availability of data ; ( vii ) access to forecasting skills and methods ; ( viii ) company experience with forecasting .

To study individual motivation means studying those forces that move a person to behave in a particular way . Motivation links needs and personal objectives , thus : Need or want — motivation — attitude — behaviour pattern — objective ( to satisfy the need or want )
to study individual motivation means studying those forces that move a person to behave in a particular way . motivation links needs and personal [aims/goals] , thus : need or want — motivation — attitude — behaviour pattern — objective ( to satisfy the need or want )

Motivation links needs and personal objectives , thus : - need/want — motivation — attitude — behaviour pattern — objective .
motivation links needs and personal [aims/goals] , thus : - need/want — motivation — attitude — behaviour pattern — objective .

vi ) Individual objectives and behavioural factors : the Sheth model focuses on such factors as : individual role and expectations ; individual background , training and motivation ; individual objectives in the purchasing process .
vi ) individual [aims/goals] and behavioural factors : the sheth model focuses on such factors as : individual role and expectations ; individual background , training and motivation ; individual [aims/goals] in the purchasing process .

It is an important input to marketing planning because it can be used to formulate company `` product-market `` objectives , by which the enterprise may : * define its markets ; * position ranges of brands and product varieties ; * identify gaps which offer significant opportunities for expansion or new product positioning ; * rationalise policies for existing brands , products and mixes .
it is an important input to marketing planning because it can be used to formulate company `` product-market `` [aims/goals] , by which the enterprise may : * define its markets ; * position ranges of brands and product varieties ; * identify gaps which offer significant opportunities for expansion or new product positioning ; * rationalise policies for existing brands , products and mixes .

Grocery chains in particular require stock lines to meet sales turnover objectives , which if not met will result in the discontinuing of the line .
grocery chains in particular require stock lines to meet sales turnover [aims/goals] , which if not met will result in the discontinuing of the line .

It then places this concept within the wider context of the marketing management process , and describes the role of the Marketing Mix in achieving the company 's marketing objectives .
it then places this concept within the wider context of the marketing management process , and describes the role of the marketing mix in achieving the company 's marketing [aims/goals] .

The Marketing Mix can be defined as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .
the marketing mix can be defined as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing [aims/goals] are achieved .

This information will be used as a vital input to the corporate strategic planning and strategic marketing planning processes , from which will come the company 's basic marketing objectives .
this information will be used as a vital input to the corporate strategic planning and strategic marketing planning processes , from which will come the company 's basic marketing [aims/goals] .

The Marketing Mix is concerned with the realities and practicalities of how these marketing objectives may be turned into specific marketing plans and activities .
the marketing mix is concerned with the realities and practicalities of how these marketing [aims/goals] may be turned into specific marketing plans and activities .

The role of the marketing mix is to move objectives and plans into the reality of implementation and achievement .
the role of the marketing mix is to move [aims/goals] and plans into the reality of implementation and achievement .

The Marketing Mix was defined in Section 1 above as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .
the marketing mix was defined in section 1 above as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing [aims/goals] are achieved .

If the Minister can not reassure us and explain how he intends to achieve those objectives , he should accept our proposals .
if the minister can not reassure us and explain how he intends to achieve those [aims/goals] , he should accept our proposals .

Clause 2 sets out the objectives of disposal .
clause 2 sets out the [aims/goals] of disposal .

to identify long-run broad objectives
to identify long-run broad [aims/goals]

to identify gaps between objectives and likely achievement under current policies
to identify gaps between [aims/goals] and likely achievement under current policies

to formulate strategy to achieve objectives
to formulate strategy to achieve [aims/goals]

He stresses the need for the chief executive to be informed , but argues that he should focus his attention on just three or four major objectives .
he stresses the need for the chief executive to be informed , but argues that he should focus his attention on just three or four major [aims/goals] .

Management by objectives , says Wrapp , may work at lower levels of the organization where tasks and accountabilities are well defined , but they do n't work at the top .
management by [aims/goals] , says wrapp , may work at lower levels of the organization where tasks and accountabilities are well defined , but they do n't work at the top .

One such fundamental difference is that between fine art at one end of the spectrum and design at the other ; this has been defined in terms of objectives , so that whereas in design one is working towards a defined goal with aims that are clear from the outset , in fine art there may be no defined goal other than satisfying the artist 's inner demands .
one such fundamental difference is that between fine art at one end of the spectrum and design at the other ; this has been defined in terms of [aims/goals] , so that whereas in design one is working towards a defined goal with aims that are clear from the outset , in fine art there may be no defined goal other than satisfying the artist 's inner demands .

The Undeveloped Team — Feelings are avoided , objectives are uncertain , the leader takes most of the decisions .
the undeveloped team — feelings are avoided , [aims/goals] are uncertain , the leader takes most of the decisions .

The Consolidating Team — Personal interaction is established on a cooperative basis , the task is clarified , objectives agreed and tentative procedures implemented .
the consolidating team — personal interaction is established on a cooperative basis , the task is clarified , [aims/goals] agreed and tentative procedures implemented .

By contrast , if there is a considerable mis-match , the chances of the group succeeding in its objectives will be slight .
by contrast , if there is a considerable mis-match , the chances of the group succeeding in its [aims/goals] will be slight .

Thus , even where the immediate constraints impose tight restrictions on behaviour the group can still be effective if they can be motivated to work together to achieve their objectives .
thus , even where the immediate constraints impose tight restrictions on behaviour the group can still be effective if they can be motivated to work together to achieve their [aims/goals] .

clear objectives and agreed goals
clear [aims/goals] and agreed goals

Undoubtedly , certain functions , such as marketing and production , are of particular importance to business organizations , but they themselves rely heavily on other functions such as accounting and personnel in order to achieve their objectives .
undoubtedly , certain functions , such as marketing and production , are of particular importance to business organizations , but they themselves rely heavily on other functions such as accounting and personnel in order to achieve their [aims/goals] .

( Marketing is ) … ‘ The management function which organizes and directs all those business activities involved in assessing and converting customer purchasing power into effective demand for a specific product or services and moving the product or service to the final consumer so as to achieve the profit target or other objectives of the company .
( marketing is ) … ‘ the management function which organizes and directs all those business activities involved in assessing and converting customer purchasing power into effective demand for a specific product or services and moving the product or service to the final consumer so as to achieve the profit target or other [aims/goals] of the company .

Like any other aspect of management , if marketing activities can be made measurable , then it is much easier to assess their effectiveness in achieving their objectives .
like any other aspect of management , if marketing activities can be made measurable , then it is much easier to assess their effectiveness in achieving their [aims/goals] .

The objectives of a promotion directed at consumers could be to :
the [aims/goals] of a promotion directed at consumers could be to :

Objectives for a trade-orientated promotion could be to :
[aims/goals] for a trade-orientated promotion could be to :

The agencies use trained interviewers , briefed about the objectives of each assignment .
the agencies use trained interviewers , briefed about the [aims/goals] of each assignment .

This is an independent examination of an organization 's marketing objectives , marketing activities and marketing environment with the primary aims of assessing present effectiveness and of recommending future action .
this is an independent examination of an organization 's marketing [aims/goals] , marketing activities and marketing environment with the primary aims of assessing present effectiveness and of recommending future action .

Corporate objectives
corporate [aims/goals]

Marketing objectives
marketing [aims/goals]

The next few paragraphs outline ( a ) the major structural alternatives that are available to a marketing department , ( b ) the principal objectives of a marketing department , and ( c ) the differing perspectives between the marketing department and other departments in the organization .
the next few paragraphs outline ( a ) the major structural alternatives that are available to a marketing department , ( b ) the principal [aims/goals] of a marketing department , and ( c ) the differing perspectives between the marketing department and other departments in the organization .

The degree of conflict which may occur depends largely on the way in which departmental or functional objectives have been drawn up , and whether suitable conflict-resolution mechanisms exist ( eg regular meetings between common interest groups , inter-departmental committees etc ) .
the degree of conflict which may occur depends largely on the way in which departmental or functional [aims/goals] have been drawn up , and whether suitable conflict-resolution mechanisms exist ( eg regular meetings between common interest groups , inter-departmental committees etc ) .

Before considering the points of possible friction between the marketing department and others , it will be useful to reflect on the objectives of the former .
before considering the points of possible friction between the marketing department and others , it will be useful to reflect on the [aims/goals] of the former .

If we assume that the marketing concept is upheld in a particular organization , then the key objectives of its marketing department could be as follows :
if we assume that the marketing concept is upheld in a particular organization , then the key [aims/goals] of its marketing department could be as follows :

The opening sentence of the above list of objectives was included advisedly to indicate the contributive nature of the marketing department 's efforts to corporate aims .
the opening sentence of the above list of [aims/goals] was included advisedly to indicate the contributive nature of the marketing department 's efforts to corporate aims .

The objectives of a marketing department are directed towards the attainment of corporate aims , such as profitability growth and social responsibility .
the [aims/goals] of a marketing department are directed towards the attainment of corporate aims , such as profitability growth and social responsibility .

This is an independent examination of the marketing objectives , activities and environment of the organization , with the object of ( a ) assessing present effectiveness , and ( b ) recommending future action .
this is an independent examination of the marketing [aims/goals] , activities and environment of the organization , with the object of ( a ) assessing present effectiveness , and ( b ) recommending future action .

In what ways can marketing departments differ from other departments in terms of key objectives , main activities and system of values ?
in what ways can marketing departments differ from other departments in terms of key [aims/goals] , main activities and system of values ?

These standards are normally set with several objectives in mind :
these standards are normally set with several [aims/goals] in mind :

One of Rayner 's first acts was to set in train a series of efficiency scrutinies within Whitehall . According to Rayner the objectives of the scrutiny programme were :
one of rayner 's first acts was to set in train a series of efficiency scrutinies within whitehall . according to rayner the [aims/goals] of the scrutiny programme were :

Section heads can be questioned about performance , objectives and so on .
section heads can be questioned about performance , [aims/goals] and so on .

a clear view of their objectives and means to assess and , wherever possible , measure outputs or performance in relation to those objectives ;
a clear view of their [aims/goals] and means to assess and , wherever possible , measure outputs or performance in relation to those [aims/goals] ;

In keeping with these objectives departments were ‘ called upon to examine the way they managed all aspects of their programmes and to work out the best pattern of managerial responsibility , financial accounting and control ’ ( ibid .
in keeping with these [aims/goals] departments were ‘ called upon to examine the way they managed all aspects of their programmes and to work out the best pattern of managerial responsibility , financial accounting and control ’ ( ibid .

In the absence of profit , objectives are usually more difficult to define , whilst many government departments and public agencies — and many of the programmes they administer — have multiple objectives .
in the absence of profit , [aims/goals] are usually more difficult to define , whilst many government departments and public agencies — and many of the programmes they administer — have multiple [aims/goals] .

Sometimes performance measures obscure , or even undermine , policy objectives .
sometimes performance measures obscure , or even undermine , policy [aims/goals] .

It seems clear that , despite the Conservative government 's emphasis on decentralization and accountability as objectives of abolition in London , the net result has been an increase in centralization and a reduction of both financial and democratic accountability .
it seems clear that , despite the conservative government 's emphasis on decentralization and accountability as [aims/goals] of abolition in london , the net result has been an increase in centralization and a reduction of both financial and democratic accountability .

From Wright Mills 's position that one does not need to demonstrate directly the existence of the shared ideology and shared objectives , it might also be argued that the corollary is also unnecessary ; that is , that the members ' awareness of the shared ideology is not a necessary condition either .
from wright mills 's position that one does not need to demonstrate directly the existence of the shared ideology and shared [aims/goals] , it might also be argued that the corollary is also unnecessary ; that is , that the members ' awareness of the shared ideology is not a necessary condition either .

Two at least of the features — consciousness and conspiracy — are difficult to operationalise and rarely demonstrated satisfactorily by empirical means ; direct empirical evidence for common objectives and awareness of group consciousness is not easy to envisage , because of the nature of the referents , and it is not surprising therefore that elite theorists such as Wright Mills have tended to use their sociological imagination to provide a plausible construct of indirect evidential demonstration .
two at least of the features — consciousness and conspiracy — are difficult to operationalise and rarely demonstrated satisfactorily by empirical means ; direct empirical evidence for common [aims/goals] and awareness of group consciousness is not easy to envisage , because of the nature of the referents , and it is not surprising therefore that elite theorists such as wright mills have tended to use their sociological imagination to provide a plausible construct of indirect evidential demonstration .

First , the Common Good ' is held to be an illusory concept , which in practice is rarely used to refer to any aim that can fairly be called ‘ common ’ and which might not even refer to a good ' at all ; pursuit of ‘ the Common Good ’ is therefore not useful as an identifying objective of democracy , and Schumpeter prefers to identify democracy not by its objectives but as a method .
first , the common good ' is held to be an illusory concept , which in practice is rarely used to refer to any aim that can fairly be called ‘ common ’ and which might not even refer to a good ' at all ; pursuit of ‘ the common good ’ is therefore not useful as an identifying objective of democracy , and schumpeter prefers to identify democracy not by its [aims/goals] but as a method .

In this sense , power is not something that individuals and groups do or do not have automatically through occupation of a particular social or economic position , rather it is something gained through the skilful deployment of political resources in order to achieve particular objectives .
in this sense , power is not something that individuals and groups do or do not have automatically through occupation of a particular social or economic position , rather it is something gained through the skilful deployment of political resources in order to achieve particular [aims/goals] .

There is a recognition in pluralist studies that the goals and objectives of individuals are hard to determine with any degree of precision .
there is a recognition in pluralist studies that the goals and [aims/goals] of individuals are hard to determine with any degree of precision .

In the ‘ rational ’ decision-making model , the policy-maker first specifies the objectives that he is trying to achieve , second musters all the evidence necessary for an analysis of alternative ways of achieving these objectives and , third , chooses the most cost-effective means of achieving these objectives .
in the ‘ rational ’ decision-making model , the policy-maker first specifies the [aims/goals] that he is trying to achieve , second musters all the evidence necessary for an analysis of alternative ways of achieving these [aims/goals] and , third , chooses the most cost-effective means of achieving these [aims/goals] .

She was not thinking clearly and she prided herself on thinking clearly : priorities , motives , objectives .
she was not thinking clearly and she prided herself on thinking clearly : priorities , motives , [aims/goals] .

This sometimes led to productive and satisfactory change ; but in some classrooms it resulted in confusion as procedures became separated from their underlying objectives , and as teachers strove to balance the conflicting demands of a mixture of well-tried and untried practices , of a wide variety of grouping strategies , and of many different activities going on simultaneously in their classrooms .
this sometimes led to productive and satisfactory change ; but in some classrooms it resulted in confusion as procedures became separated from their underlying [aims/goals] , and as teachers strove to balance the conflicting demands of a mixture of well-tried and untried practices , of a wide variety of grouping strategies , and of many different activities going on simultaneously in their classrooms .

The agenda of educational objectives to be charted — and perhaps the record-keeping format too — are now very clear .
the agenda of educational [aims/goals] to be charted — and perhaps the record-keeping format too — are now very clear .

The report also examined the very real difficulties which sometimes beset home-school links , suggesting that a clash of basic objectives between teachers and parents may sometimes lead to a confrontation between widely differing models of home-school links . We identified four pairs of complementary roles commonly adopted by teachers and parents in their encounters with each other :
the report also examined the very real difficulties which sometimes beset home-school links , suggesting that a clash of basic [aims/goals] between teachers and parents may sometimes lead to a confrontation between widely differing models of home-school links . we identified four pairs of complementary roles commonly adopted by teachers and parents in their encounters with each other :

The needs of local populations , their service objectives and the most effective ways of achieving them differ between areas .
the needs of local populations , their service [aims/goals] and the most effective ways of achieving them differ between areas .

The main priority on the Soviet foreign-policy agenda at this time was to secure its objectives with regard to Berlin .
the main priority on the soviet foreign-policy agenda at this time was to secure its [aims/goals] with regard to berlin .

Greater emphasis should also have been placed on the economic context in which disputes occur and on the state of political consensus — primarily , whether the trade unions are accepted in a ‘ partnership ’ role with the state , or are defined as problematic to its objectives ( Ragin et al , 1982:243 ) .
greater emphasis should also have been placed on the economic context in which disputes occur and on the state of political consensus — primarily , whether the trade unions are accepted in a ‘ partnership ’ role with the state , or are defined as problematic to its [aims/goals] ( ragin et al , 1982:243 ) .

While the grievances held by British blacks are undoubtedly profound , in many ways equivalent to those of Northern Ireland 's Catholics , their political objectives are modest by comparison , certainly not extending to the overthrowal of the state .
while the grievances held by british blacks are undoubtedly profound , in many ways equivalent to those of northern ireland 's catholics , their political [aims/goals] are modest by comparison , certainly not extending to the overthrowal of the state .

According to her , Neighbourhood Watch schemes have been encouraged with similar objectives in mind ( ibid .
according to her , neighbourhood watch schemes have been encouraged with similar [aims/goals] in mind ( ibid .

The objectives of these committees are to facilitate an exchange of views between the police and the wider community on issues of local concern ; to help resolve conflict between the police and dissenting sections of the community ; to encourage self-help and crime prevention activities ; and to educate or inform the public regarding everyday police matters ( Morgan , 1989 ) .
the [aims/goals] of these committees are to facilitate an exchange of views between the police and the wider community on issues of local concern ; to help resolve conflict between the police and dissenting sections of the community ; to encourage self-help and crime prevention activities ; and to educate or inform the public regarding everyday police matters ( morgan , 1989 ) .

You should work towards establishing the moment at which the hands start releasing in the downswing , while at the same time keeping your swing objectives uppermost in your mind .
you should work towards establishing the moment at which the hands start releasing in the downswing , while at the same time keeping your swing [aims/goals] uppermost in your mind .

Complete or partial tenders will be requested to meet the objectives which are that the service will be available for non-commercial traffic in connection with academic , government and industrial research activities and , in doing so , it must not contravene any European or national laws or regulations .
complete or partial tenders will be requested to meet the [aims/goals] which are that the service will be available for non-commercial traffic in connection with academic , government and industrial research activities and , in doing so , it must not contravene any european or national laws or regulations .

They seem to be address objectives that have been overtaken by irreversible changes both in technology and consumer expectations .
they seem to be address [aims/goals] that have been overtaken by irreversible changes both in technology and consumer expectations .

Members of the Guild are also demanding that government advice on healthy eating should be clarified because many hospitals and schools ( which have food policies and guidelines with perfect aims and objectives ) still serve meals to patients or pupils that are unacceptable .
members of the guild are also demanding that government advice on healthy eating should be clarified because many hospitals and schools ( which have food policies and guidelines with perfect aims and [aims/goals] ) still serve meals to patients or pupils that are unacceptable .

Setting clear objectives for what children over the full range of abilities should be able to achieve ; this will help all children to reach their full potential .
setting clear [aims/goals] for what children over the full range of abilities should be able to achieve ; this will help all children to reach their full potential .

In addition four ‘ mini-UDCs ’ were established with much smaller budgets and with more limited objectives .
in addition four ‘ mini-udcs ’ were established with much smaller budgets and with more limited [aims/goals] .

Assessing community care needs in their localities , setting objectives and priorities and formulating community care plans .
assessing community care needs in their localities , setting [aims/goals] and priorities and formulating community care plans .

The new community care arrangements are consistent with the Conservative government 's general policy aims in that they have privatisation as one of their major objectives .
the new community care arrangements are consistent with the conservative government 's general policy aims in that they have privatisation as one of their major [aims/goals] .

Furthermore , legislation frequently fails to achieve its objectives and it may have unintended consequences .
furthermore , legislation frequently fails to achieve its [aims/goals] and it may have unintended consequences .

In evaluating the government 's achievements reference will be made to the policy objectives identified in Chapter 1 : privatisation , curbing local government and promoting inequality .
in evaluating the government 's achievements reference will be made to the policy [aims/goals] identified in chapter 1 : privatisation , curbing local government and promoting inequality .

He argues that the twin objectives of the Conservative governments of the 1980s have been the creation of a free economy and a strong state .
he argues that the twin [aims/goals] of the conservative governments of the 1980s have been the creation of a free economy and a strong state .

Its objectives are to promote education in skiing at schools or recognised youth organisations as part of the general framework or programme of educational physical activities .
its [aims/goals] are to promote education in skiing at schools or recognised youth organisations as part of the general framework or programme of educational physical activities .

The most depressing element in the whole situation is that Bush changed his objectives every week or two , and the British government followed every twist and turn in American policy , right up to the present .
the most depressing element in the whole situation is that bush changed his [aims/goals] every week or two , and the british government followed every twist and turn in american policy , right up to the present .

President Ozal 's sudden interest in supporting the objectives of the multinational force ( against growing domestic opposition ) reflects much more parochial concerns .
president ozal 's sudden interest in supporting the [aims/goals] of the multinational force ( against growing domestic opposition ) reflects much more parochial concerns .

There are also the longstanding Turkish objectives of resolving the Cyprus conflict to its advantage and of forcing the United States to reduce military support its regional adversary , Greece .
there are also the longstanding turkish [aims/goals] of resolving the cyprus conflict to its advantage and of forcing the united states to reduce military support its regional adversary , greece .

The Tree of Life project has two simple objectives .
the tree of life project has two simple [aims/goals] .

Varieties in English : — the methods , objectives and problems involved in a description of language varieties ; application of the concept of varieties to ideas of correctness and appropriateness ; the speech community ; the language of school subjects ; practice in the analysis of spoken and written , literary and non-literary texts .
varieties in english : — the methods , [aims/goals] and problems involved in a description of language varieties ; application of the concept of varieties to ideas of correctness and appropriateness ; the speech community ; the language of school subjects ; practice in the analysis of spoken and written , literary and non-literary texts .

This entailed a study of the assessment objectives for the module ( made available to them in a handout from the syllabus ) and some consideration of the problems of presenting new language forms from these areas to their class .
this entailed a study of the assessment [aims/goals] for the module ( made available to them in a handout from the syllabus ) and some consideration of the problems of presenting new language forms from these areas to their class .

In one such session two students who had tried teaching a lesson in tandem , set out their objectives and procedures and tried to evaluate their success in the lesson .
in one such session two students who had tried teaching a lesson in tandem , set out their [aims/goals] and procedures and tried to evaluate their success in the lesson .

The first will move in the direction of preparing lessons in terms of the realisation of defined sets of objectives .
the first will move in the direction of preparing lessons in terms of the realisation of defined sets of [aims/goals] .

The first of these , the preparation of lessons in sequence will obviously deal with the formulation of learning objectives which can be realised in a particular unit of work .
the first of these , the preparation of lessons in sequence will obviously deal with the formulation of learning [aims/goals] which can be realised in a particular unit of work .

They will have to assimilate from the syllabus guidelines and from class teachers what objectives are set for children in each of the assessment modes-talking , reading and writing .
they will have to assimilate from the syllabus guidelines and from class teachers what [aims/goals] are set for children in each of the assessment modes-talking , reading and writing .

Akram Khan-Cheema , speaking for the Directorate of Educational Services , City of Bradford Metropolitan Council , spoke of an increasing workload for those teachers who were engaged in promoting community languages against a background of confusion regarding strategies , objectives and methods .
akram khan-cheema , speaking for the directorate of educational services , city of bradford metropolitan council , spoke of an increasing workload for those teachers who were engaged in promoting community languages against a background of confusion regarding strategies , [aims/goals] and methods .

In addition to being good teachers able to motivate their students they are also expected to be able to plan and present a scheme of work , write a syllabus with clear aims and objectives .
in addition to being good teachers able to motivate their students they are also expected to be able to plan and present a scheme of work , write a syllabus with clear aims and [aims/goals] .

All these four points clearly indicate a need to coordinate objectives .
all these four points clearly indicate a need to coordinate [aims/goals] .

The general objectives of the course was to train able linguists —
the general [aims/goals] of the course was to train able linguists —

It was all possible ( and the problems of the regions could be addressed too ) with spatial planning , summed up in two principal objectives : continued and further redevelopment of congested urban areas , where necessary ; and decentralization or dispersal , both of industries and industrial population , from such areas .
it was all possible ( and the problems of the regions could be addressed too ) with spatial planning , summed up in two principal [aims/goals] : continued and further redevelopment of congested urban areas , where necessary ; and decentralization or dispersal , both of industries and industrial population , from such areas .

We then consider the objectives and operation of the post-war planning system .
we then consider the [aims/goals] and operation of the post-war planning system .

Then in chronological order came the following : Hemel Hempstead ( 1947 ) replacing Redbourn as proposed in the Abercrombie plan , was designed to fill in the area between Harpenden , St Albans and Remel Hempstead itself ; Harlow ( 1947 ) , 23 miles north-east of London , expanded a small settlement of 4,500 people ; Crawley ( 1947 ) , a town of 9,500 population , lay astride the Brighton Road , 30 miles south of London ; Hatfield and Welwyn Garden City ( both 1948 ) lay very close to each other 18–20 miles north of London ( Welwyn was already a sizable town of 18,500 inhabitants ) ; Basildon ( 1949 ) met rather different objectives , planned not only to accommodate overspill but to tidy up an untidy area of shack development between London and Southend ; Bracknell ( 1949 ) replaced Abercrombie 's proposal for White Waltham , three miles south-west of Maidenhead , west of London .
then in chronological order came the following : hemel hempstead ( 1947 ) replacing redbourn as proposed in the abercrombie plan , was designed to fill in the area between harpenden , st albans and remel hempstead itself ; harlow ( 1947 ) , 23 miles north-east of london , expanded a small settlement of 4,500 people ; crawley ( 1947 ) , a town of 9,500 population , lay astride the brighton road , 30 miles south of london ; hatfield and welwyn garden city ( both 1948 ) lay very close to each other 18–20 miles north of london ( welwyn was already a sizable town of 18,500 inhabitants ) ; basildon ( 1949 ) met rather different [aims/goals] , planned not only to accommodate overspill but to tidy up an untidy area of shack development between london and southend ; bracknell ( 1949 ) replaced abercrombie 's proposal for white waltham , three miles south-west of maidenhead , west of london .

For some time the advisory plans for London , the West Midlands and the Clyde Valley sufficed , the belief being that the development plans would fill in the detail and provide working arrangements to secure the intended redistributive objectives .
for some time the advisory plans for london , the west midlands and the clyde valley sufficed , the belief being that the development plans would fill in the detail and provide working arrangements to secure the intended redistributive [aims/goals] .

New objectives , they say .
new [aims/goals] , they say .

They prepare individual care-plans for each patient with goals and objectives to be drawn up and revised by both the nurse and the patient .
they prepare individual care-plans for each patient with goals and [aims/goals] to be drawn up and revised by both the nurse and the patient .

1.1 The Objectives of the Working Party
1.1 the [aims/goals] of the working party

They also have to fulfil the higher-order objectives implied by the title ‘ higher education ’ .
they also have to fulfil the higher-order [aims/goals] implied by the title ‘ higher education ’ .

Interests will be mobilised in pursuit of explicit objectives , and the parties involved will use forms of resistance which seem most appropriate .
interests will be mobilised in pursuit of explicit [aims/goals] , and the parties involved will use forms of resistance which seem most appropriate .

co-operative structures , designed to achieve agreed common objectives , ie. with no systematic conflict of interest ; and
co-operative structures , designed to achieve agreed common [aims/goals] , ie. with no systematic conflict of interest ; and

subvert objectives in favour of secondary goals ;
subvert [aims/goals] in favour of secondary goals ;

Conflict may be caused by differences in the objectives of different groups or individuals . It is a function of management :
conflict may be caused by differences in the [aims/goals] of different groups or individuals . it is a function of management :

Ideologies — which we discuss below — may also effect the objectives of individuals and interest groups , and may render ‘ cooperative controversy ’ impossible .
ideologies — which we discuss below — may also effect the [aims/goals] of individuals and interest groups , and may render ‘ cooperative controversy ’ impossible .

agreement of common objectives ;
agreement of common [aims/goals] ;

All members of the organisation , despite their different roles , have common objectives and values which unite their efforts .
all members of the organisation , despite their different roles , have common [aims/goals] and values which unite their efforts .

Management has to create a workable structure for collaboration , taking into account the objectives of all the various interest groups or ‘ stakeholders ’ in the organisation .
management has to create a workable structure for collaboration , taking into account the [aims/goals] of all the various interest groups or ‘ stakeholders ’ in the organisation .

‘ Authority is an inappropriate means for obtaining commitment to objectives .
‘ authority is an inappropriate means for obtaining commitment to [aims/goals] .

Planning This involves selecting objectives , and the strategies , policies , programmes and procedures for achieving the objectives either for the organisation as a whole or for a part of it .
planning this involves selecting [aims/goals] , and the strategies , policies , programmes and procedures for achieving the [aims/goals] either for the organisation as a whole or for a part of it .

Setting objectives for the organisation .
setting [aims/goals] for the organisation .

Managers decide what the objectives of the organisation should be and quantify the targets of achievement for each objective .
managers decide what the [aims/goals] of the organisation should be and quantify the targets of achievement for each objective .

establish objectives or yardsticks of performance for every person in the organisation ;
establish [aims/goals] or yardsticks of performance for every person in the organisation ;

analyse actual performance , appraise it against the objectives or yardsticks which have been set , and analyse the comparison ;
analyse actual performance , appraise it against the [aims/goals] or yardsticks which have been set , and analyse the comparison ;

management by objectives ;
management by [aims/goals] ;

Laissez-faire style Subordinates are given little or no direction at all , and are allowed to establish their own objectives and make all their own decisions .
laissez-faire style subordinates are given little or no direction at all , and are allowed to establish their own [aims/goals] and make all their own decisions .

The integration of organisational goals and objectives with those of every individual in the organisation is essential .
the integration of organisational goals and [aims/goals] with those of every individual in the organisation is essential .

Each individual must believe that the organisation has desirable , significant objectives , and that he makes an indispensable contribution to the objectives of the organisation .
each individual must believe that the organisation has desirable , significant [aims/goals] , and that he makes an indispensable contribution to the [aims/goals] of the organisation .

In a large organisation , a worker at the bottom of the hierarchy will have difficulty in relating his own contributions to the setting of the organisation objectives at the top of the hierarchy .
in a large organisation , a worker at the bottom of the hierarchy will have difficulty in relating his own contributions to the setting of the organisation [aims/goals] at the top of the hierarchy .

The ever-present problems of conflict between the self-interest of rival sub-units ( eg production , sales , marketing and accountancy departments ) will tend to blur a proper appreciation of what company objectives really are .
the ever-present problems of conflict between the self-interest of rival sub-units ( eg production , sales , marketing and accountancy departments ) will tend to blur a proper appreciation of what company [aims/goals] really are .

the task — ie. the objectives of the job , the technology of the job , methods of working etc ;
the task — ie. the [aims/goals] of the job , the technology of the job , methods of working etc ;

Every manager has the task of contributing towards what his superior 's section must do to achieve its objectives .
every manager has the task of contributing towards what his superior 's section must do to achieve its [aims/goals] .

Every manager has a responsibility towards the organisation as a whole , and must define the activities of his own unit so as to contribute towards achieving the organisation 's objectives .
every manager has a responsibility towards the organisation as a whole , and must define the activities of his own unit so as to contribute towards achieving the organisation 's [aims/goals] .

Every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own objectives , to help them attain their objectives , to offer counsel and advice etc ) .
every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own [aims/goals] , to help them attain their [aims/goals] , to offer counsel and advice etc ) .

To consider how we define organisations , both formal and informal in nature and the objectives of organisations .
to consider how we define organisations , both formal and informal in nature and the [aims/goals] of organisations .

to save time : organisations make it possible for objectives to be reached in a shorter time .
to save time : organisations make it possible for [aims/goals] to be reached in a shorter time .

Personal objectives and organisations
personal [aims/goals] and organisations

the way in which people interact is designed and ordered by the organisation structure so as to achieve joint ( organisational ) objectives . Each individual has his own view of what these organisational objectives are ;
the way in which people interact is designed and ordered by the organisation structure so as to achieve joint ( organisational ) [aims/goals] . each individual has his own view of what these organisational [aims/goals] are ;

each person in the organisation has his own personal objectives ; and
each person in the organisation has his own personal [aims/goals] ; and

the organisational objectives as gauged by an individual need to be compatible with personal objectives of the individual if he is to be a well-integrated member of the organisation .
the organisational [aims/goals] as gauged by an individual need to be compatible with personal [aims/goals] of the individual if he is to be a well-integrated member of the organisation .

to recognise the personal objectives of individuals and to integrate these with organisational objectives ;
to recognise the personal [aims/goals] of individuals and to integrate these with organisational [aims/goals] ;

to reconcile and integrate the differing views of organisational objectives that are held by different individuals so that a total company objective may be recognised ( Argyris ) ; and
to reconcile and integrate the differing views of organisational [aims/goals] that are held by different individuals so that a total company objective may be recognised ( argyris ) ; and

to make the optimal use of resources ( materials , human abilities and efforts etc. ) in achieving these integrated personal and organisational objectives .
to make the optimal use of resources ( materials , human abilities and efforts etc. ) in achieving these integrated personal and organisational [aims/goals] .

An organisation will be effective only so far as it helps individual members to achieve their own personal objectives , and a large part of the task of management is therefore concerned with this problem .
an organisation will be effective only so far as it helps individual members to achieve their own personal [aims/goals] , and a large part of the task of management is therefore concerned with this problem .

It is important that an individual should consider that the objectives of the organisation ( and consequently his own efforts and actions within the organisation ) are compatible with his various needs .
it is important that an individual should consider that the [aims/goals] of the organisation ( and consequently his own efforts and actions within the organisation ) are compatible with his various needs .

Some personal needs will be more important than others and an individual will be prepared to sacrifice some of his objectives for his own greater benefit ( eg .
some personal needs will be more important than others and an individual will be prepared to sacrifice some of his [aims/goals] for his own greater benefit ( eg .

The objects and objectives of an enterprise
the objects and [aims/goals] of an enterprise

Every business organisation has its objectives — ie .
every business organisation has its [aims/goals] — ie .

Business organisations differ from each other partly because they have different objects , despite similar objectives .
business organisations differ from each other partly because they have different objects , despite similar [aims/goals] .

To integrate individual and organisational objectives it is necessary to formulate organisational objectives which are understood by all members as well as compatible with their personal goals .
to integrate individual and organisational [aims/goals] it is necessary to formulate organisational [aims/goals] which are understood by all members as well as compatible with their personal goals .

‘ Organisational objectives should give the organisation meaning to man … and man meaning a the organisation . ’ ( Davis )
‘ organisational [aims/goals] should give the organisation meaning to man … and man meaning a the organisation . ’ ( davis )

Top management might spend too much time in maintenance of the organisation ( ie with problems of administration ) and lose sight of their primary tasks of setting objectives and planning for the future .
top management might spend too much time in maintenance of the organisation ( ie with problems of administration ) and lose sight of their primary tasks of setting [aims/goals] and planning for the future .

to understand their planned contribution towards achieving organisational objectives
to understand their planned contribution towards achieving organisational [aims/goals]

How should the organisation identify its objectives and set targets for achievement ? In the case of large diversified ‘ conglomerate ’ corporations , can the organisation have a major objective other than a financial one ( eg. profit maximisation ) ?
how should the organisation identify its [aims/goals] and set targets for achievement ? in the case of large diversified ‘ conglomerate ’ corporations , can the organisation have a major objective other than a financial one ( eg. profit maximisation ) ?

Difficulties of setting up a system of rewards that is directly linked to performance appraisal and the achievement of objectives .
difficulties of setting up a system of rewards that is directly linked to performance appraisal and the achievement of [aims/goals] .

It is difficult for individuals to identify themselves with the objectives of a large organisation .
it is difficult for individuals to identify themselves with the [aims/goals] of a large organisation .

The organisation 's objectives and their personal objectives will differ .
the organisation 's [aims/goals] and their personal [aims/goals] will differ .

Difficulties for individuals to see how their efforts contribute to achieving the organisation 's objectives ( due to narrow specialisation of jobs etc ) .
difficulties for individuals to see how their efforts contribute to achieving the organisation 's [aims/goals] ( due to narrow specialisation of jobs etc ) .

The employee therefore see his involvement in a union , or support for his union , to be the best means of securing his personal objectives ( eg .
the employee therefore see his involvement in a union , or support for his union , to be the best means of securing his personal [aims/goals] ( eg .

Every manager has the task of contributing towards what his superior 's section must do to achieve its objectives .
every manager has the task of contributing towards what his superior 's section must do to achieve its [aims/goals] .

Every manager has a responsibility towards the organisation as a whole , and must define the activities of his own unit so as to contribute towards achieving the organisation 's objectives .
every manager has a responsibility towards the organisation as a whole , and must define the activities of his own unit so as to contribute towards achieving the organisation 's [aims/goals] .

Every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own objectives , to help them attain their objectives , to offer counsel and advice etc ) .
every manager has a responsibility towards his subordinates ( ie to make sure they know what is expected of them , to help them set their own [aims/goals] , to help them attain their [aims/goals] , to offer counsel and advice etc ) .

setting objectives and goals .
setting [aims/goals] and goals .

Information was designed to flow up and down the organisation to ensure that all decentralised objectives were compatible with , and a part of , the total corporate objective .
information was designed to flow up and down the organisation to ensure that all decentralised [aims/goals] were compatible with , and a part of , the total corporate objective .

Decentralisation did not create confused objectives .
decentralisation did not create confused [aims/goals] .

Line management consists of those managers directly involved in achieving the objectives of an organisation ( ie .
line management consists of those managers directly involved in achieving the [aims/goals] of an organisation ( ie .

‘ Line functions are those which have direct responsibility for achieving the objectives of the company .
‘ line functions are those which have direct responsibility for achieving the [aims/goals] of the company .

should have their own clear objectives ;
should have their own clear [aims/goals] ;

The predominant goals or objectives of the organisation : if the main purpose of an organisation is service to the community ( eg .
the predominant goals or [aims/goals] of the organisation : if the main purpose of an organisation is service to the community ( eg .

‘ Development involves policy decisions that change organisational objectives .
‘ development involves policy decisions that change organisational [aims/goals] .

Growth , on the other hand , involves technical or administrative improvement by which it is possible more effectively to accomplish old objectives .
growth , on the other hand , involves technical or administrative improvement by which it is possible more effectively to accomplish old [aims/goals] .

‘ When the firms were grouped according to similarity of objectives and techniques of production , and classified in order of the technical complexity of the production systems , each production system was found to be associated with a characteristic pattern of organisation .
‘ when the firms were grouped according to similarity of [aims/goals] and techniques of production , and classified in order of the technical complexity of the production systems , each production system was found to be associated with a characteristic pattern of organisation .

Different objectives of different finns controlled and limited the techniques of production they could use ( eg. a firm developing prototypes of electronic equipment can not go in for mass-production ) .
different [aims/goals] of different finns controlled and limited the techniques of production they could use ( eg. a firm developing prototypes of electronic equipment can not go in for mass-production ) .

Furthermore , since management has the power to direct activities in organisations , a knowledge of managerial priorities and objectives is necessary for a wider understanding of organisational behaviour .
furthermore , since management has the power to direct activities in organisations , a knowledge of managerial priorities and [aims/goals] is necessary for a wider understanding of organisational behaviour .

Organisations have many different objectives and engage in a variety of activities , so there is a problem in defining an initial perspective on organisation theory and what we expect the theory to cover .
organisations have many different [aims/goals] and engage in a variety of activities , so there is a problem in defining an initial perspective on organisation theory and what we expect the theory to cover .

In practical terms , the design of an effective structure must reflect the objectives of the particular organisation and the context in which it operates .
in practical terms , the design of an effective structure must reflect the [aims/goals] of the particular organisation and the context in which it operates .

Thus when analysing organisational goals , one must be clear that one is referring to the objectives officially sanctioned in the organisation , and not to the goals that organisations pursue .
thus when analysing organisational goals , one must be clear that one is referring to the [aims/goals] officially sanctioned in the organisation , and not to the goals that organisations pursue .

They satisfy some objectives but not others .
they satisfy some [aims/goals] but not others .

In time , the neglected objectives become important , or those who espouse them become increasingly vociferous , and a new form of structure evolves .
in time , the neglected [aims/goals] become important , or those who espouse them become increasingly vociferous , and a new form of structure evolves .

There is no way of dividing up the organisation 's work that will simultaneously satisfy all the organisation 's objectives and all its members .
there is no way of dividing up the organisation 's work that will simultaneously satisfy all the organisation 's [aims/goals] and all its members .

As a Birmingham street commissioner from 1829 he was instrumental in shaping the powers of an elected town council , achieving his objectives of local self-government without ‘ the interference of any central control ’ .
as a birmingham street commissioner from 1829 he was instrumental in shaping the powers of an elected town council , achieving his [aims/goals] of local self-government without ‘ the interference of any central control ’ .

Amanullah 's pursuit of his two most cherished objectives , to modernize his country in the shortest possible time and to make it independent of Britain , soon brought him into headlong conflict with Humphrys , whose previous eighteen years in India , mostly among the tribes across the frontier from Afghanistan , had not prepared him to deal with a ruler of such independence of mind .
amanullah 's pursuit of his two most cherished [aims/goals] , to modernize his country in the shortest possible time and to make it independent of britain , soon brought him into headlong conflict with humphrys , whose previous eighteen years in india , mostly among the tribes across the frontier from afghanistan , had not prepared him to deal with a ruler of such independence of mind .

Henceforward Wolf pursued two objectives , both within the leading institutions of the Anglo-Jewish community and as a journalist — thwarting political Zionism , which he thought would place Jews in a situation of conflicting loyalties , and calling attention to the denial of human rights to Jews , particularly in Russia and Romania .
henceforward wolf pursued two [aims/goals] , both within the leading institutions of the anglo-jewish community and as a journalist — thwarting political zionism , which he thought would place jews in a situation of conflicting loyalties , and calling attention to the denial of human rights to jews , particularly in russia and romania .

In September 1316 Edward retained him for a very large fee in return for the promise of his service with a commensurately large retinue ; and shortly afterwards he and Pembroke set off for the papal curia on a mission which had the repeal of the Ordinances as one of its objectives .
in september 1316 edward retained him for a very large fee in return for the promise of his service with a commensurately large retinue ; and shortly afterwards he and pembroke set off for the papal curia on a mission which had the repeal of the ordinances as one of its [aims/goals] .

Its modest objectives were to be pursued peacefully , and the Society would ‘ not countenance any violation of the laws ’ .
its modest [aims/goals] were to be pursued peacefully , and the society would ‘ not countenance any violation of the laws ’ .

In fact , there was a contradiction at the heart of the project in terms of the aims and objectives of those involved in it .
in fact , there was a contradiction at the heart of the project in terms of the aims and [aims/goals] of those involved in it .

This is not to condemn such initiatives but to indicate the gap between their objectives and the actual work on the ground .
this is not to condemn such initiatives but to indicate the gap between their [aims/goals] and the actual work on the ground .

It raises problems to do with the role and objectives of the professionals engaged in such work .
it raises problems to do with the role and [aims/goals] of the professionals engaged in such work .

But those concerned seldom commit themselves to collective advancement on social and political issues , rarely setting themselves social and political as well as educational objectives .
but those concerned seldom commit themselves to collective advancement on social and political issues , rarely setting themselves social and political as well as educational [aims/goals] .

However , if the original social and education objectives of the course have not been met it has nevertheless succeeded in tapping the hidden intellectual and educational potential of many working-class men and women .
however , if the original social and education [aims/goals] of the course have not been met it has nevertheless succeeded in tapping the hidden intellectual and educational potential of many working-class men and women .

to work towards a vision of a new society based on a radical analysis of existing structures and the lessons and aspirations of the men and women attempting to create new structures at local level ; to stress objectives and content in education as well as methods and process .
to work towards a vision of a new society based on a radical analysis of existing structures and the lessons and aspirations of the men and women attempting to create new structures at local level ; to stress [aims/goals] and content in education as well as methods and process .

Only then will they be able to decide whether they see community education as something complementary to the formal adult education provision or an alternative system pursuing distinct and radical objectives .
only then will they be able to decide whether they see community education as something complementary to the formal adult education provision or an alternative system pursuing distinct and radical [aims/goals] .

The miners ' strike revealed the range of new movements and organisations which have been arenas , if complex and contradictory , for the development of working-class culture and working-class consciousness , promising to broaden traditional conceptions of the composition and objectives of the labour movement yet also portraying the unions ' capacity to ignore that potential when it stepped beyond the domestic and controllable to stake its own claims for recognition .
the miners ' strike revealed the range of new movements and organisations which have been arenas , if complex and contradictory , for the development of working-class culture and working-class consciousness , promising to broaden traditional conceptions of the composition and [aims/goals] of the labour movement yet also portraying the unions ' capacity to ignore that potential when it stepped beyond the domestic and controllable to stake its own claims for recognition .

During the 1980s there has been a proliferation of schemes , courses and activities for unemployed people in many parts of the country organised by a wide range of adult education agencies and voluntary organisations . McDonald has summarised the objectives of the programmes specifically designed for the unemployed :
during the 1980s there has been a proliferation of schemes , courses and activities for unemployed people in many parts of the country organised by a wide range of adult education agencies and voluntary organisations . mcdonald has summarised the [aims/goals] of the programmes specifically designed for the unemployed :

Before describing some examples of current or recent educational work with unemployed people , it is necessary to explore the objectives of various kinds of provision .
before describing some examples of current or recent educational work with unemployed people , it is necessary to explore the [aims/goals] of various kinds of provision .

In this section , five models , with differing underlying objectives are examined .
in this section , five models , with differing underlying [aims/goals] are examined .

The critical questions which remain unanswered relate to the objectives of this approach .
the critical questions which remain unanswered relate to the [aims/goals] of this approach .

Most fundamental of all , however , is the question of the political context of adult education of this type , and the delineation of aims , objectives and relative priorities .
most fundamental of all , however , is the question of the political context of adult education of this type , and the delineation of aims , [aims/goals] and relative priorities .

The commendable objectives were ( i ) to present private investors with a document which they might find more helpful to them than the full statutory accounts , ( ii ) to reduce an appalling waste of paper , since undoubtedly a great many such investors consign the glossy brochures containing the accounts ( ii ) to their waste-paper baskets after only the most cursory of glances ( if any ) and , perhaps , ( iii ) to reduce the company 's postage — though it is unlikely that any saving on that could be commensurate with the cost of preparing an additional document and , in effect , having it audited .
the commendable [aims/goals] were ( i ) to present private investors with a document which they might find more helpful to them than the full statutory accounts , ( ii ) to reduce an appalling waste of paper , since undoubtedly a great many such investors consign the glossy brochures containing the accounts ( ii ) to their waste-paper baskets after only the most cursory of glances ( if any ) and , perhaps , ( iii ) to reduce the company 's postage — though it is unlikely that any saving on that could be commensurate with the cost of preparing an additional document and , in effect , having it audited .

It will be interesting to see whether these objectives are attained .
it will be interesting to see whether these [aims/goals] are attained .

The organizers are often faced with the dilemma of whether they should adopt an all-out militant campaign with the risk that in the end all will be lost and nothing gained in spite of the expenditure of a great deal of energy , time and sometimes money ; or come to some agreement with the authorities whereby something can be gained , even though it falls far short of the full objectives of the group and will not significantly affect the position of , and relationships between , vested interests .
the organizers are often faced with the dilemma of whether they should adopt an all-out militant campaign with the risk that in the end all will be lost and nothing gained in spite of the expenditure of a great deal of energy , time and sometimes money ; or come to some agreement with the authorities whereby something can be gained , even though it falls far short of the full [aims/goals] of the group and will not significantly affect the position of , and relationships between , vested interests .

Objectives in public sector accounting theory
[aims/goals] in public sector accounting theory

The best example of this approach comes from a research report entitled Objectives of Accounting and Financial Reporting for Governmental Units by Drebin et al .
the best example of this approach comes from a research report entitled [aims/goals] of accounting and financial reporting for governmental units by drebin et al .

The report then offers a series of basic objectives which support the overall goals and are themselves supported by the users ' needs which stem from them .
the report then offers a series of basic [aims/goals] which support the overall goals and are themselves supported by the users ' needs which stem from them .

To provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisition and allocation of resources on the achievement of operational objectives .
to provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisition and allocation of resources on the achievement of operational [aims/goals] .

For predicting the effectiveness , including the distribution of benefits among groups , of proposed programmes and activities in achieving goals and objectives .
for predicting the effectiveness , including the distribution of benefits among groups , of proposed programmes and activities in achieving goals and [aims/goals] .

For evaluating the results of programmes , activities and functions , and their effectiveness in achieving their goals and objectives .
for evaluating the results of programmes , activities and functions , and their effectiveness in achieving their goals and [aims/goals] .

We know this because Anthony explicitly excludes information about attainment of the organization 's objectives ; he believes that not enough is known about measuring effectiveness to include it as a user need .
we know this because anthony explicitly excludes information about attainment of the organization 's [aims/goals] ; he believes that not enough is known about measuring effectiveness to include it as a user need .

For that purpose , financial reporting objectives should consider the needs of users and the decisions they make .
for that purpose , financial reporting [aims/goals] should consider the needs of users and the decisions they make .

‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain objectives in accordance with special regulations , restrictions or limitations . ’
‘ … a fiscal and accounting entity with self-balancing set of accounts recording cash and other financial resources together with all related liabilities and residual equities or balances and changes therein which are segregated for the purpose of carrying on specific activities or attaining certain [aims/goals] in accordance with special regulations , restrictions or limitations . ’

One of the objectives of current cost accounting is to produce a more acceptable income figure under conditions of rising prices .
one of the [aims/goals] of current cost accounting is to produce a more acceptable income figure under conditions of rising prices .

They work together to achieve the overall objectives of the organization .
they work together to achieve the overall [aims/goals] of the organization .

Consequently , the ultimate objectives tend to cut across departmental boundaries , and net expenditure on these objectives is concealed by the existing objective classification .
consequently , the ultimate [aims/goals] tend to cut across departmental boundaries , and net expenditure on these [aims/goals] is concealed by the existing objective classification .

In addition , within the Annual Report section , some actual performance indicators are compared with quantified objectives . In the 1986/87 accounts :
in addition , within the annual report section , some actual performance indicators are compared with quantified [aims/goals] . in the 1986/87 accounts :

An examination to assess whether programmes or projects undertaken to meet established policy goals or objectives have met these aims .
an examination to assess whether programmes or projects undertaken to meet established policy goals or [aims/goals] have met these aims .

Policy goals and objectives are set by legislative bodies , made up of politicians .
policy goals and [aims/goals] are set by legislative bodies , made up of politicians .

The main objectives of the internal control system are given as :
the main [aims/goals] of the internal control system are given as :

to ensure adherence to management policies and directives in order to achieve the organization 's objectives ;
to ensure adherence to management policies and directives in order to achieve the organization 's [aims/goals] ;

The need to assess the likelihood of possible future changes in the climates of the world provides a strong reason for encouraging research on these problems , and is reinforced by the recognition that human activities are developing towards a scale from which significant effects on world climate might arise within the next century … No purely theoretical studies of world climate can properly achieve their objectives without an adequate base in observational data .
the need to assess the likelihood of possible future changes in the climates of the world provides a strong reason for encouraging research on these problems , and is reinforced by the recognition that human activities are developing towards a scale from which significant effects on world climate might arise within the next century … no purely theoretical studies of world climate can properly achieve their [aims/goals] without an adequate base in observational data .

It is debatable whether the idea of prefixing other disciplines with the word geographical is indeed a sound one because it may tend to suggest a greater separation of physical geography endeavour from that of other researchers when in fact there is no clear distinction in methods or objectives .
it is debatable whether the idea of prefixing other disciplines with the word geographical is indeed a sound one because it may tend to suggest a greater separation of physical geography endeavour from that of other researchers when in fact there is no clear distinction in methods or [aims/goals] .

In their conclusion Bennett and Chorley ( 1978 , p. 541 ) suggest that systems methods have illuminated thought , clarified objectives , and cut through the theoretical and technical undergrowth during the third quarter of the twentieth century in a most striking manner but in addition :
in their conclusion bennett and chorley ( 1978 , p. 541 ) suggest that systems methods have illuminated thought , clarified [aims/goals] , and cut through the theoretical and technical undergrowth during the third quarter of the twentieth century in a most striking manner but in addition :

The American struggle against neutralism was presented as one of the objectives behind its involvement in the ‘ dirty war ’ in South Vietnam .
the american struggle against neutralism was presented as one of the [aims/goals] behind its involvement in the ‘ dirty war ’ in south vietnam .

a concern with configuration , i.e. is the chain of command long or short . The advantage of this formal approach to organisations is that it shows how organisational objectives can be reached by :
a concern with configuration , i.e. is the chain of command long or short . the advantage of this formal approach to organisations is that it shows how organisational [aims/goals] can be reached by :

Thus , formal groups are created to achieve specific organisational objectives and are concerned with the co-ordination of work activities .
thus , formal groups are created to achieve specific organisational [aims/goals] and are concerned with the co-ordination of work activities .

Culture will inform the goals and objectives of the organisation .
culture will inform the goals and [aims/goals] of the organisation .

It is concerned ' with utilising resources to meet the organisation 's objectives and is characterised by the requirement of efficiency .
it is concerned ' with utilising resources to meet the organisation 's [aims/goals] and is characterised by the requirement of efficiency .

competition for goals , particularly where those goals remain unclear or there is no agreement on objectives or priorities . The goal of a local authority may be expressed as ‘ Serving the public ’ but this is rather vague and can be interpreted in any number of different ways ;
competition for goals , particularly where those goals remain unclear or there is no agreement on [aims/goals] or priorities . the goal of a local authority may be expressed as ‘ serving the public ’ but this is rather vague and can be interpreted in any number of different ways ;

At one level it may be expressed by a Commander-in-Chief who is determining the strategic objectives of the military and has to convince the generals .
at one level it may be expressed by a commander-in-chief who is determining the strategic [aims/goals] of the military and has to convince the generals .

Similarly , the manager in charge of a local authority department may need to give a lead to others in defining the role and objectives of that department .
similarly , the manager in charge of a local authority department may need to give a lead to others in defining the role and [aims/goals] of that department .

Thus if leadership is to be practised throughout the organisation then it has to be consistent with political objectives and compatible with the role of the politician .
thus if leadership is to be practised throughout the organisation then it has to be consistent with political [aims/goals] and compatible with the role of the politician .

the objectives of the group ;
the [aims/goals] of the group ;

Finally , then , we also need to locate our concept of leadership within : ( a ) the political environment within which the organisation operates and hence be aware of political objectives ; ( b ) the organisational structure that exists ; ( c ) the ‘ fit ’ between the structure of public sector organisations , and the preferred leadership style .
finally , then , we also need to locate our concept of leadership within : ( a ) the political environment within which the organisation operates and hence be aware of political [aims/goals] ; ( b ) the organisational structure that exists ; ( c ) the ‘ fit ’ between the structure of public sector organisations , and the preferred leadership style .

It is linked to the achievement of individual and organisational objectives .
it is linked to the achievement of individual and organisational [aims/goals] .

As we have already stated , decision makers in organisations will formulate aims or objectives which they wish to achieve or , in other situations , a commanding authority will impose objectives on organisations .
as we have already stated , decision makers in organisations will formulate aims or [aims/goals] which they wish to achieve or , in other situations , a commanding authority will impose [aims/goals] on organisations .

In order to achieve those objectives , an organisation will need to plan its activities : it will need to take account of factors internal to the organisation such as its assets , the qualities of the staff , the task to be achieved , etc .
in order to achieve those [aims/goals] , an organisation will need to plan its activities : it will need to take account of factors internal to the organisation such as its assets , the qualities of the staff , the task to be achieved , etc .

Strategic planning involves those at the top of the organisation formulating the organisation 's objectives and developing strategies to achieve those objectives .
strategic planning involves those at the top of the organisation formulating the organisation 's [aims/goals] and developing strategies to achieve those [aims/goals] .

The model — known as the rational model involves a cycle of decisions which need to be made so that an organisation can achieve its objectives .
the model — known as the rational model involves a cycle of decisions which need to be made so that an organisation can achieve its [aims/goals] .

For example the Review of Railway Finances chaired by Sir David Serpell was given the following terms of reference ‘ to examine the finances of the railway and associated operations , in the light of all relevant considerations , and to report on options for alternative policies , and their related objectives , designed to secure improved financial results in an efficiently run railway in Great Britain over the next 20 years ’ .
for example the review of railway finances chaired by sir david serpell was given the following terms of reference ‘ to examine the finances of the railway and associated operations , in the light of all relevant considerations , and to report on options for alternative policies , and their related [aims/goals] , designed to secure improved financial results in an efficiently run railway in great britain over the next 20 years ’ .

We have already referred to the problems of co-ordination in organisations individuals and groups within the organisation need to identify with the objectives of the project .
we have already referred to the problems of co-ordination in organisations individuals and groups within the organisation need to identify with the [aims/goals] of the project .

Leaders of large organisations will inevitably find problems in getting those at lower levels in the hierarchy to comply with their objectives — a problem illustrated by the frequent leaks of confidential memoranda and reports in Whitehall .
leaders of large organisations will inevitably find problems in getting those at lower levels in the hierarchy to comply with their [aims/goals] — a problem illustrated by the frequent leaks of confidential memoranda and reports in whitehall .

Making objectives explicit is a hostage to fortune and the failure to do so may reflect a shrewd awareness .
making [aims/goals] explicit is a hostage to fortune and the failure to do so may reflect a shrewd awareness .

The new agenda for the public sector emphasises organisational planning — the setting of objectives , measuring performance against those objectives , etc .
the new agenda for the public sector emphasises organisational planning — the setting of [aims/goals] , measuring performance against those [aims/goals] , etc .

Organisations tend to emphasise the benefits of policies rather than their costs , looking at the objectives to be achieved rather than the resources available .
organisations tend to emphasise the benefits of policies rather than their costs , looking at the [aims/goals] to be achieved rather than the resources available .

Attention becomes focused on costs of programmes rather than benefits , and resources available instead of objectives to be achieved .
attention becomes focused on costs of programmes rather than benefits , and resources available instead of [aims/goals] to be achieved .

a system in which managers at all levels have ( a ) a clear view of their objectives ; and means to assess and wherever possible measure outputs and performance in relation to those objectives ; ( b ) well-defined responsibility for making the best use of their resources , including a critical scrutiny of the output and value for money ; and ( c ) the information ( particularly about costs ) , the training and the access to expert advice which they need to exercise their responsibilities effectively .
a system in which managers at all levels have ( a ) a clear view of their [aims/goals] ; and means to assess and wherever possible measure outputs and performance in relation to those [aims/goals] ; ( b ) well-defined responsibility for making the best use of their resources , including a critical scrutiny of the output and value for money ; and ( c ) the information ( particularly about costs ) , the training and the access to expert advice which they need to exercise their responsibilities effectively .

Statement of objectives : clear statements of what departments were setting out to do were required .
statement of [aims/goals] : clear statements of what departments were setting out to do were required .

The introduction of local cost centres may result in people identifying with departmental objectives rather than the objectives of the organisation as a whole .
the introduction of local cost centres may result in people identifying with departmental [aims/goals] rather than the [aims/goals] of the organisation as a whole .

It should be carefully controlled so that it has the same character at all times , and is in perfect accord with the composer 's aesthetic objectives .
it should be carefully controlled so that it has the same character at all times , and is in perfect accord with the composer 's aesthetic [aims/goals] .

Serialism itself is normally certain to achieve these objectives .
serialism itself is normally certain to achieve these [aims/goals] .

The difficulties tend to come when these broad aims have to be translated into specific objectives for local areas of the Polytechnic , and in particular into detailed forward planning of student numbers .
the difficulties tend to come when these broad aims have to be translated into specific [aims/goals] for local areas of the polytechnic , and in particular into detailed forward planning of student numbers .

The tight specification of aims and objectives , what is to be taught and how it is to be assessed in each 1 1 — week module can lead to novel , innovative and exciting teaching , learning and assessment methods .
the tight specification of aims and [aims/goals] , what is to be taught and how it is to be assessed in each 1 1 — week module can lead to novel , innovative and exciting teaching , learning and assessment methods .

This neglects the fact that there may be more efficient and effective ways of achieving system objectives which remain unconsidered .
this neglects the fact that there may be more efficient and effective ways of achieving system [aims/goals] which remain unconsidered .

These arguments are based on the disadvantages of applying established legal techniques in situations where speed , flexibility and informality are the objectives of the tribunal .
these arguments are based on the disadvantages of applying established legal techniques in situations where speed , flexibility and informality are the [aims/goals] of the tribunal .

These are informal groups operating in a wide diversity of localities and conditions , with very different structures and objectives .
these are informal groups operating in a wide diversity of localities and conditions , with very different structures and [aims/goals] .

The Board reported that it had established management objectives and expressed confidence that the introduction of new management techniques , in many cases building on work in hand , would lead to significant improvements in the speed and quality of service and efficiency .
the board reported that it had established management [aims/goals] and expressed confidence that the introduction of new management techniques , in many cases building on work in hand , would lead to significant improvements in the speed and quality of service and efficiency .

Such support occurs either through membership of an organisation which happens to provide support for litigation , such as a trade union , or through membership of , or support by a pressure group , which is interested in dealing with only one issue , but which will support litigation if that litigation furthers the objectives of the group .
such support occurs either through membership of an organisation which happens to provide support for litigation , such as a trade union , or through membership of , or support by a pressure group , which is interested in dealing with only one issue , but which will support litigation if that litigation furthers the [aims/goals] of the group .

The possibility of funding actions which determine important points of law is particularly interesting , since civil justice has two possibly opposed objectives .
the possibility of funding actions which determine important points of law is particularly interesting , since civil justice has two possibly opposed [aims/goals] .

The majority of these recommendations were accepted by the Government in a policy document in 1989 entitled Caring for People ( Cm. 849 ) . This document had six key objectives for service delivery ( para. 1.11 ) :
the majority of these recommendations were accepted by the government in a policy document in 1989 entitled caring for people ( cm. 849 ) . this document had six key [aims/goals] for service delivery ( para. 1.11 ) :

In order to effect these objectives a number of changes were to be made in the provision and funding of social care . The main changes were :
in order to effect these [aims/goals] a number of changes were to be made in the provision and funding of social care . the main changes were :

This study provides detail about the impact of this style of service compared with traditional institutional care and the authors note the ‘ importance of combining therapeutic objectives , opportunities created by service design and organisation and the amount of quality of staff performance to determine the outcome of care for people ’ .
this study provides detail about the impact of this style of service compared with traditional institutional care and the authors note the ‘ importance of combining therapeutic [aims/goals] , opportunities created by service design and organisation and the amount of quality of staff performance to determine the outcome of care for people ’ .

Thus , these findings support the general interpretation of variable outcomes in community services which is emerging from other studies ( Landesman , 1988 ; Felce , 1988 ) , that it is the combination of therapeutic objectives , the opportunities created by service design and organization , and the amount and quality of staff performance which determines the outcomes for the people served .
thus , these findings support the general interpretation of variable outcomes in community services which is emerging from other studies ( landesman , 1988 ; felce , 1988 ) , that it is the combination of therapeutic [aims/goals] , the opportunities created by service design and organization , and the amount and quality of staff performance which determines the outcomes for the people served .

Whilst the White Paper acknowledges that local policy objectives and resources must be a key context in planning and delivery services , the government appears to be clear that at the point of assessment , decisions must be needs-based and ‘ should not focus only on the user 's suitability for a particular existing scheme ’ ( DoH , 1989b , p. 18 ) .
whilst the white paper acknowledges that local policy [aims/goals] and resources must be a key context in planning and delivery services , the government appears to be clear that at the point of assessment , decisions must be needs-based and ‘ should not focus only on the user 's suitability for a particular existing scheme ’ ( doh , 1989b , p. 18 ) .

In particular , the establishment of a multidisciplinary panel motivated to develop a practice model , with clear objectives , membership and identification of task , appeared to be particularly important factors in sustaining development work and leading to a practice model which became established across the disciplines .
in particular , the establishment of a multidisciplinary panel motivated to develop a practice model , with clear [aims/goals] , membership and identification of task , appeared to be particularly important factors in sustaining development work and leading to a practice model which became established across the disciplines .

provide clear commitments and policy objectives both for the development of comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessments and for the kinds and levels of services which the outcome of such assessments will require ;
provide clear commitments and policy [aims/goals] both for the development of comprehensive , multidisciplinary assessments and for the kinds and levels of services which the outcome of such assessments will require ;

Finally , the process of comprehensive assessment includes the ability to identify strategies to meet or minimize the need and risk which have been assessed , to set objectives , to plan , and to define desired outcomes .
finally , the process of comprehensive assessment includes the ability to identify strategies to meet or minimize the need and risk which have been assessed , to set [aims/goals] , to plan , and to define desired outcomes .

These essential stages in the process involve the translation of the information into understanding , and the translation of understanding into objectives and plans for action .
these essential stages in the process involve the translation of the information into understanding , and the translation of understanding into [aims/goals] and plans for action .

Finally , the formulation stage involves using the results of the assessment process to identify objectives , plans , and strategies . This stage draws considerably upon the knowledge , skills , and judgement of the practitioner and , as with the summary stage , may be facilitated by formulating the objectives around two key questions :
finally , the formulation stage involves using the results of the assessment process to identify [aims/goals] , plans , and strategies . this stage draws considerably upon the knowledge , skills , and judgement of the practitioner and , as with the summary stage , may be facilitated by formulating the [aims/goals] around two key questions :

Finally , it is important to recognize that there are very different opinions about the value of different outcomes , so that clients , providers , purchasers , carers , and advocates do not always share the same objectives .
finally , it is important to recognize that there are very different opinions about the value of different outcomes , so that clients , providers , purchasers , carers , and advocates do not always share the same [aims/goals] .

It is evident that case management , having originally been conceived as a way of improving the co-ordination of care for vulnerable client groups , has been included as a component in community care reforms as a process designed to achieve quite different objectives for the whole welfare system .
it is evident that case management , having originally been conceived as a way of improving the co-ordination of care for vulnerable client groups , has been included as a component in community care reforms as a process designed to achieve quite different [aims/goals] for the whole welfare system .

By formalizing objectives and reviewing their attainment , the care programme approach should improve effectiveness of care .
by formalizing [aims/goals] and reviewing their attainment , the care programme approach should improve effectiveness of care .

Hence , the usual practice of the European Court is to interpret the text in question in the light of its spirit , general scheme , and wording as well as the overall legal context , in particular the system and objectives of the founding treaties and the instrument containing the provision .
hence , the usual practice of the european court is to interpret the text in question in the light of its spirit , general scheme , and wording as well as the overall legal context , in particular the system and [aims/goals] of the founding treaties and the instrument containing the provision .

Finally , every provision of Community law must be placed in its context and interpreted in the light of the provisions of Community law as a whole , regard being had to the objectives thereof and to its state of evolution at the date on which the provision in question is to be applied .
finally , every provision of community law must be placed in its context and interpreted in the light of the provisions of community law as a whole , regard being had to the [aims/goals] thereof and to its state of evolution at the date on which the provision in question is to be applied .

The determination whether objectives can be ‘ better ’ achieved by the Community obviously involves a comparative judgment , and the question arises as to who is to make that judgment and whether it is justiciable .
the determination whether [aims/goals] can be ‘ better ’ achieved by the community obviously involves a comparative judgment , and the question arises as to who is to make that judgment and whether it is justiciable .

Essentially , it appears only to have been willing to investigate the necessity for Community legislation to the extent that it has been alleged that the existing law already complied with the objectives of that legislation , i.e .
essentially , it appears only to have been willing to investigate the necessity for community legislation to the extent that it has been alleged that the existing law already complied with the [aims/goals] of that legislation , i.e .

Interviews conducted by Tamar Pitch with members of the committee revealed that the campaign 's objectives included increasing public awareness of the issue of sexual assault and gaining recognition for the principle that violence against women was a serious offence .
interviews conducted by tamar pitch with members of the committee revealed that the campaign 's [aims/goals] included increasing public awareness of the issue of sexual assault and gaining recognition for the principle that violence against women was a serious offence .

Gradation schemes have a number of objectives .
gradation schemes have a number of [aims/goals] .

22 , the Canadian Law Reform Commission stated that one of its objectives was to ‘ direct attention away from rape as a sexual offence and towards the right of every person to be free from physical assault .
22 , the canadian law reform commission stated that one of its [aims/goals] was to ‘ direct attention away from rape as a sexual offence and towards the right of every person to be free from physical assault .

‘ Mr Riddle has a reputation for being a good business man , even a hard man ; did you think you stood any chance of persuading him out of two important objectives without offering anything in return ? ’
‘ mr riddle has a reputation for being a good business man , even a hard man ; did you think you stood any chance of persuading him out of two important [aims/goals] without offering anything in return ? ’

Companies which choose to participate will have to fulfil a number of objectives which include drawing up an environmental policy ; carrying out an environmental review and audit ; issuing environmental statements for their sites ; and having their system accredited by an independent verifier .
companies which choose to participate will have to fulfil a number of [aims/goals] which include drawing up an environmental policy ; carrying out an environmental review and audit ; issuing environmental statements for their sites ; and having their system accredited by an independent verifier .

The role of the Structure Plan is therefore to identify where to build new homes and businesses , taking account of planning objectives .
the role of the structure plan is therefore to identify where to build new homes and businesses , taking account of planning [aims/goals] .

Many of these objectives conflict and it is not possible to achieve them all .
many of these [aims/goals] conflict and it is not possible to achieve them all .

What are the Plan 's objectives ?
what are the plan 's [aims/goals] ?

The following objectives are developed in the Plan 's detailed policies and are reflected in its overall strategy to meet future demands .
the following [aims/goals] are developed in the plan 's detailed policies and are reflected in its overall strategy to meet future demands .

They should be seen as complementary contributions to the wider management of our transport , environmental and social objectives .
they should be seen as complementary contributions to the wider management of our transport , environmental and social [aims/goals] .

The Company 's objectives are to : Manage effectively its existing reserves portfolio ; find and develop efficiently additional reserves which offer significant potential to add value for shareholders ; build a business which is profitable even at low oil prices ; and provide a strong financial base to support its operations .
the company 's [aims/goals] are to : manage effectively its existing reserves portfolio ; find and develop efficiently additional reserves which offer significant potential to add value for shareholders ; build a business which is profitable even at low oil prices ; and provide a strong financial base to support its operations .

Industry has welcomed these objectives , along with the measures to increase technology transfer and improve the links between innovators and the market place .
industry has welcomed these [aims/goals] , along with the measures to increase technology transfer and improve the links between innovators and the market place .

It is hoped that these objectives can be met through developing airframe inspection techniques as a fully integrated system .
it is hoped that these [aims/goals] can be met through developing airframe inspection techniques as a fully integrated system .

Of the programme 's two main objectives , the Institution believes awareness has increased over the year , but the lack of action taken has , in some ways , been disappointment .
of the programme 's two main [aims/goals] , the institution believes awareness has increased over the year , but the lack of action taken has , in some ways , been disappointment .

This does not mean that the focus should only be on short-term objectives , or that the government should adopt a highly-prescriptive approach in deciding what to fund .
this does not mean that the focus should only be on short-term [aims/goals] , or that the government should adopt a highly-prescriptive approach in deciding what to fund .

The Consortium agreed to attract into membership all bodies that shared its objectives .
the consortium agreed to attract into membership all bodies that shared its [aims/goals] .

8 Achieving effective integration of environmental objectives into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact assessment techniques .
8 achieving effective integration of environmental [aims/goals] into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact assessment techniques .

The aims and objectives of Britain 's National Parks , together with the rights and responsibilities vested in National Park Authorities , have been fully described by both the Countryside Commission and the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority , and so need not be repeated here .
the aims and [aims/goals] of britain 's national parks , together with the rights and responsibilities vested in national park authorities , have been fully described by both the countryside commission and the pembrokeshire coast national park authority , and so need not be repeated here .

This is by no means the end of the matter , because the Council still intends to pursue its objectives by other means , but it certainly seems to indicate that it may be having second thoughts about the project 's viability and/or its acceptability .
this is by no means the end of the matter , because the council still intends to pursue its [aims/goals] by other means , but it certainly seems to indicate that it may be having second thoughts about the project 's viability and/or its acceptability .

The planning system , and the preparation of development plans in particular , can contribute to the objectives of ensuring that development and growth are sustainable .
the planning system , and the preparation of development plans in particular , can contribute to the [aims/goals] of ensuring that development and growth are sustainable .

There are other European Community Directives which have a bearing on the coast , and indirectly of coastal planning , such as Water Quality Objectives .
there are other european community directives which have a bearing on the coast , and indirectly of coastal planning , such as water quality [aims/goals] .

In our view , it is no longer sufficient to describe the Government 's aim as ‘ encouraging economic development in a way that is compatible with environmental objectives ’ .
in our view , it is no longer sufficient to describe the government 's aim as ‘ encouraging economic development in a way that is compatible with environmental [aims/goals] ’ .

The suggestion that the planning system can ‘ integrate ’ economic and environmental objectives and ‘ weigh up ’ the importance of development against environmental quality perpetuates an unhelpful distinction between two apparently incompatible priorities .
the suggestion that the planning system can ‘ integrate ’ economic and environmental [aims/goals] and ‘ weigh up ’ the importance of development against environmental quality perpetuates an unhelpful distinction between two apparently incompatible priorities .

We believe development plans are a vital means of securing the integrated approach to environmental and economic objectives which the guidance seeks .
we believe development plans are a vital means of securing the integrated approach to environmental and economic [aims/goals] which the guidance seeks .

The concept of balance implies that a trade-off is always possible ; that different and sometimes mutually exclusive objectives can be accommodated simply by spatial separation .
the concept of balance implies that a trade-off is always possible ; that different and sometimes mutually exclusive [aims/goals] can be accommodated simply by spatial separation .

Reconciliation implies the need to achieve harmony by making different objectives compatible .
reconciliation implies the need to achieve harmony by making different [aims/goals] compatible .

Objectives of a Branch Development Strategy
[aims/goals] of a branch development strategy

The two principal objectives would be :
the two principal [aims/goals] would be :

Welsh local authorities should take the lead role in responding to the objectives of Local Agenda 21 .
welsh local authorities should take the lead role in responding to the [aims/goals] of local agenda 21 .

Achieving effective integration of environmental objectives into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact assessment techniques .
achieving effective integration of environmental [aims/goals] into all sectors of policy , especially through the use of advanced environmental impact assessment techniques .

We would still welcome a thorough reappraisal of the statutory objectives , powers and duties of the Council in order to ensure they are relevant to the challenges which lie ahead .
we would still welcome a thorough reappraisal of the statutory [aims/goals] , powers and duties of the council in order to ensure they are relevant to the challenges which lie ahead .

Overall , however , the expedition was a great success : ‘ Most of our aims were achieved , as — among other objectives — we confirmed the presence of five threatened species of mammal , we carried out the first study of bats in the area , and we gathered valuable information on the flora of the area , including the discovery of a new species , ’ she continued .
overall , however , the expedition was a great success : ‘ most of our aims were achieved , as — among other [aims/goals] — we confirmed the presence of five threatened species of mammal , we carried out the first study of bats in the area , and we gathered valuable information on the flora of the area , including the discovery of a new species , ’ she continued .

deciding your objectives
deciding your [aims/goals]

However , different people have different long term objectives , and different ways of saving for them .
however , different people have different long term [aims/goals] , and different ways of saving for them .

Then show your tax-efficient ways of meeting your investment objectives .
then show your tax-efficient ways of meeting your investment [aims/goals] .

Academic aims and objectives
academic aims and [aims/goals]

Policies , objectives , and patterns of employment .
policies , [aims/goals] , and patterns of employment .

Making Europe more democratic , more equal and economically stronger are not the only objectives of our socialist policies .
making europe more democratic , more equal and economically stronger are not the only [aims/goals] of our socialist policies .

The first phase of the programme includes the agreement of a personal learning contract based on an assessment of personal competences in relation to career objectives .
the first phase of the programme includes the agreement of a personal learning contract based on an assessment of personal competences in relation to career [aims/goals] .

2 The need for standard terms — drafting objectives
2 the need for standard terms — drafting [aims/goals]

It is often said that one of the objectives of a commercial contract is to allocate risks between the contracting parties and the drafter 's client will generally wish to throw as many of the risks as possible onto its trading partners .
it is often said that one of the [aims/goals] of a commercial contract is to allocate risks between the contracting parties and the drafter 's client will generally wish to throw as many of the risks as possible onto its trading partners .

Throughout the drafting process the drafter should keep in mind the objectives the terms are intended to achieve .
throughout the drafting process the drafter should keep in mind the [aims/goals] the terms are intended to achieve .

As already noted , those objectives can be described , in broad terms , as being to minimise the obligations of the drafter 's client , whilst ensuring , so far as possible , that the client 's trading partners perform their obligations .
as already noted , those [aims/goals] can be described , in broad terms , as being to minimise the obligations of the drafter 's client , whilst ensuring , so far as possible , that the client 's trading partners perform their obligations .

Objectives , Obligations and Exceptions
[aims/goals] , obligations and exceptions

In order to achieve these objectives the drafter must have a clear understanding of the following matters .
in order to achieve these [aims/goals] the drafter must have a clear understanding of the following matters .

With these factors in mind , it can be seen that , if drafting for the supplier , the drafter 's objectives are : 1 To ensure that the buyer accepts the goods/services supplied and does not reject goods or terminate the contract .
with these factors in mind , it can be seen that , if drafting for the supplier , the drafter 's [aims/goals] are : 1 to ensure that the buyer accepts the goods/services supplied and does not reject goods or terminate the contract .

If drafting for the buyer , the objectives are : 1 To ensure that the supplier performs/delivers .
if drafting for the buyer , the [aims/goals] are : 1 to ensure that the supplier performs/delivers .

As trading becomes less and less directly connected with physical trading floors , or even a particular trading system , the rulebook becomes more and more the key determinant of the exchange 's identity and objectives .
as trading becomes less and less directly connected with physical trading floors , or even a particular trading system , the rulebook becomes more and more the key determinant of the exchange 's identity and [aims/goals] .

Content of the rules : the commercial objectives
content of the rules : the commercial [aims/goals]

The first part of this book therefore looks at the broader business objectives and implications of being involved in a personal injury practice .
the first part of this book therefore looks at the broader business [aims/goals] and implications of being involved in a personal injury practice .

This applies both to Nazi propaganda , whose strategies and objectives are analysed and exposed by Sauer , and to the world portrayed in Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet , where , according to Ryan , the tragic fate of the two lovers is due to the inescapable power of the norms which regulate personal and sexual relationships in their particular society , and which are enforced and perpetuated through language .
this applies both to nazi propaganda , whose strategies and [aims/goals] are analysed and exposed by sauer , and to the world portrayed in shakespeare 's romeo and juliet , where , according to ryan , the tragic fate of the two lovers is due to the inescapable power of the norms which regulate personal and sexual relationships in their particular society , and which are enforced and perpetuated through language .

In 1937 its Annual Conference gave support to the formation of a `` Workers Front `` , a coalition of socialist groups for specifically radical objectives .
in 1937 its annual conference gave support to the formation of a `` workers front `` , a coalition of socialist groups for specifically radical [aims/goals] .

All the energy and drive which gave to that campaign so electric a character in the first weeks of this year must find outlets for the same fundamental objectives in new , and yet familiar channels .
all the energy and drive which gave to that campaign so electric a character in the first weeks of this year must find outlets for the same fundamental [aims/goals] in new , and yet familiar channels .

Objectives : 1 .
[aims/goals] : 1 .

Project objectives
project [aims/goals]

The success of Objectives 1 and 2 is based on a thorough acquisition of information retrieval skills and a recognition of their interdependence .
the success of [aims/goals] 1 and 2 is based on a thorough acquisition of information retrieval skills and a recognition of their interdependence .

Information skills would be taught in a structured , integrated and progressive manner as outlined in Objectives land 2 .
information skills would be taught in a structured , integrated and progressive manner as outlined in [aims/goals] land 2 .

The choice of access points or retrieval fields and the specific terminology used to `` label `` each record depends on the content , aims and objectives of the curriculum .
the choice of access points or retrieval fields and the specific terminology used to `` label `` each record depends on the content , aims and [aims/goals] of the curriculum .

The aims and objectives of the curriculum and the particular assignment — the specific areas the pupils are expected to explore , the scope for individual research and the expected outcome of the task — will largely determine the depth of keyword indexing as well as coverage of the database .
the aims and [aims/goals] of the curriculum and the particular assignment — the specific areas the pupils are expected to explore , the scope for individual research and the expected outcome of the task — will largely determine the depth of keyword indexing as well as coverage of the database .

This question again relates to the needs and abilities of users as well as the aims and objectives of the curriculum .
this question again relates to the needs and abilities of users as well as the aims and [aims/goals] of the curriculum .

Aims and objectives
aims and [aims/goals]

The first question which should be asked on this subject is why use microcomputers Is the starting point for the selection of software either ( a ) because in this technological era everyone should know about microcomputers or ( b ) for sound learning aims and objectives ? i.e. do school librarians and teachers start from the skills and processes or because of the existence of software ? It is only in the context of the answers to these questions that relevant and helpful criteria for selection can be developed .
the first question which should be asked on this subject is why use microcomputers is the starting point for the selection of software either ( a ) because in this technological era everyone should know about microcomputers or ( b ) for sound learning aims and [aims/goals] ? i.e. do school librarians and teachers start from the skills and processes or because of the existence of software ? it is only in the context of the answers to these questions that relevant and helpful criteria for selection can be developed .

His single-minded pursuit of his objectives — which had originally led him to sweep her off her feet in such a masterly fashion — and his instinctive opposition to the challenge before him now were qualities which Laura found truly admirable .
his single-minded pursuit of his [aims/goals] — which had originally led him to sweep her off her feet in such a masterly fashion — and his instinctive opposition to the challenge before him now were qualities which laura found truly admirable .

The main objectives of policy are , first , to enable the demand to be met in the right places , while preventing sites from springing up in the wrong places ; and , second , to allow caravan sites , where permitted , to be established on a permanent or long-term basis , in order to facilitate the provision of proper services and equipment and to allow the occupants reasonable security of tenure .
the main [aims/goals] of policy are , first , to enable the demand to be met in the right places , while preventing sites from springing up in the wrong places ; and , second , to allow caravan sites , where permitted , to be established on a permanent or long-term basis , in order to facilitate the provision of proper services and equipment and to allow the occupants reasonable security of tenure .

Dobry therefore had a difficult task of reconciling apparently irreconcilable objectives : to expedite planning procedures while at the same time facilitating greater public participation and devising a system which would produce better environmental results .
dobry therefore had a difficult task of reconciling apparently irreconcilable [aims/goals] : to expedite planning procedures while at the same time facilitating greater public participation and devising a system which would produce better environmental results .

All Dobry 's major recommendations for changes in the system were rejected , though it was stressed that their objectives could typically be achieved if local authorities adopted ‘ the most efficient working methods .
all dobry 's major recommendations for changes in the system were rejected , though it was stressed that their [aims/goals] could typically be achieved if local authorities adopted ‘ the most efficient working methods .

Two of the government 's most important objectives are to reduce the proportion of the nation 's wealth consumed by the public sector and to reduce the extent to which individuals are held back by the public sector …
two of the government 's most important [aims/goals] are to reduce the proportion of the nation 's wealth consumed by the public sector and to reduce the extent to which individuals are held back by the public sector …

In the government 's view it is wrong that planning decisions about land use should so often result in the realizing of unearned increments by the owners of the land to which they apply , and that desirable development should be frustrated by owners withholding their land in the hope of higher prices . The two main objectives of the government 's land policy are , therefore :
in the government 's view it is wrong that planning decisions about land use should so often result in the realizing of unearned increments by the owners of the land to which they apply , and that desirable development should be frustrated by owners withholding their land in the hope of higher prices . the two main [aims/goals] of the government 's land policy are , therefore :

To enable these two objectives to be achieved a Land Commission was established ( with headquarters located at Newcastle upon Tyne , in line with the dispersal of offices policy ) .
to enable these two [aims/goals] to be achieved a land commission was established ( with headquarters located at newcastle upon tyne , in line with the dispersal of offices policy ) .

The Labour government which was returned to power in March 1974 lost little time in producing its anticipated white paper on land policy . The objectives of this were :
the labour government which was returned to power in march 1974 lost little time in producing its anticipated white paper on land policy . the [aims/goals] of this were :

Wise use of our planning system should make it possible to achieve both objectives .
wise use of our planning system should make it possible to achieve both [aims/goals] .

Second , the same act makes provision for ‘ environmentally sensitive areas ’ ( ESAs ) where annual grants are payable by this ministry to farmers to enable them to follow farming practices which will achieve conservation objectives .
second , the same act makes provision for ‘ environmentally sensitive areas ’ ( esas ) where annual grants are payable by this ministry to farmers to enable them to follow farming practices which will achieve conservation [aims/goals] .

The two objectives of land registers are to encourage the disposal of unused or under-used land in public ownership and to provide information for potential purchasers .
the two [aims/goals] of land registers are to encourage the disposal of unused or under-used land in public ownership and to provide information for potential purchasers .

There are two objectives here .
there are two [aims/goals] here .

What about the more immediate objectives ?
what about the more immediate [aims/goals] ?

The Council 's objectives are wholly concerned with economic growth , rather than with the distribution of the benefits of that growth and as a result , the full participation of all members is possible without sectional positions being adopted .
the council 's [aims/goals] are wholly concerned with economic growth , rather than with the distribution of the benefits of that growth and as a result , the full participation of all members is possible without sectional positions being adopted .

The Scottish Development Department on environmental policy objectives , being a submission in the course of government 's preparation of the White Paper This Common Inheritance ;
the scottish development department on environmental policy [aims/goals] , being a submission in the course of government 's preparation of the white paper this common inheritance ;

What effect do changes in the amount of money have on the four macroeconomic objectives ?
what effect do changes in the amount of money have on the four macroeconomic [aims/goals] ?

At the centre of these debates are the key questions of how well does a free-market economy meet the various macroeconomic objectives , and to what extent can government intervention improve things ?
at the centre of these debates are the key questions of how well does a free-market economy meet the various macroeconomic [aims/goals] , and to what extent can government intervention improve things ?

The Council 's objectives are entirely concerned with economic growth , rather than with the distribution of the benefits of that growth and as a result , the full participation of all members is possible without sectional positions being adopted .
the council 's [aims/goals] are entirely concerned with economic growth , rather than with the distribution of the benefits of that growth and as a result , the full participation of all members is possible without sectional positions being adopted .

Information Management strategies are being developed in many large organisations to manage this asset effectively , enabling the organisation to achieve crucial business objectives , in addition to controlling costs .
information management strategies are being developed in many large organisations to manage this asset effectively , enabling the organisation to achieve crucial business [aims/goals] , in addition to controlling costs .

Information Management strategies are being developed in many large organisations to manage this asset effectively , enabling the organisation to achieve crucial business objectives , in addition to controlling costs .
information management strategies are being developed in many large organisations to manage this asset effectively , enabling the organisation to achieve crucial business [aims/goals] , in addition to controlling costs .

This strategic approach aims to optimise information and technology as valuable resources to achieve the key business objectives of the corporation .
this strategic approach aims to optimise information and technology as valuable resources to achieve the key business [aims/goals] of the corporation .

Often we share many common objectives and interests with other agencies operating in our town in seeking to communicate with our communities .
often we share many common [aims/goals] and interests with other agencies operating in our town in seeking to communicate with our communities .

The Science Museum 's Corporate Plan for 1992–1997 states that one of its core objectives is to ‘ acquire the most significant objects as physical evidence of science worldwide ’ .
the science museum 's corporate plan for 1992–1997 states that one of its core [aims/goals] is to ‘ acquire the most significant objects as physical evidence of science worldwide ’ .

The challenge of the electronic media informs much of its Strategic objectives for the year 2000 ( May 1993 ) .
the challenge of the electronic media informs much of its strategic [aims/goals] for the year 2000 ( may 1993 ) .

Firstly by formulating clear objectives for minimum standards , documentation creation procedures and dissemination of documentation within the work of the Archive as a whole .
firstly by formulating clear [aims/goals] for minimum standards , documentation creation procedures and dissemination of documentation within the work of the archive as a whole .

The main thrust of Friedman 's paper was to displace what he regarded as an ill-informed and misguided optimism among post-war Keynesians concerning the ability of governments to intervene in the economy to achieve particular policy objectives .
the main thrust of friedman 's paper was to displace what he regarded as an ill-informed and misguided optimism among post-war keynesians concerning the ability of governments to intervene in the economy to achieve particular policy [aims/goals] .

He singled out for special criticism two specific objectives which had figured so prominently in the application of Keynesian ideas : ( a ) the notion that the proper focus of attention for monetary policy was the attainment of targets for the rate of interest as opposed to targets for the supply of money ; ( b ) that demand management policies could be adjusted in such a way as to achieve a target combination of inflation and unemployment which was sustainable indefinitely .
he singled out for special criticism two specific [aims/goals] which had figured so prominently in the application of keynesian ideas : ( a ) the notion that the proper focus of attention for monetary policy was the attainment of targets for the rate of interest as opposed to targets for the supply of money ; ( b ) that demand management policies could be adjusted in such a way as to achieve a target combination of inflation and unemployment which was sustainable indefinitely .

The money supply is of no intrinsic significance : it only matters to the extent that it may be manipulated in such a way as to achieve other intermediate objectives of macroeconomic policy such as interest rate or exchange rate stability .
the money supply is of no intrinsic significance : it only matters to the extent that it may be manipulated in such a way as to achieve other intermediate [aims/goals] of macroeconomic policy such as interest rate or exchange rate stability .

The terms of appointment and objectives of any such advisers , and the division of functions between them , should be clearly set out , in order to produce material of the greatest utility and so as not to duplicate work and inflate costs .
the terms of appointment and [aims/goals] of any such advisers , and the division of functions between them , should be clearly set out , in order to produce material of the greatest utility and so as not to duplicate work and inflate costs .

Which factor predominates will depend largely on the relative negotiating strengths of the vendor and the purchaser and on the specific circumstances of the parties , their objectives and the business being sold .
which factor predominates will depend largely on the relative negotiating strengths of the vendor and the purchaser and on the specific circumstances of the parties , their [aims/goals] and the business being sold .

At this initial stage , the purchaser should discuss carefully with its advisers the scope , aims and objectives of the investigation .
at this initial stage , the purchaser should discuss carefully with its advisers the scope , aims and [aims/goals] of the investigation .

The government has planned an ecological and social strategy to reach those objectives `` , Fujimori asserted .
the government has planned an ecological and social strategy to reach those [aims/goals] `` , fujimori asserted .

Key objectives include preserving forest biodiversity and providing benefit to forest peoples .
key [aims/goals] include preserving forest biodiversity and providing benefit to forest peoples .

It advocates the establishment of a `` whole farm management scheme `` , with incentives for environment-friendly farming which would be in line with the Alliance 's principal objectives .
it advocates the establishment of a `` whole farm management scheme `` , with incentives for environment-friendly farming which would be in line with the alliance 's principal [aims/goals] .

The World Bank claims to have quadrupled its funding of projects with `` primarily environmental objectives `` .
the world bank claims to have quadrupled its funding of projects with `` primarily environmental [aims/goals] `` .

The committee also called on the government to formulate long-term fuel-pricing objectives in order to encourage industry to invest in energy-saving measures and thereby to reduce emissions .
the committee also called on the government to formulate long-term fuel-pricing [aims/goals] in order to encourage industry to invest in energy-saving measures and thereby to reduce emissions .

There is no mention of sanctions against companies , or fines if they do not fulfil the objectives , or of incentives … for them to make adjustments `` he said .
there is no mention of sanctions against companies , or fines if they do not fulfil the [aims/goals] , or of incentives … for them to make adjustments `` he said .

As the organising committee we set three objectives for this conference . They are :
as the organising committee we set three [aims/goals] for this conference . they are :

The group of people who form the membership of the company were drawn together to assist in achieving the above objectives with whatever professional expertise and personal knowledge they had at their command .
the group of people who form the membership of the company were drawn together to assist in achieving the above [aims/goals] with whatever professional expertise and personal knowledge they had at their command .

Not only does this result in uncertainty about the future of projects funded through Making Belfast Work but it also creates inter-departmental friction and runs counter to the findings of the government scrutiny report of funding of voluntary agencies , which said funding should be tied to departmental objectives .
not only does this result in uncertainty about the future of projects funded through making belfast work but it also creates inter-departmental friction and runs counter to the findings of the government scrutiny report of funding of voluntary agencies , which said funding should be tied to departmental [aims/goals] .

Does government have a community economic development strategy ? If so , what are its aims and objectives ?
does government have a community economic development strategy ? if so , what are its aims and [aims/goals] ?

It does mean , however , that the material has been carefully constructed within a narrative framework , with a clear purpose in mind and with recognizable objectives on the part of the author or editor .
it does mean , however , that the material has been carefully constructed within a narrative framework , with a clear purpose in mind and with recognizable [aims/goals] on the part of the author or editor .

The defeat of inflation — a permanent , unrelenting crusade — has to be foremost among any wise Government 's objectives .
the defeat of inflation — a permanent , unrelenting crusade — has to be foremost among any wise government 's [aims/goals] .

Public service broadcasting objectives were intertwined with two other issues : the state as arbiter between different interests ( programme companies , the cinema industry , etc .
public service broadcasting [aims/goals] were intertwined with two other issues : the state as arbiter between different interests ( programme companies , the cinema industry , etc .

Thanks to whoever it was , Baldwin by the spring of 1924 was making surprisingly good progress toward the political objectives which he had set himself the previous autumn .
thanks to whoever it was , baldwin by the spring of 1924 was making surprisingly good progress toward the political [aims/goals] which he had set himself the previous autumn .

The Grand Moral Union of the Productive Classes reverted to an organisation having the characteristic objectives of a trade union : the Grand National Consolidated Trade Union .
the grand moral union of the productive classes reverted to an organisation having the characteristic [aims/goals] of a trade union : the grand national consolidated trade union .

So , it was in the ordinary conduct of party politics by men in pursuit of power that expectations , aspirations and objectives were reduced to an apparent simplicity , to a crudity of choice for which all that could be said was that it represented the national will .
so , it was in the ordinary conduct of party politics by men in pursuit of power that expectations , aspirations and [aims/goals] were reduced to an apparent simplicity , to a crudity of choice for which all that could be said was that it represented the national will .

Not that the Pioneers of the Consumers ' Movement supposed that they were abandoning Owenite objectives , still less that they intended to do so .
not that the pioneers of the consumers ' movement supposed that they were abandoning owenite [aims/goals] , still less that they intended to do so .

’ First on the list of their declared objectives was ‘ The establishment of a store for the sale of provisions , clothing etc .
’ first on the list of their declared [aims/goals] was ‘ the establishment of a store for the sale of provisions , clothing etc .

For that is not necessarily to say that the Consumers ' Movement 's treatment of production as incidental to its interests was , on a strategic view of the objectives of Co-operation , right .
for that is not necessarily to say that the consumers ' movement 's treatment of production as incidental to its interests was , on a strategic view of the [aims/goals] of co-operation , right .

First , as a criticism of the sheer impracticability of the grandiose project Owen had in 1833 put to the Grand Moral Union of the Productive Classes and which still survived in the objectives though not in the activities of its even shorter-lived successor , the Grand National Consolidated Trade Union , the Webbs ' case succeeds .
first , as a criticism of the sheer impracticability of the grandiose project owen had in 1833 put to the grand moral union of the productive classes and which still survived in the [aims/goals] though not in the activities of its even shorter-lived successor , the grand national consolidated trade union , the webbs ' case succeeds .

By contrast , empirical tentativity need not pursue objectives beyond the point where they cease to produce their expected social benefit .
by contrast , empirical tentativity need not pursue [aims/goals] beyond the point where they cease to produce their expected social benefit .

Nor will it do so in countries where genuine political democracy is firmly established and the electorate will no longer support the objectives .
nor will it do so in countries where genuine political democracy is firmly established and the electorate will no longer support the [aims/goals] .

The declaration of policy was more than a statement of priorities and objectives , designed to disavow as misdirected Mr Benn 's essay in Industrial Co-operation and to restore credibility to the idea — and , incidentally , to meet Signor Prandini 's dismissive criticism .
the declaration of policy was more than a statement of priorities and [aims/goals] , designed to disavow as misdirected mr benn 's essay in industrial co-operation and to restore credibility to the idea — and , incidentally , to meet signor prandini 's dismissive criticism .

The Nuclear Free Zone Treaty is open only to South Pacific Forum States , but its objectives can not be fully achieved without some commitments from third parties .
the nuclear free zone treaty is open only to south pacific forum states , but its [aims/goals] can not be fully achieved without some commitments from third parties .

O'Connell gives the example of a State that wishes to associate itself with the primary objectives of a treaty but not with its implementation .
o'connell gives the example of a state that wishes to associate itself with the primary [aims/goals] of a treaty but not with its implementation .

The status was intended to be enduring until its objectives were achieved , or until it was changed in accordance with the Mandate agreement .
the status was intended to be enduring until its [aims/goals] were achieved , or until it was changed in accordance with the mandate agreement .

Instead of class analysis and the more obvious communist objectives the Party was to advance on a broad front as the dominant power of the League For The Independence Of Vietnam : the Viet Nam Doc Lap Dong Minh or , in its more memorable form , the Vietminh .
instead of class analysis and the more obvious communist [aims/goals] the party was to advance on a broad front as the dominant power of the league for the independence of vietnam : the viet nam doc lap dong minh or , in its more memorable form , the vietminh .

Whether it would have been possible against this background of practically continuous fighting in the south , more than a year before the first Vietnam war between France and the Vietminh is usually reckoned to have begun , for either side to have modified its objectives to the point where compromise could have been reached is obviously a question which is relevant to the origins of the Vietnam war and one must therefore look for the characteristics which , at least after the event , suggest a remarkably high risk of collision .
whether it would have been possible against this background of practically continuous fighting in the south , more than a year before the first vietnam war between france and the vietminh is usually reckoned to have begun , for either side to have modified its [aims/goals] to the point where compromise could have been reached is obviously a question which is relevant to the origins of the vietnam war and one must therefore look for the characteristics which , at least after the event , suggest a remarkably high risk of collision .

Although his actions were widely condemned at the time and subsequently , it is a more open question whether his objectives were so much at odds with those of his government .
although his actions were widely condemned at the time and subsequently , it is a more open question whether his [aims/goals] were so much at odds with those of his government .

The objectives were to hit the main source of supplies to the Vietcong and to undermine the morale of the North Vietnamese people .
the [aims/goals] were to hit the main source of supplies to the vietcong and to undermine the morale of the north vietnamese people .

The programme had these objectives : Training for Commercial Pilot 's Licence and Instrument Rating ; Jet Transport Type Rating ; Training to airline standards and procedures ; Training for Airline Transport Pilot 's Licence ; Training of Flight Engineers ; Instructor Training .
the programme had these [aims/goals] : training for commercial pilot 's licence and instrument rating ; jet transport type rating ; training to airline standards and procedures ; training for airline transport pilot 's licence ; training of flight engineers ; instructor training .

… can best be viewed as a well-disciplined , systematic approach to education and training characterised by explicitness ( particularly in regard to objectives ) , by sophisticated analysis and synthesis , by the utilisation of optimal decision making procedures and by rigorous empirical evaluation .
… can best be viewed as a well-disciplined , systematic approach to education and training characterised by explicitness ( particularly in regard to [aims/goals] ) , by sophisticated analysis and synthesis , by the utilisation of optimal decision making procedures and by rigorous empirical evaluation .

The identification of objectives : what must the students learn ?
the identification of [aims/goals] : what must the students learn ?

We lack general agreement on the formulation of objectives , and in many subject areas there is great dispute as to how far , if at all , we can test whether some quite crucial objectives have been achieved .
we lack general agreement on the formulation of [aims/goals] , and in many subject areas there is great dispute as to how far , if at all , we can test whether some quite crucial [aims/goals] have been achieved .

The argument on objectives is perhaps particularly noteworthy .
the argument on [aims/goals] is perhaps particularly noteworthy .

One reason for insisting on such an analysis is our need ( as Rowntree ( 1974 ) reminds us ) to `` beware of implicit objectives `` .
one reason for insisting on such an analysis is our need ( as rowntree ( 1974 ) reminds us ) to `` beware of implicit [aims/goals] `` .

If we do n't specify the objectives we want , we 'll have to put up with those we get . ``
if we do n't specify the [aims/goals] we want , we 'll have to put up with those we get . ``

The systematic analysis and design of learning sequences , based on a careful examination of objectives and constraints , and utilizing a chosen selection from all available methods and resources according to their suitability ; the systems approach to teaching and learning ; a theory based upon this .
the systematic analysis and design of learning sequences , based on a careful examination of [aims/goals] and constraints , and utilizing a chosen selection from all available methods and resources according to their suitability ; the systems approach to teaching and learning ; a theory based upon this .

Much of the activity ( and one says this with both elation and exasperation ) is the kind which good teacher-librarians , not tied to purely literary objectives , have long advocated , but extended to include not only the `` newer `` media but also the resources of the world outside .
much of the activity ( and one says this with both elation and exasperation ) is the kind which good teacher-librarians , not tied to purely literary [aims/goals] , have long advocated , but extended to include not only the `` newer `` media but also the resources of the world outside .

It is very easy to have all the right motives , intentions and objectives ; it is often very difficult to put these intentions effectively into practice .
it is very easy to have all the right motives , intentions and [aims/goals] ; it is often very difficult to put these intentions effectively into practice .

At an already existing school with much less lavish provision , Ron Mitson of Codsall Comprehensive established a thorough change of the total organizational pattern of the school in order to provoke , stimulate and support the kind of thinking and innovation he sought from his staff . His analysis of objectives reinforces Cunningham 's :
at an already existing school with much less lavish provision , ron mitson of codsall comprehensive established a thorough change of the total organizational pattern of the school in order to provoke , stimulate and support the kind of thinking and innovation he sought from his staff . his analysis of [aims/goals] reinforces cunningham 's :

Moreover , the pupil or student equally has questions , especially if his assignment is of an open-ended kind , or if his teacher has included ( as one hopes he increasingly will ) the objectives of developing autonomy and self-confidence in research in his instructional design .
moreover , the pupil or student equally has questions , especially if his assignment is of an open-ended kind , or if his teacher has included ( as one hopes he increasingly will ) the [aims/goals] of developing autonomy and self-confidence in research in his instructional design .

Each should respect the other 's strengths : that the teacher can intervene in a positive way to prevent the acquisition of bad learning and reading habits and to ensure that broad aims and objectives are , as far as it is possible to ensure , reached ; and that the librarian , working in a permissive non-authority setting , can by indirection and suggestion , using the child 's natural behaviour and personally chosen interests , foster the development of activities and skills from which learning and motivation arise .
each should respect the other 's strengths : that the teacher can intervene in a positive way to prevent the acquisition of bad learning and reading habits and to ensure that broad aims and [aims/goals] are , as far as it is possible to ensure , reached ; and that the librarian , working in a permissive non-authority setting , can by indirection and suggestion , using the child 's natural behaviour and personally chosen interests , foster the development of activities and skills from which learning and motivation arise .

Moreover , in acting as a teacher the librarian was offering structured and directed courses with declared objectives , and frequently with examined results .
moreover , in acting as a teacher the librarian was offering structured and directed courses with declared [aims/goals] , and frequently with examined results .

At first sight , the objectives of the Library-College movement seem very similar to those of mainstream educational technologists , particularly those with a predominant interest in self-instructional packages .
at first sight , the [aims/goals] of the library-college movement seem very similar to those of mainstream educational technologists , particularly those with a predominant interest in self-instructional packages .

However , whereas educational technologists are , in theory , uncommitted design consultants , looking at each educational unit and set of objectives and then ( and only then ) prescribing suitable methodologies and media , Library-Collegians give the immediate appearance of preferring `` their `` answers .
however , whereas educational technologists are , in theory , uncommitted design consultants , looking at each educational unit and set of [aims/goals] and then ( and only then ) prescribing suitable methodologies and media , library-collegians give the immediate appearance of preferring `` their `` answers .

Louis Shores foresees the student shaping his own course and his own curriculum , with the library providing the main means of achievement of his objectives as he sees them ; the teacher is to be available `` when needed `` .
louis shores foresees the student shaping his own course and his own curriculum , with the library providing the main means of achievement of his [aims/goals] as he sees them ; the teacher is to be available `` when needed `` .

Generally speaking , Library-Collegians are better at exhortation and generalization than on detailed analysis of how to achieve their objectives or even what all their objectives should be .
generally speaking , library-collegians are better at exhortation and generalization than on detailed analysis of how to achieve their [aims/goals] or even what all their [aims/goals] should be .

The early death of Dr Knapp was a serious blow to those who respected her careful and meticulous studies and research , as well as her analyses of library objectives within the educational system .
the early death of dr knapp was a serious blow to those who respected her careful and meticulous studies and research , as well as her analyses of library [aims/goals] within the educational system .

What is offered is not the results of detailed observation and validation , but an attempt to argue out from a comparison of , on the one hand , declared principles and objectives , and on the other hand , personal experience and published accounts , the fuller implications of resource-based learning in practice .
what is offered is not the results of detailed observation and validation , but an attempt to argue out from a comparison of , on the one hand , declared principles and [aims/goals] , and on the other hand , personal experience and published accounts , the fuller implications of resource-based learning in practice .

What aims , objectives , hopes , wishes and intentions are gathered together under the broad heading of resource-based learning ?
what aims , [aims/goals] , hopes , wishes and intentions are gathered together under the broad heading of resource-based learning ?

This had obvious implications for methodology which went beyond the simpler objectives of transferring information from teacher to student .
this had obvious implications for methodology which went beyond the simpler [aims/goals] of transferring information from teacher to student .

This brings into view a number of sub-sequences and minor objectives , as well as forcing the teacher to state to himself what the pupil will need , not only to do , but be able to do , in order to take part in the work .
this brings into view a number of sub-sequences and minor [aims/goals] , as well as forcing the teacher to state to himself what the pupil will need , not only to do , but be able to do , in order to take part in the work .

What basically emerges from the planning point of view is the number of objectives that need to be considered in terms of pupil performance — not only what he will be able to do at completion ( on which educational technologists have understandably concentrated ) but also what he will have to be able to do in the process .
what basically emerges from the planning point of view is the number of [aims/goals] that need to be considered in terms of pupil performance — not only what he will be able to do at completion ( on which educational technologists have understandably concentrated ) but also what he will have to be able to do in the process .

Overall aims and objectives .
overall aims and [aims/goals] .

This will include not only the subject matter it is essential to master , but the skills it is essential to practise , as well as social and motivational aims , and subsidiary objectives .
this will include not only the subject matter it is essential to master , but the skills it is essential to practise , as well as social and motivational aims , and subsidiary [aims/goals] .

These will be dictated by the objectives , as well as ( other things being equal ) by the style preferences of the teacher or teaching team .
these will be dictated by the [aims/goals] , as well as ( other things being equal ) by the style preferences of the teacher or teaching team .

The planning must then design the introductory and motivating unit ( the `` lead lesson `` , the `` starter pack `` , an introductory film , or whatever is the best agent for the particular purpose ) , a schedule of subsequent activity anticipating varieties of use and as many of the consequent hazards as can be foreseen , and the expected conclusion ; and at every stage it is important to be clear about intentions and objectives , learning points , and how it is proposed to monitor the continuing success of the work in achieving these objectives .
the planning must then design the introductory and motivating unit ( the `` lead lesson `` , the `` starter pack `` , an introductory film , or whatever is the best agent for the particular purpose ) , a schedule of subsequent activity anticipating varieties of use and as many of the consequent hazards as can be foreseen , and the expected conclusion ; and at every stage it is important to be clear about intentions and [aims/goals] , learning points , and how it is proposed to monitor the continuing success of the work in achieving these [aims/goals] .

Because there are so many desirable objectives to achieve for the convalescent patient the outcome of rehabilitative measures is difficult to quantify .
because there are so many desirable [aims/goals] to achieve for the convalescent patient the outcome of rehabilitative measures is difficult to quantify .

Each time you make contact , identify the " service objectives " ' . What are the other person 's business needs and how can you best serve to meet them ?
each time you make contact , identify the " service [aims/goals] " ' . what are the other person 's business needs and how can you best serve to meet them ?

The Profitboss knows that he can only be successful in negotiations ( whether they be with customers , suppliers or unions ) if he is prepared to say " No " when his " prime " ( price ) objectives are not to be met .
the profitboss knows that he can only be successful in negotiations ( whether they be with customers , suppliers or unions ) if he is prepared to say " no " when his " prime " ( price ) [aims/goals] are not to be met .

The last thing he will do is reveal these `` price `` objectives , never declaring his mandated 4 per cent maximum to the other side .
the last thing he will do is reveal these `` price `` [aims/goals] , never declaring his mandated 4 per cent maximum to the other side .

He sets objectives without yielding to the latest fashion for doing so .
he sets [aims/goals] without yielding to the latest fashion for doing so .

Corporatist arrangements are now extremely common ; the language of ‘ partnership ’ between government and non-governmental bodies to achieve ‘ shared policy objectives ’ became a cliche of political discourse in the 1980s .
corporatist arrangements are now extremely common ; the language of ‘ partnership ’ between government and non-governmental bodies to achieve ‘ shared policy [aims/goals] ’ became a cliche of political discourse in the 1980s .

An integral part of these objectives is the restoration of Sri Lanka 's previous position in the South Asian community .
an integral part of these [aims/goals] is the restoration of sri lanka 's previous position in the south asian community .

Bob Wierdsma of Peterborough , Ontario , invites cartoonists to submit copies of their work for publication , along with a short description of the context of their work , their hopes and objectives .
bob wierdsma of peterborough , ontario , invites cartoonists to submit copies of their work for publication , along with a short description of the context of their work , their hopes and [aims/goals] .

studying ways of influencing media objectives , goals , and practices so that they could become more democratic and responsive to our peoples ' aspirations ;
studying ways of influencing media [aims/goals] , goals , and practices so that they could become more democratic and responsive to our peoples ' aspirations ;

Similarly , the objectives of judicial controls over the terms of contracts in the name of fairness and reasonableness have received illuminating philosophical examination .
similarly , the [aims/goals] of judicial controls over the terms of contracts in the name of fairness and reasonableness have received illuminating philosophical examination .

For the corporate executives could be viewed ( as their name suggests ) as executives implementing the broad objectives set by the directors as the legislature .
for the corporate executives could be viewed ( as their name suggests ) as executives implementing the broad [aims/goals] set by the directors as the legislature .

Apart from the fact that this ignores the possibility that shareholders may have other objectives in investing ( such as opposing investment in countries practising apartheid , or opposing the manufacture of armaments or cigarettes , etc . )
apart from the fact that this ignores the possibility that shareholders may have other [aims/goals] in investing ( such as opposing investment in countries practising apartheid , or opposing the manufacture of armaments or cigarettes , etc . )

If the mens rea principle and the principle of proof are objectives worthy of a rational and humane system of criminal law they ought to be used critically to assess the achievement of the total system rather than circularly to select an acceptable portion of the criminal law .
if the mens rea principle and the principle of proof are [aims/goals] worthy of a rational and humane system of criminal law they ought to be used critically to assess the achievement of the total system rather than circularly to select an acceptable portion of the criminal law .

Other objectives include : sensitising editors of Christian magazines about fundamental issues such as human rights , social change , and justice and peace ; exploring new participatory ways of communicating the Christian message that would lead to both spiritual renewal and social transformation ; promoting the ecumenical objectives and priorities for inter-church and inter-religious understanding in the Middle East .
other [aims/goals] include : sensitising editors of christian magazines about fundamental issues such as human rights , social change , and justice and peace ; exploring new participatory ways of communicating the christian message that would lead to both spiritual renewal and social transformation ; promoting the ecumenical [aims/goals] and priorities for inter-church and inter-religious understanding in the middle east .

Radio and television are national institutions of mass communication whose reach and influence are enormous ; so is their potential to promote national objectives .
radio and television are national institutions of mass communication whose reach and influence are enormous ; so is their potential to promote national [aims/goals] .

The catalogue gives details of the 38 exhibitors , including their addresses and brief descriptions of the work and objectives of each organisation or film/video production house .
the catalogue gives details of the 38 exhibitors , including their addresses and brief descriptions of the work and [aims/goals] of each organisation or film/video production house .

Deriving objectives from goals
deriving [aims/goals] from goals

Selecting activities for the achievement of objectives
selecting activities for the achievement of [aims/goals]

Deriving Objectives from Goals
deriving [aims/goals] from goals

Once you have analyzed and redefined your list of goals , you are ready to derive a set of objectives for each of your goals .
once you have analyzed and redefined your list of goals , you are ready to derive a set of [aims/goals] for each of your goals .

Objectives are specific , concrete outcomes , that further your progress towards a goal .
[aims/goals] are specific , concrete outcomes , that further your progress towards a goal .

Objectives perform an important function .
[aims/goals] perform an important function .

Selecting Activities for the Achievement of Objectives
selecting activities for the achievement of [aims/goals]

Once you have clear precise objectives you will be ready to select activities for the achievement of each objective .
once you have clear precise [aims/goals] you will be ready to select activities for the achievement of each objective .

Well stated objectives often suggest the activity necessary to accomplish them .
well stated [aims/goals] often suggest the activity necessary to accomplish them .

Activities are the specific behaviour that leads towards achieving objectives .
activities are the specific behaviour that leads towards achieving [aims/goals] .

The overall goal of ‘ increasing social contacts ’ , just like ‘ having more money ’ , can be broken down into specific objectives and activities .
the overall goal of ‘ increasing social contacts ’ , just like ‘ having more money ’ , can be broken down into specific [aims/goals] and activities .

Individuals decide on own goals , objectives , achievements .
individuals decide on own goals , [aims/goals] , achievements .

It helps if in the assessment interview , the client can delineate specific objectives and targets to achieve ; this gives some indicator of clients ' motivation and a target to aim for .
it helps if in the assessment interview , the client can delineate specific [aims/goals] and targets to achieve ; this gives some indicator of clients ' motivation and a target to aim for .

Member States would normally be given eighteen months within which to incorporate the directive objectives into their domestic laws , but it may well be that in this case a shorter period is specified .
member states would normally be given eighteen months within which to incorporate the directive [aims/goals] into their domestic laws , but it may well be that in this case a shorter period is specified .

Every research study needs to be assessed on the criterion of whether it measures up to its own stated objectives .
every research study needs to be assessed on the criterion of whether it measures up to its own stated [aims/goals] .

Other objectives include : sensitising editors of Christian magazines about fundamental issues such as human rights , social change , and justice and peace ; exploring new participatory ways of communicating the Christian message that would lead to both spiritual renewal and social transformation ; promoting the ecumenical objectives and priorities for inter-church and inter-religious understanding in the Middle East .
other [aims/goals] include : sensitising editors of christian magazines about fundamental issues such as human rights , social change , and justice and peace ; exploring new participatory ways of communicating the christian message that would lead to both spiritual renewal and social transformation ; promoting the ecumenical [aims/goals] and priorities for inter-church and inter-religious understanding in the middle east .

Radio and television are national institutions of mass communication whose reach and influence are enormous ; so is their potential to promote national objectives .
radio and television are national institutions of mass communication whose reach and influence are enormous ; so is their potential to promote national [aims/goals] .

The catalogue gives details of the 38 exhibitors , including their addresses and brief descriptions of the work and objectives of each organisation or film/video production house .
the catalogue gives details of the 38 exhibitors , including their addresses and brief descriptions of the work and [aims/goals] of each organisation or film/video production house .

It is far better to plan a media relations programme within the framework of your organisation 's objectives as whole .
it is far better to plan a media relations programme within the framework of your organisation 's [aims/goals] as whole .

The first step is to define and analyse the problems and then to set objectives to be achieved .
the first step is to define and analyse the problems and then to set [aims/goals] to be achieved .

Ideally objectives should be measurable and they should be achievable .
ideally [aims/goals] should be measurable and they should be achievable .

If you set unobtainable objectives you will be seen to have failed even if you do a wonderful job .
if you set unobtainable [aims/goals] you will be seen to have failed even if you do a wonderful job .

To some extent this is also true if the objectives are not measurable .
to some extent this is also true if the [aims/goals] are not measurable .

Whatever you do , do not try to link your objectives to sales .
whatever you do , do not try to link your [aims/goals] to sales .

2 Start by defining and analysing problem areas and set communication objectives to be achieved .
2 start by defining and analysing problem areas and set communication [aims/goals] to be achieved .

Depending on the particular objectives of the public relations programme , these audiences may include potential or existing customers , creditors and shareholders , schools or other educational bodies , employees , local residents , government and other authorities and non-formers in the appropriate fields .
depending on the particular [aims/goals] of the public relations programme , these audiences may include potential or existing customers , creditors and shareholders , schools or other educational bodies , employees , local residents , government and other authorities and non-formers in the appropriate fields .

Each of these activities offers a newsworthy vehicle for furthering your objectives vis-a-vis your various target audiences .
each of these activities offers a newsworthy vehicle for furthering your [aims/goals] vis-a-vis your various target audiences .

1 Define objectives , target audiences and activities for which a media list will be used .
1 define [aims/goals] , target audiences and activities for which a media list will be used .

To achieve the list of objectives set you will need to be in constant contact with the leading publications in your field and in occasional contact with all the other publications which might be useful .
to achieve the list of [aims/goals] set you will need to be in constant contact with the leading publications in your field and in occasional contact with all the other publications which might be useful .

2 Look at this list in terms of the relevant media and make a list of objectives to achieve within the period .
2 look at this list in terms of the relevant media and make a list of [aims/goals] to achieve within the period .

Effectiveness , by contrast , is not about relative performance but about achieving pre-set targets or objectives .
effectiveness , by contrast , is not about relative performance but about achieving pre-set targets or [aims/goals] .

Effective study implies some deeper reflection about overall educational objectives as well as the structure and content of human learning .
effective study implies some deeper reflection about overall educational [aims/goals] as well as the structure and content of human learning .

Think clearly about your objectives : what precisely do you want to do ?
think clearly about your [aims/goals] : what precisely do you want to do ?

Write down your objectives , it helps you concentrate .
write down your [aims/goals] , it helps you concentrate .

Having clarified your objectives , and provided yourself with the necessary resources , make a start .
having clarified your [aims/goals] , and provided yourself with the necessary resources , make a start .

Identify your problem area and define your objectives briefly and coherently in written form .
identify your problem area and define your [aims/goals] briefly and coherently in written form .

Because `` utility maximizing `` objectives can be imputed to government or regulators , almost anything can fit with it .
because `` utility maximizing `` [aims/goals] can be imputed to government or regulators , almost anything can fit with it .

Because there are differences in objectives between state-owned and state-regulated concerns , and also because the actual objectives and constraints have evolved in different ways , the two cases will be discussed in separate chapters .
because there are differences in [aims/goals] between state-owned and state-regulated concerns , and also because the actual [aims/goals] and constraints have evolved in different ways , the two cases will be discussed in separate chapters .

Having made this point , we can move on to examine the objectives and constraints associated with such enterprises .
having made this point , we can move on to examine the [aims/goals] and constraints associated with such enterprises .

4.2 Marginal cost pricing and other objectives
4.2 marginal cost pricing and other [aims/goals]

4.3 Modelling the constraints and objectives
4.3 modelling the constraints and [aims/goals]

We need to consider more carefully what they might have as their objectives .
we need to consider more carefully what they might have as their [aims/goals] .

Both objectives require the application of higher level knowledge to identify inconsistencies at individual levels , so it is possible that techniques developed for recognition applications could contribute to the development of text understanding systems .
both [aims/goals] require the application of higher level knowledge to identify inconsistencies at individual levels , so it is possible that techniques developed for recognition applications could contribute to the development of text understanding systems .

The nature , aims and objectives of such an Association would therefore need to be carefully thought through , and its formal relationship to Convocation as a statutory body be clearly and unequivocally defined .
the nature , aims and [aims/goals] of such an association would therefore need to be carefully thought through , and its formal relationship to convocation as a statutory body be clearly and unequivocally defined .

Without the original bill we can not be certain of the government 's objectives ; but on balance it seems unlikely that it wished to replace statutory legislation by proclamation .
without the original bill we can not be certain of the government 's [aims/goals] ; but on balance it seems unlikely that it wished to replace statutory legislation by proclamation .

Norfolk paid £4,000 in 1588 on fortifications , coat-and-conduct money , ammunition , and other military objectives .
norfolk paid £4,000 in 1588 on fortifications , coat-and-conduct money , ammunition , and other military [aims/goals] .

Occupation policy had two stated objectives : demilitarization and democratization .
occupation policy had two stated [aims/goals] : demilitarization and democratization .

They do not set themselves objectives to achieve .
they do not set themselves [aims/goals] to achieve .

Priorities and objectives
priorities and [aims/goals]

Weber was a student of social organisations and was interested in how organisations could direct the individuals in them towards given objectives .
weber was a student of social organisations and was interested in how organisations could direct the individuals in them towards given [aims/goals] .

There are usually shared objectives in the meeting — at least that the problem should be solved .
there are usually shared [aims/goals] in the meeting — at least that the problem should be solved .

In such a meeting the two sides usually have different objectives .
in such a meeting the two sides usually have different [aims/goals] .

The manager specifies the objectives .
the manager specifies the [aims/goals] .

The objectives will be personal to the individual members .
the [aims/goals] will be personal to the individual members .

We have described how meetings can have a variety of objectives and be used for a number of tasks , and we have described the procedures which normally govern the operation of formal meetings .
we have described how meetings can have a variety of [aims/goals] and be used for a number of tasks , and we have described the procedures which normally govern the operation of formal meetings .

The harmonization of laws affecting domestic transactions in member States has an effect on international transactions in that within the field covered by the harmonizing measures these obviate the need to resort to conflict of laws rules and thus achieve one of the objectives of a Convention regulating international transactions .
the harmonization of laws affecting domestic transactions in member states has an effect on international transactions in that within the field covered by the harmonizing measures these obviate the need to resort to conflict of laws rules and thus achieve one of the [aims/goals] of a convention regulating international transactions .

Questions of scope of subject-matter are not , of course , determined purely by feasibility ; the scope of a project is also limited by its fundamental objectives .
questions of scope of subject-matter are not , of course , determined purely by feasibility ; the scope of a project is also limited by its fundamental [aims/goals] .

Given the objectives of the Community and the fact that the Single European Market will constitute the most powerful trading bloc in the world , there is little point in extending conventional law into this field .
given the [aims/goals] of the community and the fact that the single european market will constitute the most powerful trading bloc in the world , there is little point in extending conventional law into this field .

Constructive ideals of training and rehabilitation were translated into penal policies that appeared to be meeting their objectives .
constructive ideals of training and rehabilitation were translated into penal policies that appeared to be meeting their [aims/goals] .

Following a general election in March 1966 which confirmed Labour in power for another Parliament , three main policy objectives engaged the Home Secretary .
following a general election in march 1966 which confirmed labour in power for another parliament , three main policy [aims/goals] engaged the home secretary .

Unlike the economic and social controversies which dominated the election campaigns of the period , and the policy-making preliminaries which preceded them , in penal matters the underlying objectives were accepted by each of the two main parties .
unlike the economic and social controversies which dominated the election campaigns of the period , and the policy-making preliminaries which preceded them , in penal matters the underlying [aims/goals] were accepted by each of the two main parties .

When this happened , as it did with parole and financial compensation for criminal injuries , the seedbed was usually found in ‘ the surrounding world of penal thought ’ , rather than in any party political objectives .
when this happened , as it did with parole and financial compensation for criminal injuries , the seedbed was usually found in ‘ the surrounding world of penal thought ’ , rather than in any party political [aims/goals] .

… not particularly comforting , since many of the goals which we as a nation set ourselves , the policies which we pursue and the material objectives to which we attach importance tend to increase rather than to diminish the incidence of crime .
… not particularly comforting , since many of the goals which we as a nation set ourselves , the policies which we pursue and the material [aims/goals] to which we attach importance tend to increase rather than to diminish the incidence of crime .

The motivation behind the Criminal Justice Act 1972 lay in the desire of Ministers to be seen to be taking action in the field of criminal justice without any ideologically dominant objectives to fuel the legislation .
the motivation behind the criminal justice act 1972 lay in the desire of ministers to be seen to be taking action in the field of criminal justice without any ideologically dominant [aims/goals] to fuel the legislation .

direct aids only where essential to bring about specific objectives ; and
direct aids only where essential to bring about specific [aims/goals] ; and

The grinding together of internationally mobile capital and intellectual resources against immobile labour has produced acute dilemmas for choosing policy and reconciling conflicting objectives .
the grinding together of internationally mobile capital and intellectual resources against immobile labour has produced acute dilemmas for choosing policy and reconciling conflicting [aims/goals] .

Because SOEs were created for multiple reasons , most faced conflicting pressures from various constituencies and could not reconcile multiple , and conflicting , objectives .
because soes were created for multiple reasons , most faced conflicting pressures from various constituencies and could not reconcile multiple , and conflicting , [aims/goals] .

At best , it merely clarifies some aspects of the processes by which parties with different , even mutually conflicting , objectives manage to reach agreement both can live with .
at best , it merely clarifies some aspects of the processes by which parties with different , even mutually conflicting , [aims/goals] manage to reach agreement both can live with .

Our stated objectives are :
our stated [aims/goals] are :

Let us start with the objectives .
let us start with the [aims/goals] .

In bad organizations the objectives are decided unilaterally , very often as a result of a political trading-off process at the board and at other levels , and are perceived by those below to be quite unrealistic and impossible of achievement .
in bad organizations the [aims/goals] are decided unilaterally , very often as a result of a political trading-off process at the board and at other levels , and are perceived by those below to be quite unrealistic and impossible of achievement .

In a good organization the objectives that have to be achieved are decided with considerable interaction between those who are going to carry them out , and those who ultimately have the responsibility for the leadership of the enterprise .
in a good organization the [aims/goals] that have to be achieved are decided with considerable interaction between those who are going to carry them out , and those who ultimately have the responsibility for the leadership of the enterprise .

This does not mean that the objectives have to be liked .
this does not mean that the [aims/goals] have to be liked .

Since the objectives themselves are unreal and unclear , and since there are so many people at every level , multiple messages come down the line the whole time .
since the [aims/goals] themselves are unreal and unclear , and since there are so many people at every level , multiple messages come down the line the whole time .

It means shaving away constantly at the sort of multiple objectives which we normally like to set ourselves , until one reaches an absolutely clear message of a mission and role .
it means shaving away constantly at the sort of multiple [aims/goals] which we normally like to set ourselves , until one reaches an absolutely clear message of a mission and role .

You owe it to yourself and to your family to move on elsewhere if you are not satisfied that the objectives are worthwhile or if the prospects are insufficiently good .
you owe it to yourself and to your family to move on elsewhere if you are not satisfied that the [aims/goals] are worthwhile or if the prospects are insufficiently good .

At first glance , these various theories appear strikingly different in terms of their methods and objectives .
at first glance , these various theories appear strikingly different in terms of their methods and [aims/goals] .

But , more important than their differences for our purposes is the fact that these movements shared many basic principles and common objectives .
but , more important than their differences for our purposes is the fact that these movements shared many basic principles and common [aims/goals] .

Since law should be viewed basically as an instrument for realizing certain practical objectives many felt that a genuine scientific study of law must examine its functioning through the experimental methods of the social sciences .
since law should be viewed basically as an instrument for realizing certain practical [aims/goals] many felt that a genuine scientific study of law must examine its functioning through the experimental methods of the social sciences .

These purposes are those most readily associated with the objectives of the positive state which emerged towards the end of the nineteenth century and which are summed up in the idea of government as institution which promotes progressive evolutionary change .
these purposes are those most readily associated with the [aims/goals] of the positive state which emerged towards the end of the nineteenth century and which are summed up in the idea of government as institution which promotes progressive evolutionary change .

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

Suppliers are expected to propose one or more strategies which will achieve the objectives described in this document .
suppliers are expected to propose one or more strategies which will achieve the [aims/goals] described in this document .

Steps to the Achievement of the Objectives
steps to the achievement of the [aims/goals]

It is envisaged that the main objectives will be achieved by way of the following two main steps :
it is envisaged that the main [aims/goals] will be achieved by way of the following two main steps :

Suppliers are asked to propose a timetable for achieving the following objectives :
suppliers are asked to propose a timetable for achieving the following [aims/goals] :

Conflicts between the aspirations of individuals and the objectives of organizations have been well documented .
conflicts between the aspirations of individuals and the [aims/goals] of organizations have been well documented .

The most significant impact a manager can have on motivation and performance is to design reward systems which satisfy individuals and the objectives of the organization .
the most significant impact a manager can have on motivation and performance is to design reward systems which satisfy individuals and the [aims/goals] of the organization .

An organization is an identifiable social entity whose members pursue multiple and shared objectives through their consciously and continuously coordinated actions and relations . Hence , an organization is characterized by :
an organization is an identifiable social entity whose members pursue multiple and shared [aims/goals] through their consciously and continuously coordinated actions and relations . hence , an organization is characterized by :

Common objectives
common [aims/goals]

Within hours , the new recruit may have agreed , explicitly or implicitly , to objectives , tasks to be performed , hours of work , codes of behaviour , boss-subordinate relationships , work territory , and so on , all in exchange for specified rewards , usually monetary , and unspecified promises , such as promotion .
within hours , the new recruit may have agreed , explicitly or implicitly , to [aims/goals] , tasks to be performed , hours of work , codes of behaviour , boss-subordinate relationships , work territory , and so on , all in exchange for specified rewards , usually monetary , and unspecified promises , such as promotion .

Persuasion uses power bases ( expertise , charm , skills ) overtly ; the method and the objectives are clear to all .
persuasion uses power bases ( expertise , charm , skills ) overtly ; the method and the [aims/goals] are clear to all .

Centrality How central is the position or function to the objectives of the firm ? How well networked into the whole firm ? How persuasive ; how immediate ?
centrality how central is the position or function to the [aims/goals] of the firm ? how well networked into the whole firm ? how persuasive ; how immediate ?

Further , the most powerful individuals or groups or functions are usually the most important in achieving the organization 's objectives .
further , the most powerful individuals or groups or functions are usually the most important in achieving the organization 's [aims/goals] .

Less reliance on power bases is found in managers who have the tactical and interpersonal skills to concentrate on the essential objectives .
less reliance on power bases is found in managers who have the tactical and interpersonal skills to concentrate on the essential [aims/goals] .

The attractiveness of the group to its members , in terms of objectives , satisfactions and productivity .
the attractiveness of the group to its members , in terms of [aims/goals] , satisfactions and productivity .

Members of informal groups in work organizations usually have vague group objectives , and are less cohesive and behave erratically .
members of informal groups in work organizations usually have vague group [aims/goals] , and are less cohesive and behave erratically .

Subvert the objectives in favour of sub-goals .
subvert the [aims/goals] in favour of sub-goals .

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

The new agenda of the Health of the Nation may result in commissioning authorities adopting inappropriate or unattainable local objectives unless research evidence is applied .
the new agenda of the health of the nation may result in commissioning authorities adopting inappropriate or unattainable local [aims/goals] unless research evidence is applied .

The principal purpose of this book is to examine Ronald Reagan 's efforts to deal with these problems ; to examine the techniques he and his staff used as they sought to break free from the ties that bound them ; and to assess how successful Reagan was in mastering the system of government and in achieving his policy objectives .
the principal purpose of this book is to examine ronald reagan 's efforts to deal with these problems ; to examine the techniques he and his staff used as they sought to break free from the ties that bound them ; and to assess how successful reagan was in mastering the system of government and in achieving his policy [aims/goals] .

Members of congress , senior bureaucrats and other leaders share power with the president ; they do not hold their jobs at his discretion and the fulfilment of their career objectives does not lie in his hands alone .
members of congress , senior bureaucrats and other leaders share power with the president ; they do not hold their jobs at his discretion and the fulfilment of their career [aims/goals] does not lie in his hands alone .

It revealed a chief executive who lacked a clear sense of direction , who compromised too early and too readily , and was insufficiently determined in pursuit of his objectives .
it revealed a chief executive who lacked a clear sense of direction , who compromised too early and too readily , and was insufficiently determined in pursuit of his [aims/goals] .

Major reform of the welfare system was one of Carter 's most important objectives , but that too fell by the wayside .
major reform of the welfare system was one of carter 's most important [aims/goals] , but that too fell by the wayside .

After long and difficult negotiations a ‘ classical political compromise ’ was reached which allowed Reagan to meet one of his main objectives , a narrowing of the criteria for receiving welfare .
after long and difficult negotiations a ‘ classical political compromise ’ was reached which allowed reagan to meet one of his main [aims/goals] , a narrowing of the criteria for receiving welfare .

His principal objectives as expressed in the 1980 campaign , were to reduce the size and role of the government , to revive the economy and to strengthen the nation 's defences .
his principal [aims/goals] as expressed in the 1980 campaign , were to reduce the size and role of the government , to revive the economy and to strengthen the nation 's defences .

Looked at from a White House perspective , it is clear that if a president is to be effective in achieving his objectives he needs unity and discipline within the executive branch .
looked at from a white house perspective , it is clear that if a president is to be effective in achieving his [aims/goals] he needs unity and discipline within the executive branch .

They recognized that some of their objectives could be reached by administrative action without running the gauntlet of the legislative process .
they recognized that some of their [aims/goals] could be reached by administrative action without running the gauntlet of the legislative process .

Irrespective of whether Reagan 's economic policy was correct or not , or whether it achieved the objectives sought , the fact that the policy was put into place at all is remarkable in itself .
irrespective of whether reagan 's economic policy was correct or not , or whether it achieved the [aims/goals] sought , the fact that the policy was put into place at all is remarkable in itself .

Opinion : ‘ Nuclear objectives proved inherently more difficult to achieve … ‘
opinion : ‘ nuclear [aims/goals] proved inherently more difficult to achieve … ‘

An international review of evaluated programmes published in 1978 concluded that most of these early programmes failed to influence smoking behaviour ( although several had achieved educational objectives such as improving knowledge and understanding of the relation between smoking and disease ) .
an international review of evaluated programmes published in 1978 concluded that most of these early programmes failed to influence smoking behaviour ( although several had achieved educational [aims/goals] such as improving knowledge and understanding of the relation between smoking and disease ) .

Questions designed to evaluate the educational objectives of the projects were derived from other studies assessing self esteem and locus of control .
questions designed to evaluate the educational [aims/goals] of the projects were derived from other studies assessing self esteem and locus of control .

Some small differences in the achievement of educational objectives were observed , but our results suggest that two of the best school smoking education projects in Britain have not achieved better results than non-specific population wide approaches .
some small differences in the achievement of educational [aims/goals] were observed , but our results suggest that two of the best school smoking education projects in britain have not achieved better results than non-specific population wide approaches .

Among other things it suggested that teachers should be assessed on the clarity of their teaching objectives ; the quality of their notes , handouts , and visual aids ; qualitative assessments of their performance in lecturing , fieldwork , etc ; the volume and range of teaching they undertake ; the range of assessment techniques they use ; managerial responsibilities and innovative approaches that they take on ; and the number of invitations they receive as guest lecturers and speakers elsewhere .
among other things it suggested that teachers should be assessed on the clarity of their teaching [aims/goals] ; the quality of their notes , handouts , and visual aids ; qualitative assessments of their performance in lecturing , fieldwork , etc ; the volume and range of teaching they undertake ; the range of assessment techniques they use ; managerial responsibilities and innovative approaches that they take on ; and the number of invitations they receive as guest lecturers and speakers elsewhere .

Information is also collected about the quality of teaching received , and although this has not yet been formally used in allocating money , one department did have part of its grant withheld for several months until it introduced clear teaching objectives .
information is also collected about the quality of teaching received , and although this has not yet been formally used in allocating money , one department did have part of its grant withheld for several months until it introduced clear teaching [aims/goals] .

In the open acknowledgement of group interdependence , conformity to group objectives is based on respect for , and loyalty to , the leadership provided by senior members .
in the open acknowledgement of group interdependence , conformity to group [aims/goals] is based on respect for , and loyalty to , the leadership provided by senior members .

In the debate about uniqueness , a growing minority of writers have raised many problems about the way the connections between collectivism and social conformity vastly understate the importance of social conflict and overstate the level of voluntary conformity to group or national objectives in Japan .
in the debate about uniqueness , a growing minority of writers have raised many problems about the way the connections between collectivism and social conformity vastly understate the importance of social conflict and overstate the level of voluntary conformity to group or national [aims/goals] in japan .

Even anti-Marxist political parties were constrained by the need to frame their objectives in terms consistent with the need to prove loyalty and commitment to the nation as the ultimate expression of collective cohesion .
even anti-marxist political parties were constrained by the need to frame their [aims/goals] in terms consistent with the need to prove loyalty and commitment to the nation as the ultimate expression of collective cohesion .

Even before the ink was dry on the main elements of reform , ‘ there is no doubt that the relative emphasis and priority accorded to democratization appreciably diminished from late 1947 onward or that this was regarded as a betrayal or serious dilution of earlier objectives ’ ( Ward 1968 p.503 ) . What was the significance of this reversal for the democratization of Japanese collectivism ?
even before the ink was dry on the main elements of reform , ‘ there is no doubt that the relative emphasis and priority accorded to democratization appreciably diminished from late 1947 onward or that this was regarded as a betrayal or serious dilution of earlier [aims/goals] ’ ( ward 1968 p.503 ) . what was the significance of this reversal for the democratization of japanese collectivism ?

Voluntary cooperation and consensus formation is not simply a matter of agreeing national objectives , it relates to the display of consensus in everyday activities .
voluntary cooperation and consensus formation is not simply a matter of agreeing national [aims/goals] , it relates to the display of consensus in everyday activities .

Sales maximization and market share objectives are said to be preferred in Japan to short-term profits , although the two strategies are not necessarily mutually exclusive .
sales maximization and market share [aims/goals] are said to be preferred in japan to short-term profits , although the two strategies are not necessarily mutually exclusive .

What really influences the incidence of rescue operations is partly the extent of danger to related companies , but also the degree of previous cooperation with group objectives which incur debts of gratitude for past favours .
what really influences the incidence of rescue operations is partly the extent of danger to related companies , but also the degree of previous cooperation with group [aims/goals] which incur debts of gratitude for past favours .

The objectives of the system are :
the [aims/goals] of the system are :

The program designer takes charge of the production of the computer program for the unit which must achieve a presentation that allows the educational objectives to be reached .
the program designer takes charge of the production of the computer program for the unit which must achieve a presentation that allows the educational [aims/goals] to be reached .

Chapter 2 should help him keep a firm eye on the educational objectives at a time when the technical challenge will tend to dominate his thoughts .
chapter 2 should help him keep a firm eye on the educational [aims/goals] at a time when the technical challenge will tend to dominate his thoughts .

It may also help to set out some educational objectives against which the ideas will be tested ; these will channel the search into the area of interest .
it may also help to set out some educational [aims/goals] against which the ideas will be tested ; these will channel the search into the area of interest .

These objectives will vary from one designer to another and you will need to decide for yourself what your own priorities are .
these [aims/goals] will vary from one designer to another and you will need to decide for yourself what your own priorities are .

For example , suppose you are clear that you are trying : — to introduce teachers of English in secondary schools to the microcomputer and show them its potential as an aid to their teaching objectives , and — to produce a teaching unit that will generate a great deal of hypothesising and discussion amongst the children .
for example , suppose you are clear that you are trying : — to introduce teachers of english in secondary schools to the microcomputer and show them its potential as an aid to their teaching [aims/goals] , and — to produce a teaching unit that will generate a great deal of hypothesising and discussion amongst the children .

It may be best to try to specify the teaching objectives in behavioural terms — planning the thoughts and particularly the activities that you envisage for the pupils and the teacher .
it may be best to try to specify the teaching [aims/goals] in behavioural terms — planning the thoughts and particularly the activities that you envisage for the pupils and the teacher .

Concentrating on objectives for pupil activity will lead to the selection of different ideas and to units which surprise by what they leave out .
concentrating on [aims/goals] for pupil activity will lead to the selection of different ideas and to units which surprise by what they leave out .

Again , there is a danger that pleasure in exploiting this new tool may cause the designer to lose sight of the educational objectives of the program .
again , there is a danger that pleasure in exploiting this new tool may cause the designer to lose sight of the educational [aims/goals] of the program .

This is normally accompanied by the equally widespread concentration on the factual content or the basic manipulative skills in the material and the associated neglect of the higher-level objectives that were probably the author 's main motivation in developing it in the first place .
this is normally accompanied by the equally widespread concentration on the factual content or the basic manipulative skills in the material and the associated neglect of the higher-level [aims/goals] that were probably the author 's main motivation in developing it in the first place .

The aims and potential objectives of the teaching unit will be built into the teaching material , the computer program being a part of this material , and their successful realization by a wide range of teachers will depend crucially on the driving system of the program and the image of the unit that it presents to the user .
the aims and potential [aims/goals] of the teaching unit will be built into the teaching material , the computer program being a part of this material , and their successful realization by a wide range of teachers will depend crucially on the driving system of the program and the image of the unit that it presents to the user .

In order to start drawing useful inferences leading to sensible modifications of the material , we should also keep in mind these points : ( a ) the observer must thoroughly understand the curriculum designer 's aims and objectives and report in relation to these ( b ) it is necessary for the observer to understand how the teacher has interpreted these intentions ( c ) the curriculum designer must thoroughly understand the facts that the observer has brought back to him ; the dialogue that this implies can produce valuable suggestions for improving the unit ( d ) teachers of differing style must be observed and teachers at differing levels of acclimatization to the program must be observed to obtain full data ( e ) it is also important for the observer to understand which stage of development the unit has reached .
in order to start drawing useful inferences leading to sensible modifications of the material , we should also keep in mind these points : ( a ) the observer must thoroughly understand the curriculum designer 's aims and [aims/goals] and report in relation to these ( b ) it is necessary for the observer to understand how the teacher has interpreted these intentions ( c ) the curriculum designer must thoroughly understand the facts that the observer has brought back to him ; the dialogue that this implies can produce valuable suggestions for improving the unit ( d ) teachers of differing style must be observed and teachers at differing levels of acclimatization to the program must be observed to obtain full data ( e ) it is also important for the observer to understand which stage of development the unit has reached .

( a ) a general introduction to the topic or concept that the teaching unit is concerned with and a brief description of its potential ( b ) very clear instructions on how to drive the program , usually including a key-by-key sequence to introduce the user to it and a clear description of the full range of possibilities that it offers ( c ) a description of some of the ways teachers have used the unit ( d ) discussion of its educational objectives and suggestions for further use ( e ) references to educational material that would provide support for this topic or concept ( f ) a full annotated program listing with specifications of the different computer systems that would support the software .
( a ) a general introduction to the topic or concept that the teaching unit is concerned with and a brief description of its potential ( b ) very clear instructions on how to drive the program , usually including a key-by-key sequence to introduce the user to it and a clear description of the full range of possibilities that it offers ( c ) a description of some of the ways teachers have used the unit ( d ) discussion of its educational [aims/goals] and suggestions for further use ( e ) references to educational material that would provide support for this topic or concept ( f ) a full annotated program listing with specifications of the different computer systems that would support the software .

These are : 1 detailed specification of assessment tasks ; 2 careful specification of learning objectives , derived from the subject matter and teaching strategies which involve choices about the subject matter to be taught and assessed ; 3 a sequence of tasks generally representing some kind of progression .
these are : 1 detailed specification of assessment tasks ; 2 careful specification of learning [aims/goals] , derived from the subject matter and teaching strategies which involve choices about the subject matter to be taught and assessed ; 3 a sequence of tasks generally representing some kind of progression .

It is a formulation of the objectives of an assessment scheme , classifying what is to be assessed and possibly how the assessment is to be carried out — or at least the constraints within which choices of assessment method is permitted .
it is a formulation of the [aims/goals] of an assessment scheme , classifying what is to be assessed and possibly how the assessment is to be carried out — or at least the constraints within which choices of assessment method is permitted .

The classification may be an organizational one , arranging detailed criteria into lists , or it may represent some kind of conceptual hierarchy of increasingly higher order objectives .
the classification may be an organizational one , arranging detailed criteria into lists , or it may represent some kind of conceptual hierarchy of increasingly higher order [aims/goals] .

Another reason for norm-referenced tests not providing a description of what a pupil knows and can do is the lack of clear specification of learning objectives , at least as far as the formulation of pupil performance on the test is concerned .
another reason for norm-referenced tests not providing a description of what a pupil knows and can do is the lack of clear specification of learning [aims/goals] , at least as far as the formulation of pupil performance on the test is concerned .

In criterion-referenced assessment particular attention is paid to the setting of intended learning outcomes or teaching objectives .
in criterion-referenced assessment particular attention is paid to the setting of intended learning outcomes or teaching [aims/goals] .

Criterion descriptions may be regarded as setting curriculum objectives , as describing the performance of those attaining the objectives , and as specifications for test items or assessment situations .
criterion descriptions may be regarded as setting curriculum [aims/goals] , as describing the performance of those attaining the [aims/goals] , and as specifications for test items or assessment situations .

The process used to derive criteria commenced with a general view of the learning objectives to be focused upon .
the process used to derive criteria commenced with a general view of the learning [aims/goals] to be focused upon .

The criteria refer to learning objectives for this topic and a separation is made where the task requirements differ .
the criteria refer to learning [aims/goals] for this topic and a separation is made where the task requirements differ .

The idea of mastery learning involves a clear statement of objectives which pupils can reach in small learning steps — a legacy from the programmed instruction movement .
the idea of mastery learning involves a clear statement of [aims/goals] which pupils can reach in small learning steps — a legacy from the programmed instruction movement .

The problems of criterion referencing are considerable in relation to the benefits claimed : a structuring of the learning environment for pupils ; a focusing on objectives for teachers ; providing more information about what pupils know and can do .
the problems of criterion referencing are considerable in relation to the benefits claimed : a structuring of the learning environment for pupils ; a focusing on [aims/goals] for teachers ; providing more information about what pupils know and can do .

Specifically the committees have the following functions : ( a ) To examine the estimates put forward by the department in question , to examine the policy objectives underlying these and consider whether the expenditure incurred would achieve these objectives in an economical manner .
specifically the committees have the following functions : ( a ) to examine the estimates put forward by the department in question , to examine the policy [aims/goals] underlying these and consider whether the expenditure incurred would achieve these [aims/goals] in an economical manner .

He is entitled to consider whether `` objectives have been achieved in the most economical way . ``
he is entitled to consider whether `` [aims/goals] have been achieved in the most economical way . ``

Yet the question is vital to the agency which must know the company 's resources , problems and objectives .
yet the question is vital to the agency which must know the company 's resources , problems and [aims/goals] .

In the initial stages , the researcher needs to understand the market , and the client 's position and objectives within it .
in the initial stages , the researcher needs to understand the market , and the client 's position and [aims/goals] within it .

Are the campaign objectives being achieved and , if not , why not ?
are the campaign [aims/goals] being achieved and , if not , why not ?

The strategies and tactics of the public relations service are always sharply focused and aligned to the marketing objectives when brand public relations work is done .
the strategies and tactics of the public relations service are always sharply focused and aligned to the marketing [aims/goals] when brand public relations work is done .

Finally , see that your meeting achieves the following three objectives no matter what is under discussion : Tell the client : 1 What you have achieved .
finally , see that your meeting achieves the following three [aims/goals] no matter what is under discussion : tell the client : 1 what you have achieved .

Many wards have specially designed teaching plans or objectives for students or your tutor may suggest objectives .
many wards have specially designed teaching plans or [aims/goals] for students or your tutor may suggest [aims/goals] .

Not surprisingly , this picture reflected the patchiness of provision and the lack of integration of resources with educational objectives noted in such recent national surveys as Aspects of Secondary Education , ( 1979 ) .
not surprisingly , this picture reflected the patchiness of provision and the lack of integration of resources with educational [aims/goals] noted in such recent national surveys as aspects of secondary education , ( 1979 ) .

Guided by the general aim of the project , these arrangements were directed towards the attainment of a number of objectives which the report summarises as follows :
guided by the general aim of the project , these arrangements were directed towards the attainment of a number of [aims/goals] which the report summarises as follows :

To encourage schools to define their objectives for the school library in terms of the curriculum and the educational benefit anticipated for their pupils , including the development of reading and learning skills .
to encourage schools to define their [aims/goals] for the school library in terms of the curriculum and the educational benefit anticipated for their pupils , including the development of reading and learning skills .

To provide a stimulus for schools to make the best possible use of all the available learning resources inside and outside the school — money , people , space , equipment and learning materials — in meeting their objectives .
to provide a stimulus for schools to make the best possible use of all the available learning resources inside and outside the school — money , people , space , equipment and learning materials — in meeting their [aims/goals] .

to evaluate the effects of the Essex Secondary Schools Library Project by determining the degree to which the stated objectives of the Project are being achieved in selected schools .
to evaluate the effects of the essex secondary schools library project by determining the degree to which the stated [aims/goals] of the project are being achieved in selected schools .

( Proposal document ) These project objectives were set out in the first project report ( Taylor , 1983 ) and are quoted in Section 2.1 .
( proposal document ) these project [aims/goals] were set out in the first project report ( taylor , 1983 ) and are quoted in section 2.1 .

Despite some variation in emphasis and detail in the light of experience , these aims and objectives remained the foci for the evaluation .
despite some variation in emphasis and detail in the light of experience , these aims and [aims/goals] remained the foci for the evaluation .

In any case , as the statement of our objectives in the last section shows , we were particularly concerned with the processes and practices by which the project was implemented and enacted .
in any case , as the statement of our [aims/goals] in the last section shows , we were particularly concerned with the processes and practices by which the project was implemented and enacted .

Thus we can list Bernstein 's ( 1971 ) collection and integrated knowledge codes , the formal traditional and informal progressive child-centred ideologies employed by Holt ( 1969 ) , Sharp and Green ( 1975 ) , Bennett ( 1976 ) and others , Williamson 's ( 1980 ) distinction between `` product `` teacher and `` process `` teacher , Esland 's ( 1971 ) psychometric and epistemological models of pedagogy and the widely accepted distinction between objectives and process models of curriculum theory ( see , for example , Stenhouse , 1975 ) .
thus we can list bernstein 's ( 1971 ) collection and integrated knowledge codes , the formal traditional and informal progressive child-centred ideologies employed by holt ( 1969 ) , sharp and green ( 1975 ) , bennett ( 1976 ) and others , williamson 's ( 1980 ) distinction between `` product `` teacher and `` process `` teacher , esland 's ( 1971 ) psychometric and epistemological models of pedagogy and the widely accepted distinction between [aims/goals] and process models of curriculum theory ( see , for example , stenhouse , 1975 ) .

In doing so , we were particularly interested in the degree to which the proposals conformed to an evolving set of guidelines , and seemed likely to accord with the stated objectives of the project .
in doing so , we were particularly interested in the degree to which the proposals conformed to an evolving set of guidelines , and seemed likely to accord with the stated [aims/goals] of the project .

( 3 ) It is difficult to determine the precise relationship between actors ' aims , objectives , philosophies or perspectives on the one hand , and their activities vis-a-vis the project on the other : did the project " work " because of receptive , supportive or innovative minds , or did the project cause the development of particular frames of mind ?
( 3 ) it is difficult to determine the precise relationship between actors ' aims , [aims/goals] , philosophies or perspectives on the one hand , and their activities vis-a-vis the project on the other : did the project " work " because of receptive , supportive or innovative minds , or did the project cause the development of particular frames of mind ?

Some Specific Objectives
some specific [aims/goals]

This demonstrates not only a continuing uncertainty about the precise objectives but also a change in emphasis away from the provision of courses towards other forms of dissemination , of which more will be said below .
this demonstrates not only a continuing uncertainty about the precise [aims/goals] but also a change in emphasis away from the provision of courses towards other forms of dissemination , of which more will be said below .

While the focus of our endeavour must necessarily be the degree to which the project has achieved its own stated objectives , the evaluators have felt free to go beyond the limits which those objectives described .
while the focus of our endeavour must necessarily be the degree to which the project has achieved its own stated [aims/goals] , the evaluators have felt free to go beyond the limits which those [aims/goals] described .

Aims and objectives
aims and [aims/goals]

Chapter 2 identified the five specific objectives of the project : 1 .
chapter 2 identified the five specific [aims/goals] of the project : 1 .

To encourage schools to define their objectives for the school library in terms of the curriculum and the educational benefit anticipated for their pupils , including the development of reading and learning skills .
to encourage schools to define their [aims/goals] for the school library in terms of the curriculum and the educational benefit anticipated for their pupils , including the development of reading and learning skills .

To provide a stimulus for schools to make the best possible use of all the available learning resources inside and outside the school money , people , space , equipment and learning materials — in meeting their objectives .
to provide a stimulus for schools to make the best possible use of all the available learning resources inside and outside the school money , people , space , equipment and learning materials — in meeting their [aims/goals] .

The rationale for these objectives lay not only in the inadequacies which were acknowledged to exist in the secondary schools surveyed , but more fundamentally in the educational philosophy which prevailed with the significant actors at that time .
the rationale for these [aims/goals] lay not only in the inadequacies which were acknowledged to exist in the secondary schools surveyed , but more fundamentally in the educational philosophy which prevailed with the significant actors at that time .

Within the stated objectives there were clearly a number of more specific targets , many of which have been noted and discussed at length throughout this report .
within the stated [aims/goals] there were clearly a number of more specific targets , many of which have been noted and discussed at length throughout this report .

They include the targets set out in the guidelines issued to project schools , more or less explicitly in the process of selecting schools , and of course , implicitly in the objectives specified in the successful proposals which schools made .
they include the targets set out in the guidelines issued to project schools , more or less explicitly in the process of selecting schools , and of course , implicitly in the [aims/goals] specified in the successful proposals which schools made .

There were , however , rather less overt objectives in some people 's minds .
there were , however , rather less overt [aims/goals] in some people 's minds .

It is in the light of these aims and objectives , both official and unofficial , that the project must now be assessed .
it is in the light of these aims and [aims/goals] , both official and unofficial , that the project must now be assessed .

The pursuit of such objectives required the establishment of appropriate structures for the coordination of the project as a whole , for the implementation of the project in each school , and for the planned provision of the inservice activities to which it was to lead .
the pursuit of such [aims/goals] required the establishment of appropriate structures for the coordination of the project as a whole , for the implementation of the project in each school , and for the planned provision of the inservice activities to which it was to lead .

It was through the work of the library committees that the first of the project 's stated objectives was most clearly achieved , and we have seen how the proposal documents embodied clearly defined objectives which did relate the development of the library to the curriculum experience of the children .
it was through the work of the library committees that the first of the project 's stated [aims/goals] was most clearly achieved , and we have seen how the proposal documents embodied clearly defined [aims/goals] which did relate the development of the library to the curriculum experience of the children .

In producing these plans , two other objectives were also at least partly achieved .
in producing these plans , two other [aims/goals] were also at least partly achieved .

Both objectives 3 and 5 were therefore to some extent achieved through the committee structure .
both [aims/goals] 3 and 5 were therefore to some extent achieved through the committee structure .

We have seen that the Coordinating Team evolved an effective mode of working and a clear understanding of its own objectives and procedures , and was characterised by a committed and business-like approach to its tasks .
we have seen that the coordinating team evolved an effective mode of working and a clear understanding of its own [aims/goals] and procedures , and was characterised by a committed and business-like approach to its tasks .

The first has to do with the tension between the need to have clear guidelines and objectives to give direction to the project , and the need to permit room for flexibility and discretion .
the first has to do with the tension between the need to have clear guidelines and [aims/goals] to give direction to the project , and the need to permit room for flexibility and discretion .

The evaluators conclude that the second of the project 's stated objectives : to improve secondary school library provision and the quality of book selection
the evaluators conclude that the second of the project 's stated [aims/goals] : to improve secondary school library provision and the quality of book selection

It is clear from the foregoing summary that the project has been successful in achieving in some measure most of the objectives it set itself .
it is clear from the foregoing summary that the project has been successful in achieving in some measure most of the [aims/goals] it set itself .

However , it is debatable whether or not those objectives can continue to be achieved in the future .
however , it is debatable whether or not those [aims/goals] can continue to be achieved in the future .

It is our conclusion that project objectives are in part being achieved through the growing interest in study skills to which the project has contributed but that the whole area of the relationship between information skills and the curriculum requires much more debate and thought both within the project and in the world of education generally .
it is our conclusion that project [aims/goals] are in part being achieved through the growing interest in study skills to which the project has contributed but that the whole area of the relationship between information skills and the curriculum requires much more debate and thought both within the project and in the world of education generally .

The strategic level concerns policy and the shaping of a `` common vision `` through clarifying system-wide objectives which will include commitments : — to increase the motivation of young people in schools and colleges so that their educational achievements are improved , and their vocational aspirations are raised .
the strategic level concerns policy and the shaping of a `` common vision `` through clarifying system-wide [aims/goals] which will include commitments : — to increase the motivation of young people in schools and colleges so that their educational achievements are improved , and their vocational aspirations are raised .

It is worth noting that the Compact will not be fulfilling all of its objectives if it does not regularly ask participating companies to contribute to a wide variety of activities in the Compact schools .
it is worth noting that the compact will not be fulfilling all of its [aims/goals] if it does not regularly ask participating companies to contribute to a wide variety of activities in the compact schools .

The pre-meeting is essential to clarify the teacher 's aims and objectives and to ensure that as far as possible these can be met .
the pre-meeting is essential to clarify the teacher 's aims and [aims/goals] and to ensure that as far as possible these can be met .

Once institutional and staff development plans have been consulted , the identification of potential secondees should become easier and the objectives of the secondment clearer .
once institutional and staff development plans have been consulted , the identification of potential secondees should become easier and the [aims/goals] of the secondment clearer .

18 . Does the Compact initiative conflict with the aims and objectives of records of achievement ?
18 . does the compact initiative conflict with the aims and [aims/goals] of records of achievement ?

Partnerships aim to improve the educational and vocational opportunities of young people by working together and understanding each other 's needs and objectives .
partnerships aim to improve the educational and vocational opportunities of young people by working together and understanding each other 's needs and [aims/goals] .

Ideology , principles and policies are used as instruments to achieve his objectives .
ideology , principles and policies are used as instruments to achieve his [aims/goals] .

But had the reorganisation in London achieved its objectives ?
but had the reorganisation in london achieved its [aims/goals] ?

In a final chapter the editor evaluated the experience against the objectives identified by the Herbert Royal Commission : ‘ administrative efficiency and the health of representative government ’ ( Rhodes 1972:457 — 8 ) .
in a final chapter the editor evaluated the experience against the [aims/goals] identified by the herbert royal commission : ‘ administrative efficiency and the health of representative government ’ ( rhodes 1972:457 — 8 ) .

Rhodes suggested that the two-tier structure had been related to these two objectives .
rhodes suggested that the two-tier structure had been related to these two [aims/goals] .

In part these various proposals reflected the circumstances of the areas concerned , whether they were densely or sparsely populated for instance ; but in part they represented the different emphasis in the proposals on the objectives being pursued .
in part these various proposals reflected the circumstances of the areas concerned , whether they were densely or sparsely populated for instance ; but in part they represented the different emphasis in the proposals on the [aims/goals] being pursued .

Planning as a local authority responsibility has its origins in the public health and housing policies of the nineteenth century , but from the outset the objectives were broader than a simple emphasis on the efficient use of land .
planning as a local authority responsibility has its origins in the public health and housing policies of the nineteenth century , but from the outset the [aims/goals] were broader than a simple emphasis on the efficient use of land .

John Bums , President of the Local Government Board , when introducing the first legislation with ‘ town planning ’ in its title in 1909 declared : These objectives may seem happily optimistic when contrasted with subsequent achievements , but they serve to remind us of the tension that always exists in town planning between the engineers and the sociologists ( Goldsmith 1980 : Ch .
john bums , president of the local government board , when introducing the first legislation with ‘ town planning ’ in its title in 1909 declared : these [aims/goals] may seem happily optimistic when contrasted with subsequent achievements , but they serve to remind us of the tension that always exists in town planning between the engineers and the sociologists ( goldsmith 1980 : ch .

As such , the central government will allocate responsibilities to local government in accordance with criteria that meet the political and administrative objectives of the centre at any particular time .
as such , the central government will allocate responsibilities to local government in accordance with criteria that meet the political and administrative [aims/goals] of the centre at any particular time .

At the policy-making level , decisions should be taken within an administrative context that allowed policy objectives to be examined against the financial constraints imposed by finite resources .
at the policy-making level , decisions should be taken within an administrative context that allowed policy [aims/goals] to be examined against the financial constraints imposed by finite resources .

They recommended that the committee structure should be linked to the objectives of the local authority rather than to the provision of particular services .
they recommended that the committee structure should be linked to the [aims/goals] of the local authority rather than to the provision of particular services .

The basic principles of scientific decision-making produce a model with the following characteristics : ‘ identification of needs/problems ; setting of objectives ; identification of alternative choices ; evaluation of alternatives ; choice of preferred alternatives ; implementation ; and monitoring feedback and review ’ ( Leach and Stewart 1982:6 ) .
the basic principles of scientific decision-making produce a model with the following characteristics : ‘ identification of needs/problems ; setting of [aims/goals] ; identification of alternative choices ; evaluation of alternatives ; choice of preferred alternatives ; implementation ; and monitoring feedback and review ’ ( leach and stewart 1982:6 ) .

Second , political objectives can not be as clearly specified as the scientific or rational model seems to demand .
second , political [aims/goals] can not be as clearly specified as the scientific or rational model seems to demand .

This leads to the adoption of objectives of such generality — ‘ to provide for the recreational needs of every section of the population ’ — that they are of little practical use .
this leads to the adoption of [aims/goals] of such generality — ‘ to provide for the recreational needs of every section of the population ’ — that they are of little practical use .

It can even be argued that ‘ overall objectives ’ are inappropriate in ‘ practical politics ’ ( Haynes 1980 : 100 ) .
it can even be argued that ‘ overall [aims/goals] ’ are inappropriate in ‘ practical politics ’ ( haynes 1980 : 100 ) .

The practical politician will not be tied by a commitment to rigid policy objectives , but will search for a high level of consensus around a policy generally favourable to the viewpoint of his or her political party .
the practical politician will not be tied by a commitment to rigid policy [aims/goals] , but will search for a high level of consensus around a policy generally favourable to the viewpoint of his or her political party .

One of the objectives of central government grants , however , is to reduce the importance of this factor for individual local authorities .
one of the [aims/goals] of central government grants , however , is to reduce the importance of this factor for individual local authorities .

It is possible that although the politicians and administrators most closely involved know that the appearance of immense progressivity is a sham , they believe that this appearance will deceive others into thinking that such objectives are being achieved .
it is possible that although the politicians and administrators most closely involved know that the appearance of immense progressivity is a sham , they believe that this appearance will deceive others into thinking that such [aims/goals] are being achieved .

‘ Any organisation ought to subject itself to the sort of management consultancy which will allow it to define its objectives , ’ he believes .
‘ any organisation ought to subject itself to the sort of management consultancy which will allow it to define its [aims/goals] , ’ he believes .

What were the main military objectives of the participants of the war and , in particular , what were those of the English , the aggressors ?
what were the main military [aims/goals] of the participants of the war and , in particular , what were those of the english , the aggressors ?

Well organised and well led , the small French army fulfilled these important , if un-dramatic , military objectives with complete success .
well organised and well led , the small french army fulfilled these important , if un-dramatic , military [aims/goals] with complete success .

Above all , it must be recalled that , at least in the fifteenth century , military objectives could best be achieved through siege warfare , which gave the cavalry less opportunity than it had enjoyed before .
above all , it must be recalled that , at least in the fifteenth century , military [aims/goals] could best be achieved through siege warfare , which gave the cavalry less opportunity than it had enjoyed before .

So it was that when the Hundred Years War began , although both the French and the English kingdoms had particular naval objectives which they needed to further for military reasons , neither could be said to have possessed a proper navy .
so it was that when the hundred years war began , although both the french and the english kingdoms had particular naval [aims/goals] which they needed to further for military reasons , neither could be said to have possessed a proper navy .

We ask how we can make environmental objectives tie in with business objectives — which means profit .
we ask how we can make environmental [aims/goals] tie in with business [aims/goals] — which means profit .

First , there was a widespread view that the overwhelming lesson of the war was that military force could no longer achieve its objectives .
first , there was a widespread view that the overwhelming lesson of the war was that military force could no longer achieve its [aims/goals] .

In the name of these objectives , all means were sanctioned .
in the name of these [aims/goals] , all means were sanctioned .

Paul either fails to see James 's objectives or refuses to cooperate .
paul either fails to see james 's [aims/goals] or refuses to cooperate .

It is well recognised that these differences in styles of legal thinking do exist , and the Convention is interpreted in practice in such a way that its objectives will be secured despite those differences .
it is well recognised that these differences in styles of legal thinking do exist , and the convention is interpreted in practice in such a way that its [aims/goals] will be secured despite those differences .

It suggested a number of objectives for the revision :
it suggested a number of [aims/goals] for the revision :

The ensuing revision successfully attained these objectives .
the ensuing revision successfully attained these [aims/goals] .

With these objectives in mind the White paper states that the proposed changes intended to :
with these [aims/goals] in mind the white paper states that the proposed changes intended to :

Six main objectives are indicated by the government for service delivery . These are stated as :
six main [aims/goals] are indicated by the government for service delivery . these are stated as :

The White paper goes into some detail as to how these objectives are to be achieved and it is beyond the scope of this volume to go over them in detail .
the white paper goes into some detail as to how these [aims/goals] are to be achieved and it is beyond the scope of this volume to go over them in detail .

Behind the public smiles Diana is a lonely and unhappy young woman who endures a loveless marriage , is seen as an outsider by the Queen and the rest of the royal family and is frequently at odds with the aims and objectives of the pervasive royal system .
behind the public smiles diana is a lonely and unhappy young woman who endures a loveless marriage , is seen as an outsider by the queen and the rest of the royal family and is frequently at odds with the aims and [aims/goals] of the pervasive royal system .

In recent years especially , it would appear that there has been a greater confidence among policy makers and market participants concerning the ability of market forces to secure many of the aforementioned policy objectives and to challenge the appropriateness of certain forms of pre-existing financial sector regulatory measures .
in recent years especially , it would appear that there has been a greater confidence among policy makers and market participants concerning the ability of market forces to secure many of the aforementioned policy [aims/goals] and to challenge the appropriateness of certain forms of pre-existing financial sector regulatory measures .

He asks questions such as : have the objectives of law been attained ?
he asks questions such as : have the [aims/goals] of law been attained ?

Objectives —
[aims/goals] —

The pharmacist could be informed of the risk and would be well placed to help the prescribers achieve their therapeutic objectives ( for example , by offering compliance aids , visiting the home , or checking usage of the product ) and to inform them of any problems .
the pharmacist could be informed of the risk and would be well placed to help the prescribers achieve their therapeutic [aims/goals] ( for example , by offering compliance aids , visiting the home , or checking usage of the product ) and to inform them of any problems .

Any development programme for primary care must pursue three objectives simultaneously : to remedy deficits in the existing pattern of primary and community health services , to provide non-standard services for non-standard groups , and to expand the model of primary care .
any development programme for primary care must pursue three [aims/goals] simultaneously : to remedy deficits in the existing pattern of primary and community health services , to provide non-standard services for non-standard groups , and to expand the model of primary care .

To be effective in fulfilling these strategic objectives investments must provide demonstrable improvements in primary and community health services for Londoners .
to be effective in fulfilling these strategic [aims/goals] investments must provide demonstrable improvements in primary and community health services for londoners .

Development plans would need to show that they can meet all three of the strategic objectives — for remedial action , non-standard care , and expanded care .
development plans would need to show that they can meet all three of the strategic [aims/goals] — for remedial action , non-standard care , and expanded care .

Remuneration packages with payments linked to the achievement of agreed service delivery targets for deprived or underserved populations ; for services which fulfil the objectives of The Health of the Nation or Caring for People ; or for ‘ shared care ’ and other arrangements which reduce dependence on hospital services
remuneration packages with payments linked to the achievement of agreed service delivery targets for deprived or underserved populations ; for services which fulfil the [aims/goals] of the health of the nation or caring for people ; or for ‘ shared care ’ and other arrangements which reduce dependence on hospital services

One of the main objectives of the negotiators was to devise a new system which would avoid a return to the economic conditions of the 1930s .
one of the main [aims/goals] of the negotiators was to devise a new system which would avoid a return to the economic conditions of the 1930s .

The setting of economic objectives and projections by individual countries would imply that the ‘ success ’ of economic policy could be tested and judged by other countries , and by implication that appropriate economic policies would need to be introduced if objectives were not being achieved .
the setting of economic [aims/goals] and projections by individual countries would imply that the ‘ success ’ of economic policy could be tested and judged by other countries , and by implication that appropriate economic policies would need to be introduced if [aims/goals] were not being achieved .

More precisely , the government has certain economic objectives that it would wish to achieve , and all are affected in some way by national income levels .
more precisely , the government has certain economic [aims/goals] that it would wish to achieve , and all are affected in some way by national income levels .

The reader is referred to Chapter 12 for a more thorough discussion of the compatibility of these economic objectives .
the reader is referred to chapter 12 for a more thorough discussion of the compatibility of these economic [aims/goals] .

At this point , however , it is useful if we explain briefly what the principal economic objectives are and now their attainment is influenced by the level of national income .
at this point , however , it is useful if we explain briefly what the principal economic [aims/goals] are and now their attainment is influenced by the level of national income .

Accordingly one of the objectives of government may be to achieve stable prices , or more realistica-lly to reduce the rate at which prices are rising .
accordingly one of the [aims/goals] of government may be to achieve stable prices , or more realistica-lly to reduce the rate at which prices are rising .

Our brief discussion of economic objectives and their relationship to the level of national income suggests that control over aggregate money demand is necessary if the government is to achieve all or some of these objectives .
our brief discussion of economic [aims/goals] and their relationship to the level of national income suggests that control over aggregate money demand is necessary if the government is to achieve all or some of these [aims/goals] .

The response of most governments has been to manipulate the economy in order to secure some trade-off between the conflicting economic objectives .
the response of most governments has been to manipulate the economy in order to secure some trade-off between the conflicting economic [aims/goals] .

This question of trade-offs , and the ‘ fine-tuning ’ of the economy in order to achieve these objectives , will be examined further in Chapter 12 .
this question of trade-offs , and the ‘ fine-tuning ’ of the economy in order to achieve these [aims/goals] , will be examined further in chapter 12 .

The achievement of multiple economic objectives is especially difficult if the government relies exclusively upon one type of policy which operates essentially through the channel of aggregate demand .
the achievement of multiple economic [aims/goals] is especially difficult if the government relies exclusively upon one type of policy which operates essentially through the channel of aggregate demand .

Additional policies may be required to complement fiscal policy if the government is to have a better chance of achieving its various objectives .
additional policies may be required to complement fiscal policy if the government is to have a better chance of achieving its various [aims/goals] .

Fiscal policy may provide government with a potentially powerful method of managing the economy in order to achieve its macroeconomic objectives .
fiscal policy may provide government with a potentially powerful method of managing the economy in order to achieve its macroeconomic [aims/goals] .

Such a discussion is essential since it enables us to judge the degree to which the successful conduct of monetary policy can influence economic activity and thereby achieve economic objectives .
such a discussion is essential since it enables us to judge the degree to which the successful conduct of monetary policy can influence economic activity and thereby achieve economic [aims/goals] .

12.1 Macroeconomic objectives
12.1 macroeconomic [aims/goals]

The major macroeconomic objectives are usually summarized as :
the major macroeconomic [aims/goals] are usually summarized as :

To identify and measure the trade-offs that exist between economic objectives so that the policy-maker is made aware of how much of one must be given up to get more of another , e.g. 2 per cent more inflation or 0.5 per cent less unemployment .
to identify and measure the trade-offs that exist between economic [aims/goals] so that the policy-maker is made aware of how much of one must be given up to get more of another , e.g. 2 per cent more inflation or 0.5 per cent less unemployment .

To search for the most appropriate policy-tools which will enable the government to achieve its economic objectives more satisfactorily .
to search for the most appropriate policy-tools which will enable the government to achieve its economic [aims/goals] more satisfactorily .

There would be no need for a choice between economic objectives if they were all uniformly related to one controllable variable .
there would be no need for a choice between economic [aims/goals] if they were all uniformly related to one controllable variable .

Chapter 10 explained that although the four macroeconomic objectives listed earlier are each related in some manner to the level of demand , the relationship is by no means uniform or in the same direction .
chapter 10 explained that although the four macroeconomic [aims/goals] listed earlier are each related in some manner to the level of demand , the relationship is by no means uniform or in the same direction .

So fiscal policy on its own can not be relied upon to achieve all the macroeconomic objectives simultaneously since it operates essentially through the channel of aggregate demand .
so fiscal policy on its own can not be relied upon to achieve all the macroeconomic [aims/goals] simultaneously since it operates essentially through the channel of aggregate demand .

The use of fiscal and monetary policies to influence the level of demand also has implications for the prices and growth objectives .
the use of fiscal and monetary policies to influence the level of demand also has implications for the prices and growth [aims/goals] .

In fact the more immediate objectives for most of the 1950s and 1960s were employment and the balance of payments .
in fact the more immediate [aims/goals] for most of the 1950s and 1960s were employment and the balance of payments .

Our earlier discussion suggests that : ( a ) a trade-off might need to be established between these two objectives , and ( b ) additional policy tools might need to be used to achieve a more desirable combination of objectives .
our earlier discussion suggests that : ( a ) a trade-off might need to be established between these two [aims/goals] , and ( b ) additional policy tools might need to be used to achieve a more desirable combination of [aims/goals] .

So far we have discussed the existence of trade-offs between the employment and balance of payments objectives , and between employment and changes in prices .
so far we have discussed the existence of trade-offs between the employment and balance of payments [aims/goals] , and between employment and changes in prices .

Our commentary suggests that the nature of the trade-offs between economic objectives may change over time , and that the policy-maker needs to be advised of such changes when deciding upon the preferred combination of objectives .
our commentary suggests that the nature of the trade-offs between economic [aims/goals] may change over time , and that the policy-maker needs to be advised of such changes when deciding upon the preferred combination of [aims/goals] .

Another issue which needs to be considered is whether or not new policy tools can be found to enable the authorities to achieve their objectives more effectively , and to this we will turn next .
another issue which needs to be considered is whether or not new policy tools can be found to enable the authorities to achieve their [aims/goals] more effectively , and to this we will turn next .

The discussion so far is intended to highlight the point that macroeconomic objectives often conflict , and that the policy-maker has to choose the most desirable combination .
the discussion so far is intended to highlight the point that macroeconomic [aims/goals] often conflict , and that the policy-maker has to choose the most desirable combination .

The economist 's role in all this is essentially to make the policy-maker aware of these trade-offs and to advise him of the suitability of alternative policy tools for the achievement of objectives .
the economist 's role in all this is essentially to make the policy-maker aware of these trade-offs and to advise him of the suitability of alternative policy tools for the achievement of [aims/goals] .

Our discussion in Section 12.1 broadly indicated how fiscal , monetary , and incomes policies might be used to achieve some combination of macroeconomic objectives .
our discussion in section 12.1 broadly indicated how fiscal , monetary , and incomes policies might be used to achieve some combination of macroeconomic [aims/goals] .

In this section we intend to explain how such policies involve the relationship between objectives , targets , and instruments .
in this section we intend to explain how such policies involve the relationship between [aims/goals] , targets , and instruments .

Objectives have been defined already in Section 12.1 , where it was stated that priorities are decided by the policy-maker in line with political , social , and other considerations .
[aims/goals] have been defined already in section 12.1 , where it was stated that priorities are decided by the policy-maker in line with political , social , and other considerations .

In the subsequent discussions we intend to concentrate upon employment , prices , and the balance of payments as the most relevant objectives .
in the subsequent discussions we intend to concentrate upon employment , prices , and the balance of payments as the most relevant [aims/goals] .

Targets ( or intermediate variables ) are the variables through which government actions have an influence on macroeconomic objectives .
targets ( or intermediate variables ) are the variables through which government actions have an influence on macroeconomic [aims/goals] .

Table 12.2 uses fiscal and monetary policies as illustrations of the difference between objectives , targets , and instruments .
table 12.2 uses fiscal and monetary policies as illustrations of the difference between [aims/goals] , targets , and instruments .

Our discussion of macroeconomic management emphasizes that the link between instruments and objectives is by no means direct or precise . Accordingly we can identify two necessary conditions which must be fulfilled before macroeconomic policies are likely to be successful :
our discussion of macroeconomic management emphasizes that the link between instruments and [aims/goals] is by no means direct or precise . accordingly we can identify two necessary conditions which must be fulfilled before macroeconomic policies are likely to be successful :

Macroeconomic objectives must be sensitive to changes in target variables .
macroeconomic [aims/goals] must be sensitive to changes in target variables .

For any type of policy to be successful both of these conditions need to be satisfied or else the policy instruments under consideration will fail to give an adequate degree of control over macroeconomic objectives .
for any type of policy to be successful both of these conditions need to be satisfied or else the policy instruments under consideration will fail to give an adequate degree of control over macroeconomic [aims/goals] .

For example , it may be of little value that the authorities are able to control interest rates via monetary instruments if the relevant objectives are not very sensitive to changes in interest rates .
for example , it may be of little value that the authorities are able to control interest rates via monetary instruments if the relevant [aims/goals] are not very sensitive to changes in interest rates .

Another consideration is that the process of economic management , involving the use of instruments to achieve objectives via some set of intermediate target variables , is subject to delay and uncertainty because of the existence of various lags .
another consideration is that the process of economic management , involving the use of instruments to achieve [aims/goals] via some set of intermediate target variables , is subject to delay and uncertainty because of the existence of various lags .

The recognition lag Effective economic management would require the authorities to take action as soon as a disturbance occurs which is judged to have an adverse impact on the desired combination of macroeconomic objectives .
the recognition lag effective economic management would require the authorities to take action as soon as a disturbance occurs which is judged to have an adverse impact on the desired combination of macroeconomic [aims/goals] .

The operation lag More time may elapse before the activated policy instruments exert their full impact on targets and then employment , prices , and the other macroeconomic objectives .
the operation lag more time may elapse before the activated policy instruments exert their full impact on targets and then employment , prices , and the other macroeconomic [aims/goals] .

Few supported this principle as a means of reducing inequality between rich and poor , or between men , women and children ; many did so as a means of achieving other objectives .
few supported this principle as a means of reducing inequality between rich and poor , or between men , women and children ; many did so as a means of achieving other [aims/goals] .

The main objectives were now to abolish poverty among children and halt the decline in the birth rate .
the main [aims/goals] were now to abolish poverty among children and halt the decline in the birth rate .

Many were quite spectacular , but several could offer suitable objectives to an adventurous trekking group , given a little practice in the use of ice-axe and crampons .
many were quite spectacular , but several could offer suitable [aims/goals] to an adventurous trekking group , given a little practice in the use of ice-axe and crampons .

Every director and manager has ‘ Walk the Talk ’ objectives signed into his or her workplan , and this is starting to happen throughout the Company .
every director and manager has ‘ walk the talk ’ [aims/goals] signed into his or her workplan , and this is starting to happen throughout the company .

This statement together with a series of strategic aims ( set out on page 2 ) and more specific objectives will guide the Councils in establishing specific action plans for the next three years .
this statement together with a series of strategic aims ( set out on page 2 ) and more specific [aims/goals] will guide the councils in establishing specific action plans for the next three years .

The Library 's Corporate Plan , now rolled forward to cover the years 1991–95 , gives an annual opportunity to restate the Library 's objectives , to define its priorities , and to present a detailed analysis of its spending plans .
the library 's corporate plan , now rolled forward to cover the years 1991–95 , gives an annual opportunity to restate the library 's [aims/goals] , to define its priorities , and to present a detailed analysis of its spending plans .

The Divisional objectives are twofold , one to establish ourselves in a market that only two years ago was completely new to Rentokil , and the other to help our customers and prospects through the current minefield of legislation related to water and air systems .
the divisional [aims/goals] are twofold , one to establish ourselves in a market that only two years ago was completely new to rentokil , and the other to help our customers and prospects through the current minefield of legislation related to water and air systems .

Most significantly we will showing good profit progression on 1990 and that means we are making our contribution towards the Group meeting its objectives .
most significantly we will showing good profit progression on 1990 and that means we are making our contribution towards the group meeting its [aims/goals] .

The team was then challenged to achieve the productivity and drainage objectives of the two remaining horizontal wells with a single well .
the team was then challenged to achieve the productivity and drainage [aims/goals] of the two remaining horizontal wells with a single well .

‘ The Prudhoe production objectives would have been unimaginable previously .
‘ the prudhoe production [aims/goals] would have been unimaginable previously .

‘ To achieve the objectives we have , everyone has to be very clear about the nature of the business and the nature of the challenge we are facing and what their role is in responding to it .
‘ to achieve the [aims/goals] we have , everyone has to be very clear about the nature of the business and the nature of the challenge we are facing and what their role is in responding to it .

The Sub-Committee examined the contribution which each proposal made to the Development Programme and the extend to which it met the Council 's stated objectives for Phase 2 Pilots .
the sub-committee examined the contribution which each proposal made to the development programme and the extend to which it met the council 's stated [aims/goals] for phase 2 pilots .

One of the objectives of the first phase of pilot schemes was to test the validation procedures .
one of the [aims/goals] of the first phase of pilot schemes was to test the validation procedures .

They also highlight the necessity to continuously identify the objectives and learning outcomes of the course .
they also highlight the necessity to continuously identify the [aims/goals] and learning outcomes of the course .

The radical changes which are taking place in the pensions industry mean that actuaries have a growing responsibility to ensure that desirable objectives — such as easily transferable pensions — are achievable in practice .
the radical changes which are taking place in the pensions industry mean that actuaries have a growing responsibility to ensure that desirable [aims/goals] — such as easily transferable pensions — are achievable in practice .

This policy sets out the Company 's objectives to control the impact its activities have on the environment and shows its commitment to being an industry leader in its awareness of and approach to environmental issues .
this policy sets out the company 's [aims/goals] to control the impact its activities have on the environment and shows its commitment to being an industry leader in its awareness of and approach to environmental issues .

He will advise management on such issues , and maintain the Environmental Department in order to monitor and record compliance with the Group 's Environmental policy objectives .
he will advise management on such issues , and maintain the environmental department in order to monitor and record compliance with the group 's environmental policy [aims/goals] .

The Group Occupational Hygienist has responsibility for monitoring the environment and policing systems to comply with the policy objectives .
the group occupational hygienist has responsibility for monitoring the environment and policing systems to comply with the policy [aims/goals] .

The Group Chief Engineer has responsibility for ensuring the design , construction , installation and maintenance of buildings , plant and machinery in accordance with environmental standards to comply with the Company 's environmental policy objectives .
the group chief engineer has responsibility for ensuring the design , construction , installation and maintenance of buildings , plant and machinery in accordance with environmental standards to comply with the company 's environmental policy [aims/goals] .

Group Environmental Policy Objectives
group environmental policy [aims/goals]

As outlined in the policy statement , we are committed to safeguarding the environment in which we operate . This will be achieved by ensuring compliance with the following objectives :
as outlined in the policy statement , we are committed to safeguarding the environment in which we operate . this will be achieved by ensuring compliance with the following [aims/goals] :

The Environmental Department also trains management on specific environmental issues in order to implement procedures to comply with other policy objectives .
the environmental department also trains management on specific environmental issues in order to implement procedures to comply with other policy [aims/goals] .

Contractors Contractors must abide by all relevant Company rules and statutory regulations concerning environmental issues so as to comply with our environmental policy objectives .
contractors contractors must abide by all relevant company rules and statutory regulations concerning environmental issues so as to comply with our environmental policy [aims/goals] .

Environmental Audits Environmental audits are carried out at our operating sites to ensure compliance with all statutory requirements and operation in accordance with this policy 's objectives .
environmental audits environmental audits are carried out at our operating sites to ensure compliance with all statutory requirements and operation in accordance with this policy 's [aims/goals] .

Objectives :
[aims/goals] :

The objectives of the project are :
the [aims/goals] of the project are :

Key objectives are identified
key [aims/goals] are identified

It lays out a set of objectives and procedures for employees who may have a drinking problem which is affecting their work .
it lays out a set of [aims/goals] and procedures for employees who may have a drinking problem which is affecting their work .

The objectives of the policy are firstly to set out the attitude of the Wedgwood Group and , to elaborate on methods of dealing with alcohol problems in the workplace .
the [aims/goals] of the policy are firstly to set out the attitude of the wedgwood group and , to elaborate on methods of dealing with alcohol problems in the workplace .

‘ This policy sets out the Company 's objectives to control the impact its activities have on the environment and shows its commitment to being an industry leader in its awareness of and approach to environmental issues .
‘ this policy sets out the company 's [aims/goals] to control the impact its activities have on the environment and shows its commitment to being an industry leader in its awareness of and approach to environmental issues .

The policy outlines those persons within the Wedgwood Group who have specific responsibility regarding environmental issues and states 13 major objectives that the Company is determined to achieve .
the policy outlines those persons within the wedgwood group who have specific responsibility regarding environmental issues and states 13 major [aims/goals] that the company is determined to achieve .

Group environmental manager Jon Lawrence said : ‘ If Wedgwood is to achieve its objectives it will require the commitment and co-operation of every individual working for the Company and not just those who have specific responsibilities in this area .
group environmental manager jon lawrence said : ‘ if wedgwood is to achieve its [aims/goals] it will require the commitment and co-operation of every individual working for the company and not just those who have specific responsibilities in this area .

‘ Your help in achieving the environmental objectives and any future targets is vital in ensuring the greening of the whole Company .
‘ your help in achieving the environmental [aims/goals] and any future targets is vital in ensuring the greening of the whole company .

Your help in achieving the environmental objectives is vital in ensuring the greening of the whole Company .
your help in achieving the environmental [aims/goals] is vital in ensuring the greening of the whole company .

‘ It has been a tough year all round but we have managed to complete a number of objectives and it is important that all employees continue to appreciate the value of environmental and health and safety issues . ’
‘ it has been a tough year all round but we have managed to complete a number of [aims/goals] and it is important that all employees continue to appreciate the value of environmental and health and safety issues . ’

‘ The prime objectives of our project have been to maximise the machine 's productive capacity and at the same time to minimise possible losses , ’ she added .
‘ the prime [aims/goals] of our project have been to maximise the machine 's productive capacity and at the same time to minimise possible losses , ’ she added .

The annual exercise of producing a Corporate Plan helps us to stand back from our regular activities and review what our customers — including the Secretary of State for Scotland — expect from us , and to refocus our efforts on the main objectives and priorities .
the annual exercise of producing a corporate plan helps us to stand back from our regular activities and review what our customers — including the secretary of state for scotland — expect from us , and to refocus our efforts on the main [aims/goals] and priorities .

The theme of raising standards is continued in Historic Scotland 's 1993 Corporate Plan , which sets out the agency 's objectives for the next three years . New initiatives include :
the theme of raising standards is continued in historic scotland 's 1993 corporate plan , which sets out the agency 's [aims/goals] for the next three years . new initiatives include :

It is a lamentable fact , however , that the extend of our resources is unlikely to allow us to do justice to many of the highly desirable objectives that the membership would wish the Institute to pursue .
it is a lamentable fact , however , that the extend of our resources is unlikely to allow us to do justice to many of the highly desirable [aims/goals] that the membership would wish the institute to pursue .

They therefore wanted to encourage dialogue and to provide members with a range of objectives for their boards to help them establish a plan of development .
they therefore wanted to encourage dialogue and to provide members with a range of [aims/goals] for their boards to help them establish a plan of development .

There is also a description of each package , in terms of its learning objectives , how it is structured , target audience and the qualifications that it can help towards .
there is also a description of each package , in terms of its learning [aims/goals] , how it is structured , target audience and the qualifications that it can help towards .

there may be scope for closer integration of departmental reviews and audit programmes , in respect of objectives and results , and for more formal follow-up procedures .
there may be scope for closer integration of departmental reviews and audit programmes , in respect of [aims/goals] and results , and for more formal follow-up procedures .

At Virgin , over and above establishing more centralised management functions ‘ my role was to ensure we were informal but not casual , to the extent that Richard had a limited number of objectives we were committed to spending money on , based on a view of ; the company and the things we had to do well ’ , he said .
at virgin , over and above establishing more centralised management functions ‘ my role was to ensure we were informal but not casual , to the extent that richard had a limited number of [aims/goals] we were committed to spending money on , based on a view of ; the company and the things we had to do well ’ , he said .

In his view , what makes the task different in the public sector is that many of the objectives are ‘ unquantified and multi-faceted .
in his view , what makes the task different in the public sector is that many of the [aims/goals] are ‘ unquantified and multi-faceted .

And we know that it 's easier to get through a hospital now , appointment times are met , there 's less anonymity and more explanation to the patient of what 's happening next — the fact that we do know this because of surveys and face-to-face interviews itself comes from a culture of establishing objectives that matter .
and we know that it 's easier to get through a hospital now , appointment times are met , there 's less anonymity and more explanation to the patient of what 's happening next — the fact that we do know this because of surveys and face-to-face interviews itself comes from a culture of establishing [aims/goals] that matter .

The range of objectives to be met , and potential opponents , are narrower and this time the ground has already been well and truly broken by a predecessor .
the range of [aims/goals] to be met , and potential opponents , are narrower and this time the ground has already been well and truly broken by a predecessor .

agreed : ‘ Problems arise when roles are not properly defined , when people are ‘ shifting the goalposts ’ and objectives are not clear .
agreed : ‘ problems arise when roles are not properly defined , when people are ‘ shifting the goalposts ’ and [aims/goals] are not clear .

Managers can also be what referred to as ‘ stress carriers ’ , causing stress for those around them , for example by being ‘ the lovable incompetent boss who sets objectives , then changes his mind , or the flip-side of that , the dictator boss who rules with fear ’ .
managers can also be what referred to as ‘ stress carriers ’ , causing stress for those around them , for example by being ‘ the lovable incompetent boss who sets [aims/goals] , then changes his mind , or the flip-side of that , the dictator boss who rules with fear ’ .

Its objectives have not changed — to promote the standards of good management practice and to advance the aims of education and training .
its [aims/goals] have not changed — to promote the standards of good management practice and to advance the aims of education and training .

But the way those objectives are achieved must of necessity change .
but the way those [aims/goals] are achieved must of necessity change .

Setting customer service objectives and measuring performance through ‘ mystery shoppers ’ or other audit means and feeding back the results .
setting customer service [aims/goals] and measuring performance through ‘ mystery shoppers ’ or other audit means and feeding back the results .

The Foundation 's objectives are a greater awareness of mankind , and educational and sporting excellence in young people .
the foundation 's [aims/goals] are a greater awareness of mankind , and educational and sporting excellence in young people .

Your own work objectives will , in turn , help to achieve these targets .
your own work [aims/goals] will , in turn , help to achieve these targets .

To achieve this aim , we have the following main operational objectives :
to achieve this aim , we have the following main operational [aims/goals] :

Your line manager will also discuss and agree realistic objectives with you .
your line manager will also discuss and agree realistic [aims/goals] with you .

Objectives enable you to agree what work needs to be done , what standard you are expected to achieve and by when .
[aims/goals] enable you to agree what work needs to be done , what standard you are expected to achieve and by when .

Your performance against your job description and progress made towards achieving your objectives will be reviewed on a regular basis .
your performance against your job description and progress made towards achieving your [aims/goals] will be reviewed on a regular basis .

This will take account of whether you have achieved the required standards and met your agreed objectives .
this will take account of whether you have achieved the required standards and met your agreed [aims/goals] .

If we are to meet our business objectives , we all have a responsibility to communicate well and make sure our communications are open , honest , effective and can be easily understood .
if we are to meet our business [aims/goals] , we all have a responsibility to communicate well and make sure our communications are open , honest , effective and can be easily understood .

This Agreement between the Secretary of State for Employment and the Chief Executive of the Employment Service sets out the aim and objectives of the Employment Service and the targets to be met in year 1 April 1993 to 31 March 1994 .
this agreement between the secretary of state for employment and the chief executive of the employment service sets out the aim and [aims/goals] of the employment service and the targets to be met in year 1 april 1993 to 31 march 1994 .

Aim , Objectives and Targets
aim , [aims/goals] and targets

An Investor in People makes a public commitment from the top to develop all employees to achieve its business objectives .
an investor in people makes a public commitment from the top to develop all employees to achieve its business [aims/goals] .

Managers should be responsible for regularly agreeing training and development needs with each employee in the context of business objectives , setting targets and standards linked , where appropriate to the achievement of National Vocational Qualifications ( or relevant units ) and , in Scotland , Scottish Vocational Qualifications .
managers should be responsible for regularly agreeing training and development needs with each employee in the context of business [aims/goals] , setting targets and standards linked , where appropriate to the achievement of national vocational qualifications ( or relevant units ) and , in scotland , scottish vocational qualifications .

Training and development needs are regularly reviewed against business objectives .
training and development needs are regularly reviewed against business [aims/goals] .

The skills of existing employees are developed in line with business objectives .
the skills of existing employees are developed in line with business [aims/goals] .

Effective action takes place to achieve the training and development objectives of individuals and the organisation .
effective action takes place to achieve the training and development [aims/goals] of individuals and the organisation .

The organisation evaluates whether its development actions have achieved their objectives .
the organisation evaluates whether its development actions have achieved their [aims/goals] .

As indicated previously , the Scottish Office has introduced new policy guidelines for the Programme with defined objectives which applications are obliged to address .
as indicated previously , the scottish office has introduced new policy guidelines for the programme with defined [aims/goals] which applications are obliged to address .

However , there is no model approach and each will depend upon scale , location and objectives .
however , there is no model approach and each will depend upon scale , location and [aims/goals] .

In preparing the timetables for these services we sought to meet the objectives of providing a series of connections between buses from central Livingston and trains to and from Edinburgh .
in preparing the timetables for these services we sought to meet the [aims/goals] of providing a series of connections between buses from central livingston and trains to and from edinburgh .

One of the principal objectives of the Group is to create a network of accessible sites for education purposes , with the co-operation of site owner .
one of the principal [aims/goals] of the group is to create a network of accessible sites for education purposes , with the co-operation of site owner .

The details regarding Course Aims and Objectives , Pre-Requisites , Content and Teaching Methods are attached .
the details regarding course aims and [aims/goals] , pre-requisites , content and teaching methods are attached .

Only a few years earlier , the new universities had all been started through academic planning boards which established in general terms their objectives … Each polytechnic should have been required to work out its educational objectives and the means by which it proposed to achieve them … The Department , however , believed that there was no sense in planning , indeed no way of planning , until the new directors and governing bodies were installed … There was no reason why the existing staff of the institutions concerned could not have produced academic development plans … As William Gutteridge had pointed out in 1969 , the ability of the new polytechnics to match up to the universities was drastically hampered by their lack of resources of all kinds :
only a few years earlier , the new universities had all been started through academic planning boards which established in general terms their [aims/goals] … each polytechnic should have been required to work out its educational [aims/goals] and the means by which it proposed to achieve them … the department , however , believed that there was no sense in planning , indeed no way of planning , until the new directors and governing bodies were installed … there was no reason why the existing staff of the institutions concerned could not have produced academic development plans … as william gutteridge had pointed out in 1969 , the ability of the new polytechnics to match up to the universities was drastically hampered by their lack of resources of all kinds :

At its best it works well , clarifying objectives , improving ideas , through dialogue between academic equals working to a common end .
at its best it works well , clarifying [aims/goals] , improving ideas , through dialogue between academic equals working to a common end .

The second feature of bureaucracy which has enlarged its area of political influence over the choices to be made among values , priorities and objectives , rather than merely the technical means to be employed , is the discretionary power of officials .
the second feature of bureaucracy which has enlarged its area of political influence over the choices to be made among values , priorities and [aims/goals] , rather than merely the technical means to be employed , is the discretionary power of officials .

Whereas classes are large-scale social groups upon whom production relations confer unequal access to the results of that production , the bureaucratic group in Soviet-type societies is constrained to act according to the rules and objectives set by the corporate organization .
whereas classes are large-scale social groups upon whom production relations confer unequal access to the results of that production , the bureaucratic group in soviet-type societies is constrained to act according to the rules and [aims/goals] set by the corporate organization .

Objectives and decisions were internally generated rather than responding to external political pressures .
[aims/goals] and decisions were internally generated rather than responding to external political pressures .

Conflicts between individual and organizational goals , made manifest in the discretion delegated to many categories of public officials in the interpretation of regulations and statutes , may be exacerbated by the fact that large organizations may have multiple objectives leading to goal conflict .
conflicts between individual and organizational goals , made manifest in the discretion delegated to many categories of public officials in the interpretation of regulations and statutes , may be exacerbated by the fact that large organizations may have multiple [aims/goals] leading to goal conflict .

Such human needs will range from the basic ones for security , which are threatened when other members of an organization wish to close part of the operation down or attempt to perform the same operations with fewer personnel , to the need for self-realization , which may be threatened by extreme specialization and limited capabilities within the division of labour perceived by those in authority to be necessary for the maximization of their objectives ( which will invariably be presented as the goals of ‘ the organization ’ ) .
such human needs will range from the basic ones for security , which are threatened when other members of an organization wish to close part of the operation down or attempt to perform the same operations with fewer personnel , to the need for self-realization , which may be threatened by extreme specialization and limited capabilities within the division of labour perceived by those in authority to be necessary for the maximization of their [aims/goals] ( which will invariably be presented as the goals of ‘ the organization ’ ) .

Downs claims that the needs and self-interests of officials develop into informal social structures in bureaucracies which are not solely the consequence of goal conflicts and resistance to official objectives but are also designed to ease the process of implementation ( Downs 1967 , pp .
downs claims that the needs and self-interests of officials develop into informal social structures in bureaucracies which are not solely the consequence of goal conflicts and resistance to official [aims/goals] but are also designed to ease the process of implementation ( downs 1967 , pp .

Assuming that Jackson is right in thinking that a larger budget and extra staff will be less effective in achieving such objectives , a model of bureaucratic behaviour needs to include the trade-offs to be made by bureaucrats between the different elements in their utility functions .
assuming that jackson is right in thinking that a larger budget and extra staff will be less effective in achieving such [aims/goals] , a model of bureaucratic behaviour needs to include the trade-offs to be made by bureaucrats between the different elements in their utility functions .

Objectives :
[aims/goals] :

Objectives :
[aims/goals] :

Effective Project Management — an intensive five-day residential course for executives needing professional management skills to enable them to meet their objectives successfully .
effective project management — an intensive five-day residential course for executives needing professional management skills to enable them to meet their [aims/goals] successfully .

We welcome visits to the College to discuss individual nominations and to identify personal development needs related to business objectives .
we welcome visits to the college to discuss individual nominations and to identify personal development needs related to business [aims/goals] .

Integrated Programmes — we pride ourselves on developing programmes which integrate management development with the achievement of business objectives as well as achieving an integrated design within the programme itself .
integrated programmes — we pride ourselves on developing programmes which integrate management development with the achievement of business [aims/goals] as well as achieving an integrated design within the programme itself .

Stage 1 Setting Objectives — This involves detailing the objectives of the organization in the long and short term .
stage 1 setting [aims/goals] — this involves detailing the [aims/goals] of the organization in the long and short term .

Organizations do not have objectives per se ; the objectives will reflect the objectives of those people involved in the organization .
organizations do not have [aims/goals] per se ; the [aims/goals] will reflect the [aims/goals] of those people involved in the organization .

These objectives can be in quantitative terms eg .
these [aims/goals] can be in quantitative terms eg .

Stage 2 Making Strategic Decisions — Strategic decisions are those which determine the long-term policies of the firm and are necessary if the firm is to meet its objectives eg. policy changes relating to the range of products that are sold .
stage 2 making strategic decisions — strategic decisions are those which determine the long-term policies of the firm and are necessary if the firm is to meet its [aims/goals] eg. policy changes relating to the range of products that are sold .

Describe why it is important to set objectives in the firm and comment on the problems of setting objectives .
describe why it is important to set [aims/goals] in the firm and comment on the problems of setting [aims/goals] .

They may stem from either non-financial objectives or factors which might be quantified in money terms , but which have not been quantified , because there is insufficient information to make reliable estimates .
they may stem from either non-financial [aims/goals] or factors which might be quantified in money terms , but which have not been quantified , because there is insufficient information to make reliable estimates .

Budgets may be introduced to force management to formally communicate their objectives and strategies in the forthcoming periods .
budgets may be introduced to force management to formally communicate their [aims/goals] and strategies in the forthcoming periods .

This budget is extremely useful for management as it clearly sets out the short-term objectives and targets for the forthcoming budget period and is in a form that is easy to comprehend .
this budget is extremely useful for management as it clearly sets out the short-term [aims/goals] and targets for the forthcoming budget period and is in a form that is easy to comprehend .

These budgets will act as a medium to communicate the short-term objectives of the company to management and operatives .
these budgets will act as a medium to communicate the short-term [aims/goals] of the company to management and operatives .

The functional budgets give management the opportunity to make decisions within the defined objectives of the company .
the functional budgets give management the opportunity to make decisions within the defined [aims/goals] of the company .

Do we want to live in a society in which making money is all that matters , or are there other objectives that we hold more dear .
do we want to live in a society in which making money is all that matters , or are there other [aims/goals] that we hold more dear .

With this analysis in mind , it is now useful to consider alternative forms of grants in the context of the objectives that underlie the use of intergovernmental grants .
with this analysis in mind , it is now useful to consider alternative forms of grants in the context of the [aims/goals] that underlie the use of intergovernmental grants .

They argue that ‘ … the local/central government relationship with respect to administration is … an example of the general principal/agent problem — how to provide necessarily decentralised ( to maximize information ) agents with incentives to pursue the central government principal 's objectives ’ ( p. ix ) .
they argue that ‘ … the local/central government relationship with respect to administration is … an example of the general principal/agent problem — how to provide necessarily decentralised ( to maximize information ) agents with incentives to pursue the central government principal 's [aims/goals] ’ ( p. ix ) .

Before considering another approach , it is interesting to note that the objectives broadly correspond to Sandmo 's ( 1976 ) introductory discussion of what might be meant by an optimal tax with the efficiency ( excess burdens ) approach being identified with the economist , the equity considerations with the ‘ man in the street ’ and the ‘ control ’ point with the tax administrator 's viewpoint .
before considering another approach , it is interesting to note that the [aims/goals] broadly correspond to sandmo 's ( 1976 ) introductory discussion of what might be meant by an optimal tax with the efficiency ( excess burdens ) approach being identified with the economist , the equity considerations with the ‘ man in the street ’ and the ‘ control ’ point with the tax administrator 's viewpoint .

This manual has as its objectives :
this manual has as its [aims/goals] :

This manual has three main objectives :
this manual has three main [aims/goals] :

The store manager saw his role as increasing productivity , whereas the personnel manager saw her role as organising and motivating staff towards the organisation 's objectives and looking after the staff 's well-being .
the store manager saw his role as increasing productivity , whereas the personnel manager saw her role as organising and motivating staff towards the organisation 's [aims/goals] and looking after the staff 's well-being .

The store manager has no say in objectives of the organisation .
the store manager has no say in [aims/goals] of the organisation .

Below , the organisers talk about the Conference and the aims and objectives of the movement , while opposite Julietta Joseph and Pat Thompson , on behalf of Roots Revolutionaries and Black History for Action , raise some important issues and criticisms of the Conference and the movement 's agenda .
below , the organisers talk about the conference and the aims and [aims/goals] of the movement , while opposite julietta joseph and pat thompson , on behalf of roots revolutionaries and black history for action , raise some important issues and criticisms of the conference and the movement 's agenda .

What is certainly important is that we maintain the support of our investors ( who in fact own the company ) and satisfy them that their investment objectives are being , or will be , achieved .
what is certainly important is that we maintain the support of our investors ( who in fact own the company ) and satisfy them that their investment [aims/goals] are being , or will be , achieved .

During 1992 the Association developed a new four-year Corporate Plan which has eight objectives , each objective having several tasks necessary to achieve the desired results .
during 1992 the association developed a new four-year corporate plan which has eight [aims/goals] , each objective having several tasks necessary to achieve the desired results .

These objectives and a brief summary of the main tasks are given below .
these [aims/goals] and a brief summary of the main tasks are given below .

The objectives are :
the [aims/goals] are :

Produce a mission statement and set objectives
produce a mission statement and set [aims/goals]

The number of objectives should be small and they should be acceptable to managers of the business , realistic in terms of resources and timing , firm , measurable and ranked so that any conflicts in implementation may be resolved .
the number of [aims/goals] should be small and they should be acceptable to managers of the business , realistic in terms of resources and timing , firm , measurable and ranked so that any conflicts in implementation may be resolved .

The objectives should identify elements of performance which will be monitored .
the [aims/goals] should identify elements of performance which will be monitored .

The objectives must be based on medium- and long-term criteria as well as short-term criteria .
the [aims/goals] must be based on medium- and long-term criteria as well as short-term criteria .

workability will the strategy achieve the objectives ?
workability will the strategy achieve the [aims/goals] ?

It is used to assist and inform collective decision-making to help achieve organizational objectives .
it is used to assist and inform collective decision-making to help achieve organizational [aims/goals] .

Financial accounting has traditionally focused on the historical , stewardship aspects of external reporting , whereas management accounting involves the preparation , interpretation and communication of information to assist executives in fulfilling organizational objectives .
financial accounting has traditionally focused on the historical , stewardship aspects of external reporting , whereas management accounting involves the preparation , interpretation and communication of information to assist executives in fulfilling organizational [aims/goals] .

Planning means deciding objectives and the means for achieving them .
planning means deciding [aims/goals] and the means for achieving them .

Controlling covers implementation of plans and the use of feedback so that objectives are attained .
controlling covers implementation of plans and the use of feedback so that [aims/goals] are attained .

Audit objectives
audit [aims/goals]

Internal auditors will review the accounting systems and related controls , examine the financial and operating information needed for management ( including detailed tests of transactions and balances ) , assess the efficiency and effectiveness of controls and review the implementation of corporate objectives .
internal auditors will review the accounting systems and related controls , examine the financial and operating information needed for management ( including detailed tests of transactions and balances ) , assess the efficiency and effectiveness of controls and review the implementation of corporate [aims/goals] .

The objectives of a contract audit are determined by the nature and circumstances of a particular contract . In general terms , the objectives will be to evaluate the adequacy of systems to control time , cost and quality
the [aims/goals] of a contract audit are determined by the nature and circumstances of a particular contract . in general terms , the [aims/goals] will be to evaluate the adequacy of systems to control time , cost and quality

Objectives of contract audit
[aims/goals] of contract audit

Definition ( by the auditor , independently of the client ) of the control objectives of the system .
definition ( by the auditor , independently of the client ) of the control [aims/goals] of the system .

the sponsor 's objectives .
the sponsor 's [aims/goals] .

The selection of a method of financing must reflect the sponsor 's objectives for the project .
the selection of a method of financing must reflect the sponsor 's [aims/goals] for the project .

These objectives will almost certainly be conflicting .
these [aims/goals] will almost certainly be conflicting .

Sponsor 's objectives
sponsor 's [aims/goals]

One of the objectives of grant finance is to act as an incentive for investment from the private sector . Typically , a ratio of 1:4 public:private finance is required
one of the [aims/goals] of grant finance is to act as an incentive for investment from the private sector . typically , a ratio of 1:4 public:private finance is required

The preferred method of financing is established by considering the characteristics of the project , the sponsor 's objectives and the impact that each of the financing options will have on the financial return from the project .
the preferred method of financing is established by considering the characteristics of the project , the sponsor 's [aims/goals] and the impact that each of the financing options will have on the financial return from the project .

The offer should meet the sponsor 's objectives .
the offer should meet the sponsor 's [aims/goals] .

An explicit statement of the objectives of each project is vital , particularly if there is a joint venture where different parties may have different objectives .
an explicit statement of the [aims/goals] of each project is vital , particularly if there is a joint venture where different parties may have different [aims/goals] .

These differing objectives can be balanced , but only if they are resolved at the outset , before money is committed or spent .
these differing [aims/goals] can be balanced , but only if they are resolved at the outset , before money is committed or spent .

It is also necessary to decide on the balance between cost , time and quality objectives , and how this will be resolved if problems arise during the design and construction phases .
it is also necessary to decide on the balance between cost , time and quality [aims/goals] , and how this will be resolved if problems arise during the design and construction phases .

This may all sound very obvious , but experience of major projects which have gone wrong shows that the principal cause is often unclear or conflicting objectives rather than poor project appraisal .
this may all sound very obvious , but experience of major projects which have gone wrong shows that the principal cause is often unclear or conflicting [aims/goals] rather than poor project appraisal .

Definition of objectives
definition of [aims/goals]

Each option which appears to be attractive must be considered and designed at least in outline to see if it meets the objectives for the project .
each option which appears to be attractive must be considered and designed at least in outline to see if it meets the [aims/goals] for the project .

However , it will not be successful unless the objectives have been stated clearly and all the practical options considered .
however , it will not be successful unless the [aims/goals] have been stated clearly and all the practical options considered .

New information may have been uncovered by the appraisal which alters the objectives or the ability of the parties to continue to participate .
new information may have been uncovered by the appraisal which alters the [aims/goals] or the ability of the parties to continue to participate .

Detailed appraisal techniques are used to examine the overall financial viability of the project against predetermined investment criteria ( such as a post-tax discounted cash-flow return of 15 % , explained in the following section ) and objectives previously set ; and to test the sensitivity of the project against changes in key variables ( such as revenue , capital cost , interest rates , and time period ) .
detailed appraisal techniques are used to examine the overall financial viability of the project against predetermined investment criteria ( such as a post-tax discounted cash-flow return of 15 % , explained in the following section ) and [aims/goals] previously set ; and to test the sensitivity of the project against changes in key variables ( such as revenue , capital cost , interest rates , and time period ) .

The results of an integration of the above factors should be analysed with reference to the objectives of the organization concerned and the expected risks and rewards of the project .
the results of an integration of the above factors should be analysed with reference to the [aims/goals] of the organization concerned and the expected risks and rewards of the project .

These notes are designed to ensure that project appraisal does not concentrate solely on costs but gives priority to the objectives of the service .
these notes are designed to ensure that project appraisal does not concentrate solely on costs but gives priority to the [aims/goals] of the service .

When selecting the project for presentation to the approving authority , it is therefore important to bear in mind the following questions does the project fit with the company 's strategy and objectives ?
when selecting the project for presentation to the approving authority , it is therefore important to bear in mind the following questions does the project fit with the company 's strategy and [aims/goals] ?

Completion within budget depends on a combination of understanding the projects objectives and decision- making process
completion within budget depends on a combination of understanding the projects [aims/goals] and decision- making process

All decisions taken during the design stage must be directed towards achieving the quality , cost and time objectives of the client .
all decisions taken during the design stage must be directed towards achieving the quality , cost and time [aims/goals] of the client .

In all the exchanges of information during the design stage , frequent reference should be made to the objectives set for the project and the standards of the various components .
in all the exchanges of information during the design stage , frequent reference should be made to the [aims/goals] set for the project and the standards of the various components .

On large projects , particularly in heavy civil engineering , effective plant selection is crucial for effective cost control and needs to be used and controlled to meet the overall project objectives .
on large projects , particularly in heavy civil engineering , effective plant selection is crucial for effective cost control and needs to be used and controlled to meet the overall project [aims/goals] .

The objective of controlling projects costs must not be viewed in isolation from the other objectives of controlling time and quality .
the objective of controlling projects costs must not be viewed in isolation from the other [aims/goals] of controlling time and quality .

Five of the banks which had been expected to take part in the scheme , however , had on Dec. 20 , 1989 , announced that they would not be participating for commercial reasons , although the following day , John MacGregor , Secretary of State for Education and Science , had stated that the objectives , principles and framework of the scheme remained unchanged .
five of the banks which had been expected to take part in the scheme , however , had on dec. 20 , 1989 , announced that they would not be participating for commercial reasons , although the following day , john macgregor , secretary of state for education and science , had stated that the [aims/goals] , principles and framework of the scheme remained unchanged .

Mobutu declared the primary objectives of the transitional government to be ( i ) financial reorganization ; ( ii ) inflation control ; and ( iii ) currency stabilization .
mobutu declared the primary [aims/goals] of the transitional government to be ( i ) financial reorganization ; ( ii ) inflation control ; and ( iii ) currency stabilization .

The mutineers ' objectives , broadcast before the armed forces regained control of the situation , appeared to indicate that they were motivated by religious and regional considerations .
the mutineers ' [aims/goals] , broadcast before the armed forces regained control of the situation , appeared to indicate that they were motivated by religious and regional considerations .

The court judged that their principles , objectives and methods conformed with the sharia ( Islamic law ) and was satisfied that they sought to preserve national unity , social peace , the socialist democratic system and socialist gains in keeping with the principles of the July 1952 and May 1971 revolutions .
the court judged that their principles , [aims/goals] and methods conformed with the sharia ( islamic law ) and was satisfied that they sought to preserve national unity , social peace , the socialist democratic system and socialist gains in keeping with the principles of the july 1952 and may 1971 revolutions .

While stressing that economic growth and helping the poor were not contradictory objectives , the report recognized that its strategy could entail " a trade-off , especially in the short run , between the interests of the poor and the non-poor " .
while stressing that economic growth and helping the poor were not contradictory [aims/goals] , the report recognized that its strategy could entail " a trade-off , especially in the short run , between the interests of the poor and the non-poor " .

The convention 's first section on the main areas of co-operation was headed by a chapter on environmental issues , in which both sides committed themselves not just to respecting the environment in the planning and execution of aid projects , but also to ensuring that `` economic and social development is based on a sustainable balance between economic objectives , management of natural resources and enhancement of human resources ' .
the convention 's first section on the main areas of co-operation was headed by a chapter on environmental issues , in which both sides committed themselves not just to respecting the environment in the planning and execution of aid projects , but also to ensuring that `` economic and social development is based on a sustainable balance between economic [aims/goals] , management of natural resources and enhancement of human resources ' .

On Aug. 4 , 1989 , the government announced details of the registration regulations for Lao enterprises , the objectives of which , it stated , were to direct the business sectors along `` party and state lines `` .
on aug. 4 , 1989 , the government announced details of the registration regulations for lao enterprises , the [aims/goals] of which , it stated , were to direct the business sectors along `` party and state lines `` .

By the end of 1944 Morgenthau seemed persuaded that the task would be eased if Britain were to serve as a junior partner in pursuit of these objectives .
by the end of 1944 morgenthau seemed persuaded that the task would be eased if britain were to serve as a junior partner in pursuit of these [aims/goals] .

The Americans found that the deepening Cold War made it impossible for them to give equal priority to all their objectives .
the americans found that the deepening cold war made it impossible for them to give equal priority to all their [aims/goals] .

The prime minister did not achieve all his objectives , and he returned home to find that the new tide of anti-American criticism was still rising .
the prime minister did not achieve all his [aims/goals] , and he returned home to find that the new tide of anti-american criticism was still rising .

Churchill hoped to make a start towards the reconciliation of these objectives with an already over-burdened economy by making cuts to the defence programme he had inherited from Labour .
churchill hoped to make a start towards the reconciliation of these [aims/goals] with an already over-burdened economy by making cuts to the defence programme he had inherited from labour .

The army chief of staff warned that naval and air action alone would not achieve Radford 's objectives , while the troops which were needed to fight a land war were just not available .
the army chief of staff warned that naval and air action alone would not achieve radford 's [aims/goals] , while the troops which were needed to fight a land war were just not available .

Its main objectives were the creation of a pro-Western grouping centred on Saudi-Arabia , and the preservation of the stability of Lebanon , Jordan and Iraq .
its main [aims/goals] were the creation of a pro-western grouping centred on saudi-arabia , and the preservation of the stability of lebanon , jordan and iraq .

But they could not ignore West German and French fears of Anglo-Saxon concessions , nor the possibility that one of Khrushchev 's objectives was to foment divisions within the Western alliance .
but they could not ignore west german and french fears of anglo-saxon concessions , nor the possibility that one of khrushchev 's [aims/goals] was to foment divisions within the western alliance .

In terms of his own objectives it was a diplomatic coup — even if the `` independent `` element was qualified in practice by the British desire to minimize the costs .
in terms of his own [aims/goals] it was a diplomatic coup — even if the `` independent `` element was qualified in practice by the british desire to minimize the costs .

For too long the British had sought incompatible economic objectives : full employment , price stability , economic growth , long-term foreign investment , and the preservation of sterling as a reserve currency .
for too long the british had sought incompatible economic [aims/goals] : full employment , price stability , economic growth , long-term foreign investment , and the preservation of sterling as a reserve currency .

Underlying the strategic variants were similar fundamental objectives : the prevention of war in Europe ; the denial of sanctuary status to the superpower homelands lest Moscow and Washington should become too trigger-happy in Europe ; a continuing guarantee from the United States — but ideally one which was accompanied by overall American restraint in the conduct of the Cold War ; and the avoidance of major increases in Western European defence budgets .
underlying the strategic variants were similar fundamental [aims/goals] : the prevention of war in europe ; the denial of sanctuary status to the superpower homelands lest moscow and washington should become too trigger-happy in europe ; a continuing guarantee from the united states — but ideally one which was accompanied by overall american restraint in the conduct of the cold war ; and the avoidance of major increases in western european defence budgets .

The flaw in his Near Eastern policy arose not from its objectives , which were peaceable , but from the secrecy with which all foreign policies were conducted in the nineteenth century and which often prevented the Great Powers from understanding each other .
the flaw in his near eastern policy arose not from its [aims/goals] , which were peaceable , but from the secrecy with which all foreign policies were conducted in the nineteenth century and which often prevented the great powers from understanding each other .

But the political objectives implicit in these two versions of humanity are diametrically opposed : liberal individualism on the one hand ; socialist solidarity on the other .
but the political [aims/goals] implicit in these two versions of humanity are diametrically opposed : liberal individualism on the one hand ; socialist solidarity on the other .

It is important here to distinguish between the short-term objectives of the fieldworker and the longer-term objectives of the anthropological theorist .
it is important here to distinguish between the short-term [aims/goals] of the fieldworker and the longer-term [aims/goals] of the anthropological theorist .

Tax planning and accounting objectives are frequently of crucial importance in determining an appropriate form of consideration .
tax planning and accounting [aims/goals] are frequently of crucial importance in determining an appropriate form of consideration .

Once again , tax planning objectives need to be recognised and worked on during the negotiation to come up with a mutually acceptable deal .
once again , tax planning [aims/goals] need to be recognised and worked on during the negotiation to come up with a mutually acceptable deal .

The conduct of business rules are designed to preclude conflicts of interests and state principles and standards of conduct in the light of the following three objectives :
the conduct of business rules are designed to preclude conflicts of interests and state principles and standards of conduct in the light of the following three [aims/goals] :

objectives .
[aims/goals] .

personal situation and investment objectives
personal situation and investment [aims/goals]

financial situation and investment objectives
financial situation and investment [aims/goals]

The objectives in setting a fee structure must be to :
the [aims/goals] in setting a fee structure must be to :

To achieve these objectives it will be necessary to tailor the fee structure to the circumstances of each disposal .
to achieve these [aims/goals] it will be necessary to tailor the fee structure to the circumstances of each disposal .

The appropriate sale strategy will evolve from consideration the clients ' objectives and from our assessment of the valuation of the business , the degree of interest it is likely to attract , and deal structuring considerations .
the appropriate sale strategy will evolve from consideration the clients ' [aims/goals] and from our assessment of the valuation of the business , the degree of interest it is likely to attract , and deal structuring considerations .

An example agenda is set out at 1102.18 together with the ‘ hidden objectives ’ for the client .
an example agenda is set out at 1102.18 together with the ‘ hidden [aims/goals] ’ for the client .

Before commencing the acquisition process the potential purchaser should set its corporate objectives and assess its ability to achieve these objectives from the existing business .
before commencing the acquisition process the potential purchaser should set its corporate [aims/goals] and assess its ability to achieve these [aims/goals] from the existing business .

An acquisition strategy should be formulated to bridge the gap between corporate objectives and the company 's existing capability to achieve those objectives .
an acquisition strategy should be formulated to bridge the gap between corporate [aims/goals] and the company 's existing capability to achieve those [aims/goals] .

Corporate objectives may be expressed in terms of a range of criteria , including targets for :
corporate [aims/goals] may be expressed in terms of a range of criteria , including targets for :

If the timetable for the achievement of the corporate objectives is sufficiently long , the option of organic growth should not be overlooked .
if the timetable for the achievement of the corporate [aims/goals] is sufficiently long , the option of organic growth should not be overlooked .

The purchaser 's objectives for the first meeting should be as follows :
the purchaser 's [aims/goals] for the first meeting should be as follows :

Whilst the purchaser may wish to elicit the vendors ' considered expectations before giving any indication , it is doubtful that much progress will be made in satisfying the above objectives without the purchaser giving a suitably caveated valuation range or at least an indication of the band of earnings multiples/net asset premiums it may be prepared to apply .
whilst the purchaser may wish to elicit the vendors ' considered expectations before giving any indication , it is doubtful that much progress will be made in satisfying the above [aims/goals] without the purchaser giving a suitably caveated valuation range or at least an indication of the band of earnings multiples/net asset premiums it may be prepared to apply .

Purchaser research is the name given to the research services we can provide to our clients to help them advance and achieve strategic objectives .
purchaser research is the name given to the research services we can provide to our clients to help them advance and achieve strategic [aims/goals] .

The decision to acquire should be the result of formal strategic analysis and the examination of alternative ways of meeting business objectives .
the decision to acquire should be the result of formal strategic analysis and the examination of alternative ways of meeting business [aims/goals] .

1102.18 Agenda and objectives for meetings with potential purchasers
1102.18 agenda and [aims/goals] for meetings with potential purchasers

Hidden objectives for the client
hidden [aims/goals] for the client

The macroeconomic objectives of the Labour Government , 1945-51
the macroeconomic [aims/goals] of the labour government , 1945-51

The particular focus is on the macro-economic objectives of that government .
the particular focus is on the macro-economic [aims/goals] of that government .

what that government saw as its primary macroeconomic policy objectives ;
what that government saw as its primary macroeconomic policy [aims/goals] ;

how far , and in what manner , the other standard objectives of postwar macro policy — balance of payments equilibrium , low inflation , economic growth — were perceived and pursued .
how far , and in what manner , the other standard [aims/goals] of postwar macro policy — balance of payments equilibrium , low inflation , economic growth — were perceived and pursued .

The research , which forms part of a larger study of agricultural labour and technology in Britain in the 19th and 20th centuries , has three main objectives .
the research , which forms part of a larger study of agricultural labour and technology in britain in the 19th and 20th centuries , has three main [aims/goals] .

One major difficulty of such an approach is its inability to deal with multiple objectives .
one major difficulty of such an approach is its inability to deal with multiple [aims/goals] .

Much recent management research has pointed to the multi-dimensional objectives of large divisionalised companies where ownership is separated from management .
much recent management research has pointed to the multi-dimensional [aims/goals] of large divisionalised companies where ownership is separated from management .

Many Arts events , especially those with social rather than profit-making objectives , are finding that they are increasingly dependent on business sponsorship for their survival .
many arts events , especially those with social rather than profit-making [aims/goals] , are finding that they are increasingly dependent on business sponsorship for their survival .

Values , attitudes and objectives of managers in small and medium size firms
values , attitudes and [aims/goals] of managers in small and medium size firms

This proposal will examine this question by analysing the links between methods of employee participation in management decision taking and the achievement of organisational goals and objectives .
this proposal will examine this question by analysing the links between methods of employee participation in management decision taking and the achievement of organisational goals and [aims/goals] .

Second , analysis was carried out of the existing capabilities of the Management Committee with regard to what might be appropriate economic objectives for them .
second , analysis was carried out of the existing capabilities of the management committee with regard to what might be appropriate economic [aims/goals] for them .

Management objectives in the use of computing and information technologies
management [aims/goals] in the use of computing and information technologies

The consequences of technical change are influenced at least as much as by the objectives that managers seek to achieve in introducing change .
the consequences of technical change are influenced at least as much as by the [aims/goals] that managers seek to achieve in introducing change .

This research will explore how those management objectives are developed and implemented .
this research will explore how those management [aims/goals] are developed and implemented .

The objectives of the Unit as laid out in its constitution are as follows : to undertake industrial relations research of a long-term multidisciplinary character ; to contribute towards improving the quality of data and of understanding that is available for industrial relations policy-making by government , employers and trade unions ; to provide for a concentration of resources and continuity of work and thereby improve career opportunities for research workers and facilitate large-scale research projects ; to enhance the quality of industrial relations teaching and research activity of the School of Industrial and Business Studies ; to be a national and international centre for industrial relations research and to attract suitable visiting researchers and research students to the University .
the [aims/goals] of the unit as laid out in its constitution are as follows : to undertake industrial relations research of a long-term multidisciplinary character ; to contribute towards improving the quality of data and of understanding that is available for industrial relations policy-making by government , employers and trade unions ; to provide for a concentration of resources and continuity of work and thereby improve career opportunities for research workers and facilitate large-scale research projects ; to enhance the quality of industrial relations teaching and research activity of the school of industrial and business studies ; to be a national and international centre for industrial relations research and to attract suitable visiting researchers and research students to the university .

Further , problems also result from political factors ; there may be disagreements over goals or outside interests , say governments or unions , trying to impose their own objectives .
further , problems also result from political factors ; there may be disagreements over goals or outside interests , say governments or unions , trying to impose their own [aims/goals] .

The main objectives of the research are :
the main [aims/goals] of the research are :

The objectives of the research are to increase understanding of the problems and difficulties associated with implementing performance management in a single government policy area which straddles central government , local government and a range of statutory agencies ; and to evaluate those changing practices across a spectrum of organisations and thereby to assess the quality of approach in order to disseminate best practice .
the [aims/goals] of the research are to increase understanding of the problems and difficulties associated with implementing performance management in a single government policy area which straddles central government , local government and a range of statutory agencies ; and to evaluate those changing practices across a spectrum of organisations and thereby to assess the quality of approach in order to disseminate best practice .

The preparatory work includes definition of the survey sample , development of research methods , and liaison with industry , government and researchers in the field to elaborate research objectives , culminating in a seminar .
the preparatory work includes definition of the survey sample , development of research methods , and liaison with industry , government and researchers in the field to elaborate research [aims/goals] , culminating in a seminar .

The objectives of the research are to evaluate marketing and technological strategies and to monitor over time the dynamics of competitive rivalry and collaboration .
the [aims/goals] of the research are to evaluate marketing and technological strategies and to monitor over time the dynamics of competitive rivalry and collaboration .

The objectives of this short course programme are as follows :
the [aims/goals] of this short course programme are as follows :

The project will examine the economic principle that should govern the taxation of energy ( domestic and industrial fuels and motor fuel ) in the single European market , and will assess the range of effects ( including effects on industrial competitiveness , environmental objectives , income distribution and public revenues ) that would result from the adoption of various possible Community rules for the structure and level of energy taxes .
the project will examine the economic principle that should govern the taxation of energy ( domestic and industrial fuels and motor fuel ) in the single european market , and will assess the range of effects ( including effects on industrial competitiveness , environmental [aims/goals] , income distribution and public revenues ) that would result from the adoption of various possible community rules for the structure and level of energy taxes .

Specific Objectives :
specific [aims/goals] :

The aim of the research is to study the way the government has attempted to combine the various objectives , which , despite much talk in the past , have never been seriously linked , as planning had more or less disappeared over the period 1970-81 .
the aim of the research is to study the way the government has attempted to combine the various [aims/goals] , which , despite much talk in the past , have never been seriously linked , as planning had more or less disappeared over the period 1970-81 .

The main objectives of this research are to estimate the total costs of operating the tax system ; to estimate the benefits accruing to businesses as a result of the operation of the system ( particularly cash flow benefits ) ; to compare costs of operating the main taxes ; and to identify areas of high compliance costs with a view to their reduction .
the main [aims/goals] of this research are to estimate the total costs of operating the tax system ; to estimate the benefits accruing to businesses as a result of the operation of the system ( particularly cash flow benefits ) ; to compare costs of operating the main taxes ; and to identify areas of high compliance costs with a view to their reduction .

The third approach rejects the framework of one centralised decision maker and allows for the calculation of a dynamic non-regrettable Nash equilibrium for multiple agents with competing objectives .
the third approach rejects the framework of one centralised decision maker and allows for the calculation of a dynamic non-regrettable nash equilibrium for multiple agents with competing [aims/goals] .

The central objectives are to establish how Britain 's productivity compares with that of other advanced countries , to elucidate the factors contributing to the differences and to examine policy implications .
the central [aims/goals] are to establish how britain 's productivity compares with that of other advanced countries , to elucidate the factors contributing to the differences and to examine policy implications .

Its objectives are to clarify the role of scientists and engineers in the process of technological change .
its [aims/goals] are to clarify the role of scientists and engineers in the process of technological change .

The Group 's objectives and research strategy imply a continuously evolving work programme whose content may change as it is realised that particular issues ( or faults in past analyses ) are of more or less central importance .
the group 's [aims/goals] and research strategy imply a continuously evolving work programme whose content may change as it is realised that particular issues ( or faults in past analyses ) are of more or less central importance .

At the same time , governments have views on social objectives and on the level and extent of public production .
at the same time , governments have views on social [aims/goals] and on the level and extent of public production .

The problem is to raise additional income in a manner consistent with the government 's social objectives — with respect to income distribution , for example — as well as with planned levels of production , investment and public expenditure .
the problem is to raise additional income in a manner consistent with the government 's social [aims/goals] — with respect to income distribution , for example — as well as with planned levels of production , investment and public expenditure .

Objectives The objectives of the proposed study are as follows : 1 .
[aims/goals] the [aims/goals] of the proposed study are as follows : 1 .

What is the reality ? The research will seek the answer to that question by a detailed study of the exercise of the various police powers of search and seizure contained in the 1984 Act . The main objectives of the research are :
what is the reality ? the research will seek the answer to that question by a detailed study of the exercise of the various police powers of search and seizure contained in the 1984 act . the main [aims/goals] of the research are :

The Centre is committed to the concept of equality of all , irrespective of racial considerations , and strives to make all its aims and objectives consistent with an absolute opposition to racism in society .
the centre is committed to the concept of equality of all , irrespective of racial considerations , and strives to make all its aims and [aims/goals] consistent with an absolute opposition to racism in society .

The original objectives of the research were to :
the original [aims/goals] of the research were to :

There are four major objectives : i ) to investigate the channels of middle class entry into the case study rural areas , for example employer and developer activities leading to the influx of identifiable class fractions .
there are four major [aims/goals] : i ) to investigate the channels of middle class entry into the case study rural areas , for example employer and developer activities leading to the influx of identifiable class fractions .

The three main objectives of the study are , firstly to examine the nature of individual and collective responses to economic and social change in each area and the factors which influence them .
the three main [aims/goals] of the study are , firstly to examine the nature of individual and collective responses to economic and social change in each area and the factors which influence them .

This research project has three main objectives .
this research project has three main [aims/goals] .

The projects ' objectives are to provide an account of the social processes by which labour demands are generated , jobs formulated , personnel specifications developed and employees recruited and selected , and thus to increase our understanding of the ways in which people and jobs are matched in the labour market .
the projects ' [aims/goals] are to provide an account of the social processes by which labour demands are generated , jobs formulated , personnel specifications developed and employees recruited and selected , and thus to increase our understanding of the ways in which people and jobs are matched in the labour market .

Under the newly civilian government , policy making objectives are changing .
under the newly civilian government , policy making [aims/goals] are changing .

This project has two principal objectives .
this project has two principal [aims/goals] .

a particular focus on how and how far central-local relations are a means of articulating service policies ( objectives , goals and service paradigms ) — as opposed to resource controls , financing planning ( capital and revenue ) , and capital project design specifications — and the interaction of these different components of central-local relations ;
a particular focus on how and how far central-local relations are a means of articulating service policies ( [aims/goals] , goals and service paradigms ) — as opposed to resource controls , financing planning ( capital and revenue ) , and capital project design specifications — and the interaction of these different components of central-local relations ;

The overall study has tow main objectives .
the overall study has tow main [aims/goals] .

It rarely achieves its objectives in creating jobs or increasing production , and it contributes significantly to the tropical deforestation which is a current world concern .
it rarely achieves its [aims/goals] in creating jobs or increasing production , and it contributes significantly to the tropical deforestation which is a current world concern .

This project has three objectives : seeking links between the vocabularies and grammars of native languages and geometry and content of maps ; investigating native-white misunderstandings arising from the use of maps in negotiating , implementing and contesting land treaties ; and compiling and making available four data sets : contemporary accounts of native maps , mapping and map use ; native methods for representing distance , direction and distribution ; extant native maps ( including examples supposedly included in rock art ) ; and incorporations of native information on European and Euro-American maps .
this project has three [aims/goals] : seeking links between the vocabularies and grammars of native languages and geometry and content of maps ; investigating native-white misunderstandings arising from the use of maps in negotiating , implementing and contesting land treaties ; and compiling and making available four data sets : contemporary accounts of native maps , mapping and map use ; native methods for representing distance , direction and distribution ; extant native maps ( including examples supposedly included in rock art ) ; and incorporations of native information on european and euro-american maps .

The objectives of this research project are to assimilate and synthesise the data from all three surveys to provide an update of the regional and sectoral patterns of new technology diffusion between 1981 and 1993 .
the [aims/goals] of this research project are to assimilate and synthesise the data from all three surveys to provide an update of the regional and sectoral patterns of new technology diffusion between 1981 and 1993 .

The objectives of the proposed work are :
the [aims/goals] of the proposed work are :

The prime objectives of the research are to establish the determinants of higher fertility in the Province , the magnitude of the main fertility differentials , and likely trends in fertility in the short term future .
the prime [aims/goals] of the research are to establish the determinants of higher fertility in the province , the magnitude of the main fertility differentials , and likely trends in fertility in the short term future .

The proposed research has four main objectives .
the proposed research has four main [aims/goals] .

Within these initiatives , different objectives , participants , funding arrangements , and approaches have been identified .
within these initiatives , different [aims/goals] , participants , funding arrangements , and approaches have been identified .

The three components will enable the assessment of wider social , economic , and environmental objectives , as well as an assessment of the impact of an individual initiative .
the three components will enable the assessment of wider social , economic , and environmental [aims/goals] , as well as an assessment of the impact of an individual initiative .

The research results will have practical implications for improving the impact of existing energy conservation initiatives , duplicating successful approaches , and pursuing national energy conservation objectives .
the research results will have practical implications for improving the impact of existing energy conservation initiatives , duplicating successful approaches , and pursuing national energy conservation [aims/goals] .

One of the major objectives is to contribute to a better understanding of how the scientific constructs used to represent the objectives and practices of nature conservation in the United Kingdom can be communicated more effectively to the general public .
one of the major [aims/goals] is to contribute to a better understanding of how the scientific constructs used to represent the [aims/goals] and practices of nature conservation in the united kingdom can be communicated more effectively to the general public .

Most people — though not all — continue to vote tribally for objectives which , after nearly 25 years of conflict , are as far apart as ever .
most people — though not all — continue to vote tribally for [aims/goals] which , after nearly 25 years of conflict , are as far apart as ever .

First , bodies should determine a set of reasonable objectives to be achieved in the longer term , say over three to four years , for each of their areas of activity .
first , bodies should determine a set of reasonable [aims/goals] to be achieved in the longer term , say over three to four years , for each of their areas of activity .

Then they should establish sets of year-by-year targets , the achievement of which will carry them forward towards their ultimate objectives .
then they should establish sets of year-by-year targets , the achievement of which will carry them forward towards their ultimate [aims/goals] .

Shorter Term Objectives — ‘ How To Start Getting There ’
shorter term [aims/goals] — ‘ how to start getting there ’

The means by which progress is to be measured and assessed should be recorded within each set of targets and objectives , in each area of activity . In some they will be quite simple numerical calculations , for example :
the means by which progress is to be measured and assessed should be recorded within each set of targets and [aims/goals] , in each area of activity . in some they will be quite simple numerical calculations , for example :

Review of Objectives
review of [aims/goals]

The results of assessment will then determine whether short term objectives should be overhauled and re-stated .
the results of assessment will then determine whether short term [aims/goals] should be overhauled and re-stated .

The research points to the need for better targetting of assistance to achieve urban policy goals ; to the need for greater selectivity to reduce ‘ deadweight ’ spending and secure specific sectoral objectives ; and suggests the need for a strategic approach to co-ordinate the efforts of the various assistance agencies .
the research points to the need for better targetting of assistance to achieve urban policy goals ; to the need for greater selectivity to reduce ‘ deadweight ’ spending and secure specific sectoral [aims/goals] ; and suggests the need for a strategic approach to co-ordinate the efforts of the various assistance agencies .

The present research has three objectives .
the present research has three [aims/goals] .

the objectives of Soviet assistance — strategic , political and economic , and their relative success
the [aims/goals] of soviet assistance — strategic , political and economic , and their relative success

The primary objectives of this project are to identify the determinants and consequences of third world military expenditure over the period 1950 to the present .
the primary [aims/goals] of this project are to identify the determinants and consequences of third world military expenditure over the period 1950 to the present .

The project focuses on the manner and extent to which these interests can arrive at a common view on the objectives of vocational training .
the project focuses on the manner and extent to which these interests can arrive at a common view on the [aims/goals] of vocational training .

" Datachase " had three main objectives : to encourage young people to learn about environmental issues ; to help students develop presentation and creative skills through the use of computers , and to demonstrate how problems can often be most successfully solved as a result of collaborative effort .
" datachase " had three main [aims/goals] : to encourage young people to learn about environmental issues ; to help students develop presentation and creative skills through the use of computers , and to demonstrate how problems can often be most successfully solved as a result of collaborative effort .

They put down on paper where we are going with the reserve and how we should achieve our objectives . ``
they put down on paper where we are going with the reserve and how we should achieve our [aims/goals] . ``

Mr Gummer said : ‘ The proposals complement the range of environmental incentives already available to farmers and reflect the Government 's continuing commitment to caring for the countryside and to integrating environmental objectives into agricultural policy .
mr gummer said : ‘ the proposals complement the range of environmental incentives already available to farmers and reflect the government 's continuing commitment to caring for the countryside and to integrating environmental [aims/goals] into agricultural policy .

Within the framework of the Garden 's overall statutory objectives , information policies will help us to decide on resource allocation , improve the way we communicate with each other and with our ‘ users ’ , and provide feedback to Management and the Trustees on the way our resources are being used .
within the framework of the garden 's overall statutory [aims/goals] , information policies will help us to decide on resource allocation , improve the way we communicate with each other and with our ‘ users ’ , and provide feedback to management and the trustees on the way our resources are being used .

In the longer term , strategic planning reviews will ensure that the Library can modify its services in support of whatever strategic objectives the Garden wishes to implement .
in the longer term , strategic planning reviews will ensure that the library can modify its services in support of whatever strategic [aims/goals] the garden wishes to implement .

We need to ensure that such increases can be accommodated without conflicting with the core work carried out in support of our primary objectives .
we need to ensure that such increases can be accommodated without conflicting with the core work carried out in support of our primary [aims/goals] .

Management needs to establish policy guidelines for the Press and Media Relations Officer to work to ; some of the present activities are carried out reactively , in response to immediate situations and pressures , and pre-planning would assist in the integration of this work with our scientific , horticultural and business objectives .
management needs to establish policy guidelines for the press and media relations officer to work to ; some of the present activities are carried out reactively , in response to immediate situations and pressures , and pre-planning would assist in the integration of this work with our scientific , horticultural and business [aims/goals] .

It is suggested that the extremes of page lengths indicate confusion over the objectives set for the journal , between the publication of shorter papers and monographic articles .
it is suggested that the extremes of page lengths indicate confusion over the [aims/goals] set for the journal , between the publication of shorter papers and monographic articles .

There is scope for splitting the title into two series , reflecting these objectives .
there is scope for splitting the title into two series , reflecting these [aims/goals] .

The research or training outcomes will be clearly delineated , and the programme devised to ensure adequate monitoring of progress , use of the facilities , and the eventual attainment of the objectives .
the research or training outcomes will be clearly delineated , and the programme devised to ensure adequate monitoring of progress , use of the facilities , and the eventual attainment of the [aims/goals] .

Because of the differences in objectives , content , specialisation , publication frequency , readership and circulation sizes , among other factors , it would not be valid to compare measures of acceptance rates between Nature and the Scottish Journal of Geology to infer the relative impacts of papers published in these two journals .
because of the differences in [aims/goals] , content , specialisation , publication frequency , readership and circulation sizes , among other factors , it would not be valid to compare measures of acceptance rates between nature and the scottish journal of geology to infer the relative impacts of papers published in these two journals .

This may seem an aggressive approach , but it is important if personnel departments are to make advances in computerisation that everyone should be clear about the objectives .
this may seem an aggressive approach , but it is important if personnel departments are to make advances in computerisation that everyone should be clear about the [aims/goals] .

The objectives for the system were : ( i ) To design a " tailor made " computer system .
the [aims/goals] for the system were : ( i ) to design a " tailor made " computer system .

Were the objectives and special requirement achieved ?
were the [aims/goals] and special requirement achieved ?

Basically speaking , the objectives set for the system have been achieved , but like all other systems the achievement of those objectives brought with it other problems .
basically speaking , the [aims/goals] set for the system have been achieved , but like all other systems the achievement of those [aims/goals] brought with it other problems .

Rather , the true power of software lies in its ability to allow the user to achieve his objectives with minimal constraints and without undue effort .
rather , the true power of software lies in its ability to allow the user to achieve his [aims/goals] with minimal constraints and without undue effort .

Systems Requirements and Objectives
systems requirements and [aims/goals]

These policy objectives were regarded as inseparable , with excessive public expenditure allegedly leading to high levels of taxation , borrowing and ( via money supply growth and high interest rates ) inflation .
these policy [aims/goals] were regarded as inseparable , with excessive public expenditure allegedly leading to high levels of taxation , borrowing and ( via money supply growth and high interest rates ) inflation .

The families in these traps are enmeshed in a web of overlapping tax schedules and benefit thresholds , developed and administered by two separate departments ( Department of Social Security and the Treasury ) with differing objectives in mind .
the families in these traps are enmeshed in a web of overlapping tax schedules and benefit thresholds , developed and administered by two separate departments ( department of social security and the treasury ) with differing [aims/goals] in mind .

The Bank , in its daily dealings , attempts to reconcile these two separate objectives .
the bank , in its daily dealings , attempts to reconcile these two separate [aims/goals] .

The Bank buys and sells daily in the market in a manner which is designed both to achieve its interest rate objectives ( see Ch .
the bank buys and sells daily in the market in a manner which is designed both to achieve its interest rate [aims/goals] ( see ch .

An in-house lawyer is usually better placed than an outside lawyer to give the advice which will most benefit his client ; he should have sufficient knowledge of his employer 's structure , resources and commercial objectives to enable him to give advice geared specifically to his client 's needs , which will not always be the same as the ‘ standard ’ legal advice .
an in-house lawyer is usually better placed than an outside lawyer to give the advice which will most benefit his client ; he should have sufficient knowledge of his employer 's structure , resources and commercial [aims/goals] to enable him to give advice geared specifically to his client 's needs , which will not always be the same as the ‘ standard ’ legal advice .

This is particularly so with respect to commercial and financial objectives , which will require different management and operational styles .
this is particularly so with respect to commercial and financial [aims/goals] , which will require different management and operational styles .

Our approach to safety training via this route is compatible with the Wood Group competency standards policy as the objectives are to have competent staff in each division who hold nationally recognised qualifications .
our approach to safety training via this route is compatible with the wood group competency standards policy as the [aims/goals] are to have competent staff in each division who hold nationally recognised qualifications .

We place great importance on individual job and performance objectives reflecting the organisation 's overall business aims .
we place great importance on individual job and performance [aims/goals] reflecting the organisation 's overall business aims .

There is also general recognition that for many years prisons have failed to meet these objectives .
there is also general recognition that for many years prisons have failed to meet these [aims/goals] .

Top management is represented by the centre circle and has the responsibility of arriving at and promulgating the corporate plan defining the company objectives .
top management is represented by the centre circle and has the responsibility of arriving at and promulgating the corporate plan defining the company [aims/goals] .

Departmental objectives are required to harmonize with these .
departmental [aims/goals] are required to harmonize with these .

Goals and objectives are similar in that both provide a direction and a target for company or departmental activities .
goals and [aims/goals] are similar in that both provide a direction and a target for company or departmental activities .

The starting point of the series is a statement of company objectives as the basis of a company strategy .
the starting point of the series is a statement of company [aims/goals] as the basis of a company strategy .

Further discussion and analysis refines these descriptions until they can be converted into company objectives .
further discussion and analysis refines these descriptions until they can be converted into company [aims/goals] .

The departments involved must now look closely at the stated objectives and work out how they will discharge their responsibilities , going round the loop until there is agreement that this can be done .
the departments involved must now look closely at the stated [aims/goals] and work out how they will discharge their responsibilities , going round the loop until there is agreement that this can be done .

Alternatively , if this agreement is not reached , the objectives reached in node 3 must be reconsidered .
alternatively , if this agreement is not reached , the [aims/goals] reached in node 3 must be reconsidered .

The objectives thus agreed can probably be achieved in more than one way .
the [aims/goals] thus agreed can probably be achieved in more than one way .

The progress of the design chosen — as with that of the marketing activities in support of the launch — at node 8 is monitored at node 9 and control actions decided by comparison with the objectives established at node 3 .
the progress of the design chosen — as with that of the marketing activities in support of the launch — at node 8 is monitored at node 9 and control actions decided by comparison with the [aims/goals] established at node 3 .

Use of the ratios as measures of the efficiency of individual managers should be treated with great caution unless they are part of a well-thought-out scheme of key results and objectives for individuals .
use of the ratios as measures of the efficiency of individual managers should be treated with great caution unless they are part of a well-thought-out scheme of key results and [aims/goals] for individuals .

Having ranked the proposals in order of compatibility with company objectives it remains to establish the order of priority in terms of return on investment .
having ranked the proposals in order of compatibility with company [aims/goals] it remains to establish the order of priority in terms of return on investment .

We also recognise that highly trained and motivated people are critical to the achievement of our objectives .
we also recognise that highly trained and motivated people are critical to the achievement of our [aims/goals] .

Although part of the same expedition , Gould 's and Sturt 's different objectives led them to work independently .
although part of the same expedition , gould 's and sturt 's different [aims/goals] led them to work independently .

When a medical condition is taken as central to Disabled people 's lives , every thing is tinged with therapeutic objectives .
when a medical condition is taken as central to disabled people 's lives , every thing is tinged with therapeutic [aims/goals] .

To put all this another way , Chicago represented for its sociologists an ideal case study area in which to test the grand theories of sociology ; the changing social relations resulting from a shift from a pre-industrial to an industrial society , the effects this had on the individual and what Goffman was later to call the ‘ moral careers ’ of people as they managed ( or indeed failed to manage ) with the circumstances and institutions in which they were caught up . How did the Chicago School actually achieve these objectives ?
to put all this another way , chicago represented for its sociologists an ideal case study area in which to test the grand theories of sociology ; the changing social relations resulting from a shift from a pre-industrial to an industrial society , the effects this had on the individual and what goffman was later to call the ‘ moral careers ’ of people as they managed ( or indeed failed to manage ) with the circumstances and institutions in which they were caught up . how did the chicago school actually achieve these [aims/goals] ?

They will tend to stress long term objectives such as growth in assets , profitability , the degree and nature of diversification , earnings per share and social responsibility , and may specify the mission statement .
they will tend to stress long term [aims/goals] such as growth in assets , profitability , the degree and nature of diversification , earnings per share and social responsibility , and may specify the mission statement .

Develop a formal plan : set objectives and policies in relation to the achievement of organisational goals and thereby enable the effective and efficient deployment of resources .
develop a formal plan : set [aims/goals] and policies in relation to the achievement of organisational goals and thereby enable the effective and efficient deployment of resources .

Better to eat off an orange box and get pleasure from a plant than to spend the money on a cheap and nasty table which is going to be an unsatisfactory stopgap Save money and effort right at the start by sorting out priorities — which should include enjoying the room you live in — and try not to stray too far from your original objectives .
better to eat off an orange box and get pleasure from a plant than to spend the money on a cheap and nasty table which is going to be an unsatisfactory stopgap save money and effort right at the start by sorting out priorities — which should include enjoying the room you live in — and try not to stray too far from your original [aims/goals] .

Then , to complete a theoretical framework for the objectives described in the introductory chapter , some of the relevant literature on reflectance and fluorescence measurement will be discussed .
then , to complete a theoretical framework for the [aims/goals] described in the introductory chapter , some of the relevant literature on reflectance and fluorescence measurement will be discussed .

The objectives were to obtain some feeling for this environment , and also to compare the readings at various angles of view .
the [aims/goals] were to obtain some feeling for this environment , and also to compare the readings at various angles of view .

In practice , governments face a conflict between the objectives of equity and efficiency .
in practice , governments face a conflict between the [aims/goals] of equity and efficiency .

As we pointed out in the last chapter , not only is the amount of redistribution to be undertaken by the government a pure value judgement on which different individuals and different political parties will disagree , but there is an inevitable trade-off between the competing objectives of efficiency and equity .
as we pointed out in the last chapter , not only is the amount of redistribution to be undertaken by the government a pure value judgement on which different individuals and different political parties will disagree , but there is an inevitable trade-off between the competing [aims/goals] of efficiency and equity .

Similarly , at various times nationalized industries have been instructed to pursue social objectives or to help implement incomes policy by holding their price increases to less than the general inflation rate .
similarly , at various times nationalized industries have been instructed to pursue social [aims/goals] or to help implement incomes policy by holding their price increases to less than the general inflation rate .

‘ Quite frankly , our ‘ program ’ is nothing but a hotchpotch of irreconcilable and conflicting elements and objectives ; it reduces economics to a farce , ’ writes Budhoo .
‘ quite frankly , our ‘ program ’ is nothing but a hotchpotch of irreconcilable and conflicting elements and [aims/goals] ; it reduces economics to a farce , ’ writes budhoo .

The implementation of key targets as operational components of the new strategy — and hence also of the process of negotiation — may be conceived in the time frame of a decade but only in the form of a dynamic process , with different time frames for different components , and with an in-built and effective mechanism for review and reappraisal , leading to adjustments and correctives whenever the strategy is seen to deflect from the goals and objectives of development for which it was devised .
the implementation of key targets as operational components of the new strategy — and hence also of the process of negotiation — may be conceived in the time frame of a decade but only in the form of a dynamic process , with different time frames for different components , and with an in-built and effective mechanism for review and reappraisal , leading to adjustments and correctives whenever the strategy is seen to deflect from the goals and [aims/goals] of development for which it was devised .

One of our objectives should be to utilise labour resources , which are valuable to this country .
one of our [aims/goals] should be to utilise labour resources , which are valuable to this country .

In a competitive climate , it has short-term objectives .
in a competitive climate , it has short-term [aims/goals] .

If farmers are unfairly forced out of business in the less-favoured areas , the social objectives , let alone the economic objectives , of the common agricultural policy can not be met .
if farmers are unfairly forced out of business in the less-favoured areas , the social [aims/goals] , let alone the economic [aims/goals] , of the common agricultural policy can not be met .

While we must get closer to the market , the proposals continue to ignore the reality of market forces in a misguided attempt to solve undesirable social objectives .
while we must get closer to the market , the proposals continue to ignore the reality of market forces in a misguided attempt to solve undesirable social [aims/goals] .

It goes on to state : ’ The undersigned eleven have agreed ’ to article 117 , which states : ’ The Community and its Member States shall have as their objectives the promotion of employment , improved living and working conditions , proper social protection , dialogue between management and labour , the development of human resources with a view to lasting high employment and the combating of exclusion . ’
it goes on to state : ’ the undersigned eleven have agreed ’ to article 117 , which states : ’ the community and its member states shall have as their [aims/goals] the promotion of employment , improved living and working conditions , proper social protection , dialogue between management and labour , the development of human resources with a view to lasting high employment and the combating of exclusion . ’

Is it because the Labour party does not believe that it could convince the people , on its own terms , that those are meritorious things to do ? We must ask the question , why ? Is it because the Labour party feels that it could not convince the people but could achieve its objectives through a centralist bureaucracy in Europe — rather than through argument and persuading its own people ?
is it because the labour party does not believe that it could convince the people , on its own terms , that those are meritorious things to do ? we must ask the question , why ? is it because the labour party feels that it could not convince the people but could achieve its [aims/goals] through a centralist bureaucracy in europe — rather than through argument and persuading its own people ?

In practice , however , the scheme does not meet its objectives .
in practice , however , the scheme does not meet its [aims/goals] .

That being the case , we are right to ask what the Bill 's objectives really are .
that being the case , we are right to ask what the bill 's [aims/goals] really are .

We need the right finance and the right structure , but above all we need the right objectives .
we need the right finance and the right structure , but above all we need the right [aims/goals] .

The Bill has twin objectives — the reduction of road casualties in built-up areas , particularly among the young and the elderly , and the improvement of the road environment near where people live .
the bill has twin [aims/goals] — the reduction of road casualties in built-up areas , particularly among the young and the elderly , and the improvement of the road environment near where people live .

Does my hon. Friend agree that it would be regrettable if the objectives of local school management could not be met because of inadequate funding ? Is he aware that there are problems not only in respect of teachers ' salaries , actual as opposed to average , but in respect of responsibility for the funding of the older village primary schools which predominate in rural areas ? There is a clash here between the local authority and the governors .
does my hon. friend agree that it would be regrettable if the [aims/goals] of local school management could not be met because of inadequate funding ? is he aware that there are problems not only in respect of teachers ' salaries , actual as opposed to average , but in respect of responsibility for the funding of the older village primary schools which predominate in rural areas ? there is a clash here between the local authority and the governors .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the key to short-termism can often be found in the contracts which senior executives and directors write for themselves , concentrating on achieving short-term profit objectives to sustain a share price ? Does he agree that there is an important role in publicly quoted company board rooms for non-executive directors to ensure that companies ' long-term interests are reflected in management agreements with senior executives ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the key to short-termism can often be found in the contracts which senior executives and directors write for themselves , concentrating on achieving short-term profit [aims/goals] to sustain a share price ? does he agree that there is an important role in publicly quoted company board rooms for non-executive directors to ensure that companies ' long-term interests are reflected in management agreements with senior executives ?

Gentleman has suggested , or to lose sight of either of those objectives , would be extremely unwise .
gentleman has suggested , or to lose sight of either of those [aims/goals] , would be extremely unwise .

It achieved its objectives more swiftly and with less bloodshed than anyone could possibly have imagined .
it achieved its [aims/goals] more swiftly and with less bloodshed than anyone could possibly have imagined .

Gentleman 's view that he should have further powers to achieve his objectives .
gentleman 's view that he should have further powers to achieve his [aims/goals] .

However successful British Coal is in the future in building on its outstanding success in recent years and improving productivity , one of its basic problems is that it can sell only coal . Should not one of the objectives of our privatisation programme be to give British Coal , or whoever the private company may be , the freedom to produce electricity from its coal and to sell that electricity through the national grid ?
however successful british coal is in the future in building on its outstanding success in recent years and improving productivity , one of its basic problems is that it can sell only coal . should not one of the [aims/goals] of our privatisation programme be to give british coal , or whoever the private company may be , the freedom to produce electricity from its coal and to sell that electricity through the national grid ?

As for the question on the Order Paper , we have two linked objectives .
as for the question on the order paper , we have two linked [aims/goals] .

To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs what are the Government 's objectives for the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in Rio de Janeiro .
to ask the secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs what are the government 's [aims/goals] for the united nations conference on environment and development in rio de janeiro .

Is my hon. Friend aware that British Steel 's productivity woud be fatally crippled by Labour 's absurd proposal to ban coal imports ? Is he aware that 50 per cent . of imported coal goes directly to British Steel and that that coal is not currently available in the United Kingdom ? Should not the Labour party occasionally pause and think before announcing ridiculous objectives which would cost so many British jobs ?
is my hon. friend aware that british steel 's productivity woud be fatally crippled by labour 's absurd proposal to ban coal imports ? is he aware that 50 per cent . of imported coal goes directly to british steel and that that coal is not currently available in the united kingdom ? should not the labour party occasionally pause and think before announcing ridiculous [aims/goals] which would cost so many british jobs ?

On the question of democracy in the republic of South Africa , does the right hon. Lady agree that our objective should be to ensure that the white electorate fully appreciates that South Africa will face unprecedented international isolation should there be a ’ No ’ vote in this month 's referendum ? Should not we support the negotiating process now under way through the Conference for a Democratic South Africa , and so secure the maintenance of international pressure for rapid progress towards a new , genuinely democratic constitutional order ? Will those be the objectives of this Government this month , as they will be the objectives of the Labour Government next month ?
on the question of democracy in the republic of south africa , does the right hon. lady agree that our objective should be to ensure that the white electorate fully appreciates that south africa will face unprecedented international isolation should there be a ’ no ’ vote in this month 's referendum ? should not we support the negotiating process now under way through the conference for a democratic south africa , and so secure the maintenance of international pressure for rapid progress towards a new , genuinely democratic constitutional order ? will those be the [aims/goals] of this government this month , as they will be the [aims/goals] of the labour government next month ?

The Gracious Speech is that annual event when our Queen and her Government set out for this Parliament those national and international policies that are in the best interests of the United Kingdom , and only the United Kingdom , whether they relate to domestic legislation , to our defence commitments or to those foreign policy objectives which , to quote my right hon .
the gracious speech is that annual event when our queen and her government set out for this parliament those national and international policies that are in the best interests of the united kingdom , and only the united kingdom , whether they relate to domestic legislation , to our defence commitments or to those foreign policy [aims/goals] which , to quote my right hon .

Quite simply , not only do we and they not share common objectives , but we do not even make similar appraisals of world events , as the President of France demonstrated at the time of the coup in Moscow , when he seemed willing to negotiate with the coup 's leaders .
quite simply , not only do we and they not share common [aims/goals] , but we do not even make similar appraisals of world events , as the president of france demonstrated at the time of the coup in moscow , when he seemed willing to negotiate with the coup 's leaders .

The two objectives are designed to achieve the same end .
the two [aims/goals] are designed to achieve the same end .

Those objectives are scarcely controversial .
those [aims/goals] are scarcely controversial .

Let us then examine the progress that the Government have made towards achieving those objectives .
let us then examine the progress that the government have made towards achieving those [aims/goals] .

Our Bills are all of a part with those objectives praised by my hon. Friends the Members for Elmet ( Mr. Batiste ) and for Saffron Walden ( Mr. Haselhurst ) — the drive to get better standards back into our education system , to increase yet further the participation of our young people , and to match the quality of education and training provided by our competitors abroad .
our bills are all of a part with those [aims/goals] praised by my hon. friends the members for elmet ( mr. batiste ) and for saffron walden ( mr. haselhurst ) — the drive to get better standards back into our education system , to increase yet further the participation of our young people , and to match the quality of education and training provided by our competitors abroad .

Obviously , there is room for debate about the means of achieving those objectives and how accommodating our criteria should be .
obviously , there is room for debate about the means of achieving those [aims/goals] and how accommodating our criteria should be .

There can hardly ever have been a piece of legislation that has so utterly failed to achieve its stated objectives .
there can hardly ever have been a piece of legislation that has so utterly failed to achieve its stated [aims/goals] .

The Bill is certainly necessary , although it is rather late and its fundamental objectives are rather weak .
the bill is certainly necessary , although it is rather late and its fundamental [aims/goals] are rather weak .

They are clear about their objectives ; they know what they want .
they are clear about their [aims/goals] ; they know what they want .

One that keeps recurring is that the Community to which we still belong remains an economic community , devoted only to economic objectives .
one that keeps recurring is that the community to which we still belong remains an economic community , devoted only to economic [aims/goals] .

It has more than fulfilled its founding fathers ' two objectives : to rebuild the economy of a shattered Europe , and to bury the hatchet between France and Germany and so bind together the nations of Europe that they would never go to war again .
it has more than fulfilled its founding fathers ' two [aims/goals] : to rebuild the economy of a shattered europe , and to bury the hatchet between france and germany and so bind together the nations of europe that they would never go to war again .

Member for Ruislip-Northwood ( Mr. Wilkinson ) intervened in the Prime Minister 's speech and asked him to specify the Government 's aims and objectives at Maastricht .
member for ruislip-northwood ( mr. wilkinson ) intervened in the prime minister 's speech and asked him to specify the government 's aims and [aims/goals] at maastricht .

We still do not know what the Government 's aims and objectives at Maastricht are .
we still do not know what the government 's aims and [aims/goals] at maastricht are .

Friend the Lord President of the Council immediately announced that we would introduce a Government Bill to achieve the main objectives of the private Bill .
friend the lord president of the council immediately announced that we would introduce a government bill to achieve the main [aims/goals] of the private bill .

X-inefficiency can result if bureaucrats pursue their own self-interest , rather than the objectives of the electorate or the politicians , or of the clients being directly served by the organization .
x-inefficiency can result if bureaucrats pursue their own self-interest , rather than the [aims/goals] of the electorate or the politicians , or of the clients being directly served by the organization .

Political decisions emerge from the interaction of groups who have conflicting objectives as well as mutually advantageous bargains to make with each other .
political decisions emerge from the interaction of groups who have conflicting [aims/goals] as well as mutually advantageous bargains to make with each other .

[ … ] The decision-makers have no agreed set of objectives or common definition of social welfare .
[ … ] the decision-makers have no agreed set of [aims/goals] or common definition of social welfare .

Pluralist political decision-making also contrasts with decisions taken by non-political units , such as households or firms , where the decision-makers are much more likely to have a common set of objectives and so are able to follow rational decision-making procedures .
pluralist political decision-making also contrasts with decisions taken by non-political units , such as households or firms , where the decision-makers are much more likely to have a common set of [aims/goals] and so are able to follow rational decision-making procedures .

Because decision-makers in the political arena have conflicting objectives , policy measures are not chosen with a view to maximizing some conception of social welfare , but emerge as the result of implicit and explicit bargaining between the political interests .
because decision-makers in the political arena have conflicting [aims/goals] , policy measures are not chosen with a view to maximizing some conception of social welfare , but emerge as the result of implicit and explicit bargaining between the political interests .

However , taking account of dignity requires the acceptance of any necessary trade-offs between it and other valued objectives .
however , taking account of dignity requires the acceptance of any necessary trade-offs between it and other valued [aims/goals] .

Objectives
[aims/goals]

This project has three objectives : to investigate how accurately parents and their adolescent children can predict each other 's thinking over complex moral and social problems ; to assess whether the degree of such accuracy is related to the nature and extent of parent-adolescent conflicts , and to test whether an individual at one level of cognitive development can describe the view of another person who is assumed to be at a higher level .
this project has three [aims/goals] : to investigate how accurately parents and their adolescent children can predict each other 's thinking over complex moral and social problems ; to assess whether the degree of such accuracy is related to the nature and extent of parent-adolescent conflicts , and to test whether an individual at one level of cognitive development can describe the view of another person who is assumed to be at a higher level .

The objectives are ,
the [aims/goals] are ,

The objectives of this project are to open up new theoretical insights and practical applications in the field of industrial fault diagnosis by investigating the advantages and disadvantages of a major departure from the way in which the diagnostic problem
the [aims/goals] of this project are to open up new theoretical insights and practical applications in the field of industrial fault diagnosis by investigating the advantages and disadvantages of a major departure from the way in which the diagnostic problem

That the two objectives are interdependent can be demonstrated by examining the first objective .
that the two [aims/goals] are interdependent can be demonstrated by examining the first objective .

Both classification schemes and alphabetical indexing languages fulfil both of the basic objectives of a subject device .
both classification schemes and alphabetical indexing languages fulfil both of the basic [aims/goals] of a subject device .

Nevertheless , as will be amply demonstrated throughout the remaining chapters in Part 11 , all subject devices must attempt to fulfil both objectives .
nevertheless , as will be amply demonstrated throughout the remaining chapters in part 11 , all subject devices must attempt to fulfil both [aims/goals] .

We have begun to identify , then , two conflicting objectives which are present in any search .
we have begun to identify , then , two conflicting [aims/goals] which are present in any search .

In practice , it is not possible to achieve these twin objectives simultaneously .
in practice , it is not possible to achieve these twin [aims/goals] simultaneously .

Before examining the two main means of constructing classification schedules , it is as well to consider what the objectives of the designer of a classification scheme should be .
before examining the two main means of constructing classification schedules , it is as well to consider what the [aims/goals] of the designer of a classification scheme should be .

The Dewey Decimal Classification Online Project is the most substantial piece of research available on the use of classification in online catalogues . The project was carried out in 1984 85 , with the following objectives :
the dewey decimal classification online project is the most substantial piece of research available on the use of classification in online catalogues . the project was carried out in 1984 85 , with the following [aims/goals] :

Having established a distinction between social movements and organized political formations , and indicated in a preliminary way the characteristics of social movements , it would not be too difficult to construct a typology of such movements , as a number of writers have attempted , in terms of their size ( number of participants ) , range ( local , national , international ) , duration , objectives ( specific or general , directed toward transforming individuals or supra-individual systems ) and so on .
having established a distinction between social movements and organized political formations , and indicated in a preliminary way the characteristics of social movements , it would not be too difficult to construct a typology of such movements , as a number of writers have attempted , in terms of their size ( number of participants ) , range ( local , national , international ) , duration , [aims/goals] ( specific or general , directed toward transforming individuals or supra-individual systems ) and so on .

The doctrine , which may be concerned with national liberation , the emancipation of a class , the emancipation of women or some other general aim which is felt to be important by large numbers of people , has also to include or be founded upon a social theory which can elucidate the principal issues , clarify the objectives and ways of attaining them , and outline alternative forms of society .
the doctrine , which may be concerned with national liberation , the emancipation of a class , the emancipation of women or some other general aim which is felt to be important by large numbers of people , has also to include or be founded upon a social theory which can elucidate the principal issues , clarify the [aims/goals] and ways of attaining them , and outline alternative forms of society .

The social movements of the 1960s were relatively unsuccessful in producing such doctrines in a coherent form ; and the student movement , in particular , came to an end in a welter of conflicting views about the agencies and objectives of radical social change , beset by arguments about its own relation to the working-class movement , about the importance of cultural as against economic and structural changes in society , and about the role of violence in movements for social change .
the social movements of the 1960s were relatively unsuccessful in producing such doctrines in a coherent form ; and the student movement , in particular , came to an end in a welter of conflicting views about the agencies and [aims/goals] of radical social change , beset by arguments about its own relation to the working-class movement , about the importance of cultural as against economic and structural changes in society , and about the role of violence in movements for social change .

In particular , there is no clear relationship between the level of the differential and the objectives of the union ( whether , for example , it is in the interests of the union members to achieve a higher premium ) .
in particular , there is no clear relationship between the level of the differential and the [aims/goals] of the union ( whether , for example , it is in the interests of the union members to achieve a higher premium ) .

The representation of market power in terms of a simple mark-up pricing rule is crude and has not been related explicitly to the objectives of the firm .
the representation of market power in terms of a simple mark-up pricing rule is crude and has not been related explicitly to the [aims/goals] of the firm .

Among the areas where further development is needed before the analysis can be taken further are the objectives of unions ( Section 7–2 ) , oligopolistic behaviour ( Section 7–3 ) , and satisfactory models of macroeconomic disequilibrium ( Section 7–5 ) .
among the areas where further development is needed before the analysis can be taken further are the [aims/goals] of unions ( section 7–2 ) , oligopolistic behaviour ( section 7–3 ) , and satisfactory models of macroeconomic disequilibrium ( section 7–5 ) .

This Lecture has had two primary objectives .
this lecture has had two primary [aims/goals] .

Individuals decide how to vote , and the objectives of the individual bureaucrat guide his behaviour in carrying out decisions .
individuals decide how to vote , and the [aims/goals] of the individual bureaucrat guide his behaviour in carrying out decisions .

In the bureaucratic models , the objectives of those who administer legislation may diverge from those of voters or politicians .
in the bureaucratic models , the [aims/goals] of those who administer legislation may diverge from those of voters or politicians .

The aim of such models is to explain how the constraints and incentives implied by the institutional structure affect the working out of divergent objectives .
the aim of such models is to explain how the constraints and incentives implied by the institutional structure affect the working out of divergent [aims/goals] .

With the simple voting framework , the voter has to form a judgement about the trade-offs between different objectives , for example , the level of taxes needed to finance a proposed spending programme .
with the simple voting framework , the voter has to form a judgement about the trade-offs between different [aims/goals] , for example , the level of taxes needed to finance a proposed spending programme .

For instance , a distinction may be drawn in terms of the nature of objectives .
for instance , a distinction may be drawn in terms of the nature of [aims/goals] .

In public administration , on the other hand , objectives are more complicated , with the intentions of legislators being much less straightforward and those in charge having discretion in implementing policy .
in public administration , on the other hand , [aims/goals] are more complicated , with the intentions of legislators being much less straightforward and those in charge having discretion in implementing policy .

As we have emphasized earlier , the objectives of the firm become much more complex once we allow for incomplete markets and for differences between shareholders in their beliefs and objectives .
as we have emphasized earlier , the [aims/goals] of the firm become much more complex once we allow for incomplete markets and for differences between shareholders in their beliefs and [aims/goals] .

There may be conflicts of interest between managers and shareholders , and the managers may have latitude to interpret the wishes of the owners and to pursue their own objectives .
there may be conflicts of interest between managers and shareholders , and the managers may have latitude to interpret the wishes of the owners and to pursue their own [aims/goals] .

Both are responsible to ultimate decision-makers ( shareholders and legislators ) , but there is a degree of ambiguity about objectives which allows latitude to those managing the firm/agency .
both are responsible to ultimate decision-makers ( shareholders and legislators ) , but there is a degree of ambiguity about [aims/goals] which allows latitude to those managing the firm/agency .

As we show in Part Two , there are likely to be many cases where we need to consider jointly two or more objectives .
as we show in part two , there are likely to be many cases where we need to consider jointly two or more [aims/goals] .

Here we simply give some examples of the ways in which independent agency objectives , coupled with limited control , may affect the behaviour of the government .
here we simply give some examples of the ways in which independent agency [aims/goals] , coupled with limited control , may affect the behaviour of the government .

In particular , the adoption of zero-base budgeting , so that the reversion level becomes zero spending rather than that previously agreed , may lead to an increase in the agency 's ability to pursue its own objectives — rather than the decrease commonly supposed .
in particular , the adoption of zero-base budgeting , so that the reversion level becomes zero spending rather than that previously agreed , may lead to an increase in the agency 's ability to pursue its own [aims/goals] — rather than the decrease commonly supposed .

It is a part of Britain 's case that when she joined the Community , economic objectives were the only ones on offer .
it is a part of britain 's case that when she joined the community , economic [aims/goals] were the only ones on offer .

At the time of writing , therefore , the Electricity and Gas Directives with their very limited objectives ( as seen at least through British eyes ) are blocked by a majority led by the French and the Germans .
at the time of writing , therefore , the electricity and gas directives with their very limited [aims/goals] ( as seen at least through british eyes ) are blocked by a majority led by the french and the germans .

At its root it is explained by a divergence of certain fundamental objectives between different Member States .
at its root it is explained by a divergence of certain fundamental [aims/goals] between different member states .

The essential question , of course , is that of who is to determine ‘ what is necessary to achieve the objectives of the Treaty ’ .
the essential question , of course , is that of who is to determine ‘ what is necessary to achieve the [aims/goals] of the treaty ’ .

The stated objectives of this Union include ‘ to assert its identity on the international scene ’ , ‘ to develop close cooperation on justice and home affairs ’ and to ‘ maintain in full and build upon the acquis communautaire ’ ( i.e .
the stated [aims/goals] of this union include ‘ to assert its identity on the international scene ’ , ‘ to develop close cooperation on justice and home affairs ’ and to ‘ maintain in full and build upon the acquis communautaire ’ ( i.e .

In areas which do not fall within its exclusive competence , the Community shall take action , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , only if and in so far as the objectives of the proposed action can not be sufficiently achieved by the Member States and can therefore , by reason of the scale or effects of the proposed action , be better achieved by the Community .
in areas which do not fall within its exclusive competence , the community shall take action , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , only if and in so far as the [aims/goals] of the proposed action can not be sufficiently achieved by the member states and can therefore , by reason of the scale or effects of the proposed action , be better achieved by the community .

The following are defined as matters of common interest ‘ for the purposes of achieving the objectives of the Union ’ :
the following are defined as matters of common interest ‘ for the purposes of achieving the [aims/goals] of the union ’ :

Community action will be allowed wherever such ‘ objectives of the proposed action ’ , such as a high level of social protection under Article 2 , would ‘ be better achieved by the Community .
community action will be allowed wherever such ‘ [aims/goals] of the proposed action ’ , such as a high level of social protection under article 2 , would ‘ be better achieved by the community .

Therefore , the concept of centralisation will apply even where something concerns only one Member State if it conforms with the objectives of the Maastricht Treaty .
therefore , the concept of centralisation will apply even where something concerns only one member state if it conforms with the [aims/goals] of the maastricht treaty .

Unmounted peels can also be examined with high power objectives which have smaller working distances than glass mounting plates .
unmounted peels can also be examined with high power [aims/goals] which have smaller working distances than glass mounting plates .

Measuring or Universal Stage objectives are usually suitable .
measuring or universal stage [aims/goals] are usually suitable .

With the Nuclide Luminoscope® , a standard glass coverslip may be used in the recessed viewing window when the thicker lead glass window does not allow the shorter working distance objectives to focus .
with the nuclide luminoscope® , a standard glass coverslip may be used in the recessed viewing window when the thicker lead glass window does not allow the shorter working distance [aims/goals] to focus .

The advertisement will give some indication of the objectives of the trust .
the advertisement will give some indication of the [aims/goals] of the trust .

This deed specifies the objectives of the trust and lays down broad conditions governing the management of the funds .
this deed specifies the [aims/goals] of the trust and lays down broad conditions governing the management of the funds .

It recommended that a government minister be appointed to co-ordinate the work of all departments concerned with youth affairs , and that there should be more funding and clearer national objectives .
it recommended that a government minister be appointed to co-ordinate the work of all departments concerned with youth affairs , and that there should be more funding and clearer national [aims/goals] .

This Circular withdrew Circular 10/70 , and reaffirmed the ( Labour ) government 's objectives of ending selection at 11 plus and creating a unified system of secondary education .
this circular withdrew circular 10/70 , and reaffirmed the ( labour ) government 's [aims/goals] of ending selection at 11 plus and creating a unified system of secondary education .

During her reign the proportion of government revenue spent on civilian and ‘ welfare ’ objectives as opposed to military ones rose substantially .
during her reign the proportion of government revenue spent on civilian and ‘ welfare ’ [aims/goals] as opposed to military ones rose substantially .

His objectives were no more original than his political ideas .
his [aims/goals] were no more original than his political ideas .

The declared objectives of the curriculum focus on traditional mathematical topics — things like area , ratio , percentage , simple and compound interest rates , algebra , measurement and the manipulation of statistics .
the declared [aims/goals] of the curriculum focus on traditional mathematical topics — things like area , ratio , percentage , simple and compound interest rates , algebra , measurement and the manipulation of statistics .

The second of these conclusions is important if teachers and syllabuses are to meet the objectives of mathematics education which are outlined by Cockcroft in relation to relevance .
the second of these conclusions is important if teachers and syllabuses are to meet the [aims/goals] of mathematics education which are outlined by cockcroft in relation to relevance .

They decided to discuss each group of objectives to clarify their meaning and find suitable assessments and organised occasional teaching in pairs to agree criteria .
they decided to discuss each group of [aims/goals] to clarify their meaning and find suitable assessments and organised occasional teaching in pairs to agree criteria .

What pupils and parents require is some notion of progress in relation to other people , that is norm-referenced data ; in relation to mathematical objectives , that is criterion-referenced data ; and in relation to pupils ' own earlier performances .
what pupils and parents require is some notion of progress in relation to other people , that is norm-referenced data ; in relation to mathematical [aims/goals] , that is criterion-referenced data ; and in relation to pupils ' own earlier performances .

The first , concerned with the objectives of professional development , has at one pole the intention to improve existing practices , whilst at its other is the desire to make radical changes to classroom practice .
the first , concerned with the [aims/goals] of professional development , has at one pole the intention to improve existing practices , whilst at its other is the desire to make radical changes to classroom practice .

Firstly , it was difficult to ensure that teachers would act as anticipated by those who had set the project objectives — changes were not internalized by teachers and made routine in their classrooms ( Richards , 1983 ; Slater , 1985 ) .
firstly , it was difficult to ensure that teachers would act as anticipated by those who had set the project [aims/goals] — changes were not internalized by teachers and made routine in their classrooms ( richards , 1983 ; slater , 1985 ) .

He asked teachers to rate nearly 100 objectives for teaching literature on a scale from ‘ extremely important ’ to ‘ totally unimportant ’ .
he asked teachers to rate nearly 100 [aims/goals] for teaching literature on a scale from ‘ extremely important ’ to ‘ totally unimportant ’ .

The following terms appear as aims for art but do not get a mention as objectives :
the following terms appear as aims for art but do not get a mention as [aims/goals] :

And objectives .
and [aims/goals] .

You 've got to know what your objectives are .
you 've got to know what your [aims/goals] are .

‘ And what are your objectives in youth work , Mr Jefferson ? ’
‘ and what are your [aims/goals] in youth work , mr jefferson ? ’

With so many hands we had achieved our objectives by midday .
with so many hands we had achieved our [aims/goals] by midday .

There are sound environmental objectives for encouraging cycles on trains — fewer cars on the roads , hence reduction in congestion and pollution .
there are sound environmental [aims/goals] for encouraging cycles on trains — fewer cars on the roads , hence reduction in congestion and pollution .

It is the policy of the group to train and develop employees at all levels so that group objectives can be met .
it is the policy of the group to train and develop employees at all levels so that group [aims/goals] can be met .

Bonuses are determined by the Management Development and Remuneration Committee for the achievement of budgeted profit targets and personal objectives which are set at the beginning of the financial year .
bonuses are determined by the management development and remuneration committee for the achievement of budgeted profit targets and personal [aims/goals] which are set at the beginning of the financial year .

He argued ( 1989:14 ) that since institutions , largely regardless of the wishes of their members , have retained a bureaucratic organization , it is important to use the bureaucracy well , to maximise opportunities for institutions to achieve their objectives and for individuals to succeed in their careers .
he argued ( 1989:14 ) that since institutions , largely regardless of the wishes of their members , have retained a bureaucratic organization , it is important to use the bureaucracy well , to maximise opportunities for institutions to achieve their [aims/goals] and for individuals to succeed in their careers .

It can not see how good or bad it is in reaching its objectives unless it engages with them for most of the manager 's time .
it can not see how good or bad it is in reaching its [aims/goals] unless it engages with them for most of the manager 's time .

If aims and objectives are clear , if resources which assist the reaching of those aims are properly distributed and if other matters which bear on relationships , self-evaluation , assessment , planning and reporting are thought out and carefully put into operation , pupils will be better educated .
if aims and [aims/goals] are clear , if resources which assist the reaching of those aims are properly distributed and if other matters which bear on relationships , self-evaluation , assessment , planning and reporting are thought out and carefully put into operation , pupils will be better educated .

In the event , this plan was only partially successful , for the rebels failed to achieve their objectives in Madrid ; in the important commercial and industrial cities of Barcelona and Valencia ; and in the mining and manufacturing provinces of Asturias and the Basque Country .
in the event , this plan was only partially successful , for the rebels failed to achieve their [aims/goals] in madrid ; in the important commercial and industrial cities of barcelona and valencia ; and in the mining and manufacturing provinces of asturias and the basque country .

On 1 April 1939 he wrote and signed the final war bulletin : `` On this day , with the red army captive and disarmed , the Nationalist troops have attained their final military objectives .
on 1 april 1939 he wrote and signed the final war bulletin : `` on this day , with the red army captive and disarmed , the nationalist troops have attained their final military [aims/goals] .

For him , this meant giving master classes in duplicity in order to keep both Axis and Allies in play for as long as he needed to achieve his economic , military and , above all , territorial objectives .
for him , this meant giving master classes in duplicity in order to keep both axis and allies in play for as long as he needed to achieve his economic , military and , above all , territorial [aims/goals] .

The traditional political `` families `` still vied with each other in pursuance of their particular objectives ; but the old clans of Catholics , monarchists and Falangists were now joined by a new breed of apolitical technocrat and a new kind of Falangist .
the traditional political `` families `` still vied with each other in pursuance of their particular [aims/goals] ; but the old clans of catholics , monarchists and falangists were now joined by a new breed of apolitical technocrat and a new kind of falangist .

In the 1940s the official press had stated that economic goals would be subordinate to political objectives .
in the 1940s the official press had stated that economic goals would be subordinate to political [aims/goals] .

There should be an ongoing process of evaluation as the programme develops to ensure that it continues to meet the needs of the students and employers and enables the students to achieve its objectives .
there should be an ongoing process of evaluation as the programme develops to ensure that it continues to meet the needs of the students and employers and enables the students to achieve its [aims/goals] .

Objectives of Risk Management
[aims/goals] of risk management

The individual 's intentions and objectives are correct and the proper course of action is selected but a slip occurs in performing it .
the individual 's intentions and [aims/goals] are correct and the proper course of action is selected but a slip occurs in performing it .

An organisation 's objectives , particularly the relative priorities of different goals , may not be clearly conveyed to or understood by individuals .
an organisation 's [aims/goals] , particularly the relative priorities of different goals , may not be clearly conveyed to or understood by individuals .

The committee 's first leaflet , We Must Win , declared : ‘ We must set out ideals and objectives in clear terms and we must so order our own mode of life and social system that men may know that we offer a happiness , freedom and prosperity which can never flourish under Hitler 's totalitarianism .
the committee 's first leaflet , we must win , declared : ‘ we must set out ideals and [aims/goals] in clear terms and we must so order our own mode of life and social system that men may know that we offer a happiness , freedom and prosperity which can never flourish under hitler 's totalitarianism .

Strategy and objectives .
strategy and [aims/goals] .

To help us and our community partners clarify priorities and objectives , we published Assessing the Value , a new manual in this field .
to help us and our community partners clarify priorities and [aims/goals] , we published assessing the value , a new manual in this field .

As a result it enters 1993 with the twin objectives of expanding its home sales and divesting some of its landholdings .
as a result it enters 1993 with the twin [aims/goals] of expanding its home sales and divesting some of its landholdings .

This will leave regions too concentrate primarily on short-term trading objectives .
this will leave regions too concentrate primarily on short-term trading [aims/goals] .

Significant progress is also being made in developing relationships with healthcare key clients both in relation to specific projects and the progressing of longer term objectives .
significant progress is also being made in developing relationships with healthcare key clients both in relation to specific projects and the progressing of longer term [aims/goals] .

We share the objectives of our customers to control and reduce costs .
we share the [aims/goals] of our customers to control and reduce costs .

The teams are performing as self managed units although the manager will agree clear objectives with the team .
the teams are performing as self managed units although the manager will agree clear [aims/goals] with the team .

Frequent reviews with the manager and directors take place , so that the teams are fully aware of the Business Unit objectives .
frequent reviews with the manager and directors take place , so that the teams are fully aware of the business unit [aims/goals] .

Communications have been improved to ensure that all employees clearly understand the goals and objectives of the Noble Metals organisation and the results that are being achieved .
communications have been improved to ensure that all employees clearly understand the goals and [aims/goals] of the noble metals organisation and the results that are being achieved .

Because of the differences in objectives , content , specialisation , publication frequency , readership and circulation sizes , among other factors , it would not be valid to compare measures of acceptance rates between Nature and the Scottish Journal of Geology to infer the relative impacts of papers published in these two journals .
because of the differences in [aims/goals] , content , specialisation , publication frequency , readership and circulation sizes , among other factors , it would not be valid to compare measures of acceptance rates between nature and the scottish journal of geology to infer the relative impacts of papers published in these two journals .

Statistics of the growth of science can be used in support of a variety of objectives , from library stocking rates to the determination of national science policy .
statistics of the growth of science can be used in support of a variety of [aims/goals] , from library stocking rates to the determination of national science policy .

This does not mean that its findings will be biased because of this ; it is simply setting out the parameters and the objectives of the research and the kinds of ideas that will inform it .
this does not mean that its findings will be biased because of this ; it is simply setting out the parameters and the [aims/goals] of the research and the kinds of ideas that will inform it .

This implies , of course , that each method has only a limited potentiality and , to this extent , particular methods can be used only for certain kinds of research objectives .
this implies , of course , that each method has only a limited potentiality and , to this extent , particular methods can be used only for certain kinds of research [aims/goals] .

There is no one solution to sociology 's empirical reference , no clear idea as to whether there ever could be , no one canonical method for all sociological research , and no one conception of data : data are whatever a researcher can make useful for meeting his/her research objectives , aims or problems , which is not to say that just any old thing will do .
there is no one solution to sociology 's empirical reference , no clear idea as to whether there ever could be , no one canonical method for all sociological research , and no one conception of data : data are whatever a researcher can make useful for meeting his/her research [aims/goals] , aims or problems , which is not to say that just any old thing will do .

In an important sense the factual survey and the attitude survey were designed to achieve practical objectives rather than serve disinterested theoretically inspired research .
in an important sense the factual survey and the attitude survey were designed to achieve practical [aims/goals] rather than serve disinterested theoretically inspired research .

But the objectives of an explanatory survey are not likely to be so straightforward , and it may be that sampling individuals , though convenient , does not sample the phenomenon of interest .
but the [aims/goals] of an explanatory survey are not likely to be so straightforward , and it may be that sampling individuals , though convenient , does not sample the phenomenon of interest .

Objectives : To co-ordinate and unify petroleum policies among member countries in order to secure fair and stable prices for petroleum producers ; an efficient , economic and regular supply of petroleum to consuming countries ; and a fair return on capital to those investing in the industry .
[aims/goals] : to co-ordinate and unify petroleum policies among member countries in order to secure fair and stable prices for petroleum producers ; an efficient , economic and regular supply of petroleum to consuming countries ; and a fair return on capital to those investing in the industry .

37977-78 ; 38314 ] , noting that `` those countries which in the future experience better than expected inflation performance may have a basis for an easing of monetary conditions and interest rates without jeopardizing the commitment to price stability and exchange rate objectives `` .
37977-78 ; 38314 ] , noting that `` those countries which in the future experience better than expected inflation performance may have a basis for an easing of monetary conditions and interest rates without jeopardizing the commitment to price stability and exchange rate [aims/goals] `` .

The demonstration came as Préval was being rebuked in parliament for the government 's poor economic performance and for his administrative reform programme , which , his critics claimed , lacked clear objectives or a coherent policy for the dismissal and appointment of state employees .
the demonstration came as préval was being rebuked in parliament for the government 's poor economic performance and for his administrative reform programme , which , his critics claimed , lacked clear [aims/goals] or a coherent policy for the dismissal and appointment of state employees .

Later in the month objectives of the air raids were shifted to attacks on troop concentrations — particularly Iraq 's elite Republican Guard divisions being held in reserve behind the front line — and on supply lines in both Iraq and Kuwait .
later in the month [aims/goals] of the air raids were shifted to attacks on troop concentrations — particularly iraq 's elite republican guard divisions being held in reserve behind the front line — and on supply lines in both iraq and kuwait .

Objectives were identified as increasing non-oil and non-gas exports as much as possible ; continuing the process of deregulation in the import and export sectors ; directing the import and export systems towards the production of commodities for export ; rationalizing import taxes and other levies ; and deregulation in the investment and industrial sectors .
[aims/goals] were identified as increasing non-oil and non-gas exports as much as possible ; continuing the process of deregulation in the import and export sectors ; directing the import and export systems towards the production of commodities for export ; rationalizing import taxes and other levies ; and deregulation in the investment and industrial sectors .

Anand , who claimed that he would not seek re-election , announced that his objectives in his allotted time in government were to increase the participation of the public and business sector in politics , to begin the demilitarization of the political process , and to disengage from commercial practices the armed forces , many of whose leaders headed major companies .
anand , who claimed that he would not seek re-election , announced that his [aims/goals] in his allotted time in government were to increase the participation of the public and business sector in politics , to begin the demilitarization of the political process , and to disengage from commercial practices the armed forces , many of whose leaders headed major companies .

The Polish government 's 1991-93 economic objectives were to stabilize the economy quickly and decisively , to accelerate the transformation to a fully functioning market system , and to eliminate the overhang of external debt .
the polish government 's 1991-93 economic [aims/goals] were to stabilize the economy quickly and decisively , to accelerate the transformation to a fully functioning market system , and to eliminate the overhang of external debt .

The programme 's objectives included ( i ) a reduction in the rate of inflation from 89 per cent in 1989/90 to 15 per cent by 1992/93 ; ( ii ) an improvement in exports ; ( iii ) the creation of conditions favourable to efficient functioning of the private sector ; and ( iv ) the rehabilitation of basic services .
the programme 's [aims/goals] included ( i ) a reduction in the rate of inflation from 89 per cent in 1989/90 to 15 per cent by 1992/93 ; ( ii ) an improvement in exports ; ( iii ) the creation of conditions favourable to efficient functioning of the private sector ; and ( iv ) the rehabilitation of basic services .

Augustus Aikhomu , then Chief of General Staff , the actions of Maina since his appointment in December 1989 , had not been `` in consonance with the goals and objectives of this administration and accordingly he has been removed `` .
augustus aikhomu , then chief of general staff , the actions of maina since his appointment in december 1989 , had not been `` in consonance with the goals and [aims/goals] of this administration and accordingly he has been removed `` .

In order to achieve these objectives , a network of advice centres run by various agencies and offering blanket coverage shall be set up without delay with financial assistance from the federation in the territory specified in Article 3 of this treaty … [ Article 32 concerned voluntary organizations ; and Article 33 concerned public health . ]
in order to achieve these [aims/goals] , a network of advice centres run by various agencies and offering blanket coverage shall be set up without delay with financial assistance from the federation in the territory specified in article 3 of this treaty … [ article 32 concerned voluntary organizations ; and article 33 concerned public health . ]

At a press conference on March 15 Gen. Suchinda had made it clear that the neutralization of the state-enterprise labour movement had been one of the prime objectives behind the military takeover .
at a press conference on march 15 gen. suchinda had made it clear that the neutralization of the state-enterprise labour movement had been one of the prime [aims/goals] behind the military takeover .

The vote was criticized by a number of Arab states ; an official Syrian statement on Nov. 13 said that it was an `` open defiance of the principles and objectives `` of the Madrid conference .
the vote was criticized by a number of arab states ; an official syrian statement on nov. 13 said that it was an `` open defiance of the principles and [aims/goals] `` of the madrid conference .

Objectives : Acceleration of economic progress and stabilization of the south-east Asian region .
[aims/goals] : acceleration of economic progress and stabilization of the south-east asian region .

Hariri announced that his government had set itself objectives of `` liberation , reform and development `` .
hariri announced that his government had set itself [aims/goals] of `` liberation , reform and development `` .

The Maastricht Treaty provides the right framework and objectives for this .
the maastricht treaty provides the right framework and [aims/goals] for this .

In a nationwide televised address from the Oval Office on the evening of Feb. 27 Bush declared : `` Kuwait is liberated ; Iraq 's army is defeated ; our military objectives are met . ``
in a nationwide televised address from the oval office on the evening of feb. 27 bush declared : `` kuwait is liberated ; iraq 's army is defeated ; our military [aims/goals] are met . ``

Relations with RHAs and the Management Board also failed to live up to the Griffiths vision of giving general managers local autonomy and freedom to manage within the context of personal and corporate accountability for the attainment of agreed targets and objectives .
relations with rhas and the management board also failed to live up to the griffiths vision of giving general managers local autonomy and freedom to manage within the context of personal and corporate accountability for the attainment of agreed targets and [aims/goals] .

4 Managers should have clear goals and objectives against which their performance can be monitored , and payment and reward structures should be geared towards the attainment of results .
4 managers should have clear goals and [aims/goals] against which their performance can be monitored , and payment and reward structures should be geared towards the attainment of results .

The goals and objectives of public organisations are often multiple , conflicting and ambiguous .
the goals and [aims/goals] of public organisations are often multiple , conflicting and ambiguous .

This requires well-structured hierarchies , ideally into distinct cost or responsibility centres , explicit objectives and performance measures to monitor results .
this requires well-structured hierarchies , ideally into distinct cost or responsibility centres , explicit [aims/goals] and performance measures to monitor results .

This feeds into the authority 's strategic framework which sets out its statement of purpose , guiding values , aims and objectives in the medium term ( usually over a three to five year period ) .
this feeds into the authority 's strategic framework which sets out its statement of purpose , guiding values , aims and [aims/goals] in the medium term ( usually over a three to five year period ) .

Enthusiasm , however , is no substitute for conceptual clarity and agreement on objectives .
enthusiasm , however , is no substitute for conceptual clarity and agreement on [aims/goals] .

It must inevitably reflect the aims and objectives of the history syllabus and the age in which they operate .
it must inevitably reflect the aims and [aims/goals] of the history syllabus and the age in which they operate .

The third set of presentation materials could be examples of your own pupils ' work which show how the aims and objectives of history teaching have changed considerably since the 1960s and 1970s .
the third set of presentation materials could be examples of your own pupils ' work which show how the aims and [aims/goals] of history teaching have changed considerably since the 1960s and 1970s .

The broadening of aims and objectives has not been a sudden panic measure to the market forces of the 1990s but has been part of a professional and careful reassessment which has been in progress since at least the late 1960s .
the broadening of aims and [aims/goals] has not been a sudden panic measure to the market forces of the 1990s but has been part of a professional and careful reassessment which has been in progress since at least the late 1960s .

The following list of skills and abilities taken from Educational Objectives for the Study of History written in 1971 by Jeanette Coltham and John Fines bears out this point .
the following list of skills and abilities taken from educational [aims/goals] for the study of history written in 1971 by jeanette coltham and john fines bears out this point .

It is worth emphasising that the technical and vocational aims and objectives are not simply by-products of history teaching and study but are an essential part of the historical method .
it is worth emphasising that the technical and vocational aims and [aims/goals] are not simply by-products of history teaching and study but are an essential part of the historical method .

One of the chief criticisms of much topic work done in the past was that insufficient consideration was given to historical objectives , and that the needs of history were sometimes submerged .
one of the chief criticisms of much topic work done in the past was that insufficient consideration was given to historical [aims/goals] , and that the needs of history were sometimes submerged .

Before considering the strategies to be used in teaching history the teacher should be clear about the objectives he or she has in mind .
before considering the strategies to be used in teaching history the teacher should be clear about the [aims/goals] he or she has in mind .

Statements of Attainment are targets or objectives related to the overall attainment target to which they belong … Statements of Attainment are also guides which enable teachers to see how far pupils have progressed in each Attainment Target .
statements of attainment are targets or [aims/goals] related to the overall attainment target to which they belong … statements of attainment are also guides which enable teachers to see how far pupils have progressed in each attainment target .

They form the basis for assessment but are not in themselves assessment objectives … Assessment based on Statements of Attainment will need to take into account the whole range of abilities to be found in any Statement of Attainment and the context — task and type of historical content — in which attainment of these abilities is being shown .
they form the basis for assessment but are not in themselves assessment [aims/goals] … assessment based on statements of attainment will need to take into account the whole range of abilities to be found in any statement of attainment and the context — task and type of historical content — in which attainment of these abilities is being shown .

However , often the history teacher will look for problem-solving exercises which involve historical objectives — historical understanding , empathy , synthesis , use of evidence , and so on .
however , often the history teacher will look for problem-solving exercises which involve historical [aims/goals] — historical understanding , empathy , synthesis , use of evidence , and so on .

If he or she is apprised in advance of your particular aims and objectives , and work the pupils have already done on the topic , and so on , the session can often be very carefully tailored to get maximum value from the visit .
if he or she is apprised in advance of your particular aims and [aims/goals] , and work the pupils have already done on the topic , and so on , the session can often be very carefully tailored to get maximum value from the visit .

Much will depend on the particular aims and objectives of the teacher .
much will depend on the particular aims and [aims/goals] of the teacher .

Inevitably they will not suit every need , but in many cases they can be adapted , used as models or as a source of ideas for a teacher-produced worksheet , which can target particular objectives and be tailored for a particular age or ability range .
inevitably they will not suit every need , but in many cases they can be adapted , used as models or as a source of ideas for a teacher-produced worksheet , which can target particular [aims/goals] and be tailored for a particular age or ability range .

The aim of the Enterprise Development Fund grant scheme is to support projects that will contribute to the achievement of the objectives of the enterprise initiative at Napier .
the aim of the enterprise development fund grant scheme is to support projects that will contribute to the achievement of the [aims/goals] of the enterprise initiative at napier .

The Evaluation and Monitoring Sub-committee agreed a ‘ working ’ framework for evaluation of the work of the Enterprise Centre that focused on the evaluation of one or two objectives within each area of work .
the evaluation and monitoring sub-committee agreed a ‘ working ’ framework for evaluation of the work of the enterprise centre that focused on the evaluation of one or two [aims/goals] within each area of work .

Following is a brief description of preliminary evaluation carried out to date in relation to these objectives :
following is a brief description of preliminary evaluation carried out to date in relation to these [aims/goals] :

evaluative and review the work programme and revise objectives appropriately ;
evaluative and review the work programme and revise [aims/goals] appropriately ;

The objectives represent the basis for defining the regions eligible for aid and it is the structurally backward , or Objective 1 regions , which receive the major share of the Structural Funds ( 77 per cent ) .
the [aims/goals] represent the basis for defining the regions eligible for aid and it is the structurally backward , or objective 1 regions , which receive the major share of the structural funds ( 77 per cent ) .

Finally , Objectives 5 ( a ) and 5 ( b ) differed somewhat from the previous four in not being concerned with industrialisation as such , but with rural re-structuring and development .
finally , [aims/goals] 5 ( a ) and 5 ( b ) differed somewhat from the previous four in not being concerned with industrialisation as such , but with rural re-structuring and development .

Nationally the 1957 Rent Act fulfilled neither the stated objectives of the government nor the fears expressed by the opposition .
nationally the 1957 rent act fulfilled neither the stated [aims/goals] of the government nor the fears expressed by the opposition .

With the larger objectives slightly clearer , what you have to do is to work out how these are achievable in terms of the wide array of topics presented to you , or in terms of possible topics you are invited to define for yourself .
with the larger [aims/goals] slightly clearer , what you have to do is to work out how these are achievable in terms of the wide array of topics presented to you , or in terms of possible topics you are invited to define for yourself .

One way in which these objectives can be achieved is by improving communication between members of staff .
one way in which these [aims/goals] can be achieved is by improving communication between members of staff .

Furthermore , if firms pursue objectives other than profit maximisation then the picture becomes even less clear-cut .
furthermore , if firms pursue [aims/goals] other than profit maximisation then the picture becomes even less clear-cut .

The implication of this is that any policy proposal for a particular industry can only be made after an investigation of not only the structure of the industry , but also of the objectives and conduct of the firms within it .
the implication of this is that any policy proposal for a particular industry can only be made after an investigation of not only the structure of the industry , but also of the [aims/goals] and conduct of the firms within it .

Its momentum was flagging by 1730 and even its constrained educational objectives were being criticised as a step too far .
its momentum was flagging by 1730 and even its constrained educational [aims/goals] were being criticised as a step too far .

This sense of purpose and of confinement to `` legitimate `` objectives is briefy conveyed in a single sentence describing events at Malmesbury : `` They seized all the corn ; sold it at 5s [ 25p ] a bushel , and gave the money to the right owners . ``
this sense of purpose and of confinement to `` legitimate `` [aims/goals] is briefy conveyed in a single sentence describing events at malmesbury : `` they seized all the corn ; sold it at 5s [ 25p ] a bushel , and gave the money to the right owners . ``

Objectives differed , but `` Ludd `` as leader of the `` army of redressers `` was invoked in each case .
[aims/goals] differed , but `` ludd `` as leader of the `` army of redressers `` was invoked in each case .

It is reasonable , however , for Thompson to ask why such a degree of compartmentalisation of objectives should be presumed to have been the case in 1812 , when war had been largely continuous over twenty years , when trade unions were under the interdict of the Combination Acts , when the hand-loom weavers and knitters were suffering a catastrophic drop in earnings and when high food prices were producing widespread and severe hunger .
it is reasonable , however , for thompson to ask why such a degree of compartmentalisation of [aims/goals] should be presumed to have been the case in 1812 , when war had been largely continuous over twenty years , when trade unions were under the interdict of the combination acts , when the hand-loom weavers and knitters were suffering a catastrophic drop in earnings and when high food prices were producing widespread and severe hunger .

Even the most ardent advocates of exchange rate flexibility no longer maintain that it is feasible for a country to pursue independent policy objectives in isolation from the rest of the world .
even the most ardent advocates of exchange rate flexibility no longer maintain that it is feasible for a country to pursue independent policy [aims/goals] in isolation from the rest of the world .

Objectives of the research included : to provide hospitality companies with information and advice on the skill and knowledge requirements of managers working in different sectors of the industry , in some European countries , which will assist them in their recruitment and human resource development activities ; to identify the education and training needs of managers moving within the European hospitality industry and offer a basis for the design of short courses , distance leaning materials and training packages to meet those needs , in collaboration with European partners ; and to assess the extent to which the skills and knowledge required by hospitality managers are generic and may be transferable across different industries .
[aims/goals] of the research included : to provide hospitality companies with information and advice on the skill and knowledge requirements of managers working in different sectors of the industry , in some european countries , which will assist them in their recruitment and human resource development activities ; to identify the education and training needs of managers moving within the european hospitality industry and offer a basis for the design of short courses , distance leaning materials and training packages to meet those needs , in collaboration with european partners ; and to assess the extent to which the skills and knowledge required by hospitality managers are generic and may be transferable across different industries .

The objectives of the Association are :
the [aims/goals] of the association are :

Within these objectives the association is empowered :
within these [aims/goals] the association is empowered :

Members of the Association are committed to the achievement of these objectives and to the maintenance of the standards of professional conduct as established by this Code of Conduct .
members of the association are committed to the achievement of these [aims/goals] and to the maintenance of the standards of professional conduct as established by this code of conduct .

For purposes and in a style which conforms with the objectives and upholds the dignity of the Association : and
for purposes and in a style which conforms with the [aims/goals] and upholds the dignity of the association : and

The following range of services have been chosen not only to be relevant to members in the course of pursuing their professional objectives , but also to be of interest on a more personal level .
the following range of services have been chosen not only to be relevant to members in the course of pursuing their professional [aims/goals] , but also to be of interest on a more personal level .

Membership of an economic community requires the acceptance of a financial obligation to fund the objectives of the organisation whether they consist of the limited objectives of a regional trading group , or the more extensive objectives of an economic union .
membership of an economic community requires the acceptance of a financial obligation to fund the [aims/goals] of the organisation whether they consist of the limited [aims/goals] of a regional trading group , or the more extensive [aims/goals] of an economic union .

‘ Four years ago , we recognised a gap in the marketplace for the provision of a highly personalised catering service that ensured catering facilities were totally integrated with the clients ’ objectives .
‘ four years ago , we recognised a gap in the marketplace for the provision of a highly personalised catering service that ensured catering facilities were totally integrated with the clients ’ [aims/goals] .

Every four to six weeks a training executive will visit to monitor their training and agree future objectives .
every four to six weeks a training executive will visit to monitor their training and agree future [aims/goals] .

Monitoring will be by means of written records , discussion and testing , and achievement of practical objectives .
monitoring will be by means of written records , discussion and testing , and achievement of practical [aims/goals] .

Present performance will be analyzed , feedback given , and future objectives set .
present performance will be analyzed , feedback given , and future [aims/goals] set .

We need to work hard to promote membership of the Society , increase participation and recruit more teachers ' these will be the underlying objectives although the prime one will be the enjoyment and increased knowledge of our members .
we need to work hard to promote membership of the society , increase participation and recruit more teachers ' these will be the underlying [aims/goals] although the prime one will be the enjoyment and increased knowledge of our members .

Governments with limited resources seeking to lower mortality and to decrease population growth will be more likely to achieve these objectives by concentrating on family planning programmes than by insisting on the primacy of health care services — and they will not be sacrificing humanitarian goals by doing so . ``
governments with limited resources seeking to lower mortality and to decrease population growth will be more likely to achieve these [aims/goals] by concentrating on family planning programmes than by insisting on the primacy of health care services — and they will not be sacrificing humanitarian goals by doing so . ``

Although the Conference reaffirmed the validity of the principles and objectives of the World Population Plan of Action , if also adopted a set of 88 recommendations for the further implementation of the Plan in the years ahead .
although the conference reaffirmed the validity of the principles and [aims/goals] of the world population plan of action , if also adopted a set of 88 recommendations for the further implementation of the plan in the years ahead .

behavioural objectives
behavioural [aims/goals]

Measure of student achievement of predetermined performance objectives .
measure of student achievement of predetermined performance [aims/goals] .

If the teacher explains the aims and objectives of the foreign-language course and the methods to be employed to attain them , he may transform this attitude into a readiness to learn by a certain method .
if the teacher explains the aims and [aims/goals] of the foreign-language course and the methods to be employed to attain them , he may transform this attitude into a readiness to learn by a certain method .

Research objectives and methodological shortcomings
research [aims/goals] and methodological shortcomings

5 different objectives
5 different [aims/goals]

Conversely when two sides start out with widely different overt objectives it may be easy to overlook such common objectives as may be present .
conversely when two sides start out with widely different overt [aims/goals] it may be easy to overlook such common [aims/goals] as may be present .

In most cases awareness ( of values , objectives , perceptions ) is a great help .
in most cases awareness ( of values , [aims/goals] , perceptions ) is a great help .

We take it for granted that organisations should have objectives .
we take it for granted that organisations should have [aims/goals] .

We take it for granted that individual departments and even individual managers should have objectives .
we take it for granted that individual departments and even individual managers should have [aims/goals] .

Management by objectives is a well known management technique .
management by [aims/goals] is a well known management technique .

Because if we do not have objectives we drift or stagnate or follow every temptation .
because if we do not have [aims/goals] we drift or stagnate or follow every temptation .

Indeed it could be argued that setting objectives may put the corporation off course by diverting attention from moment-to-moment operations to a distant destination .
indeed it could be argued that setting [aims/goals] may put the corporation off course by diverting attention from moment-to-moment operations to a distant destination .

89 year-end objectives
89 year-end [aims/goals]

We think of objectives as a carrot luring an organisation forward .
we think of [aims/goals] as a carrot luring an organisation forward .

We think of objectives as destinations that are to be reached .
we think of [aims/goals] as destinations that are to be reached .

That is not to stay that long-term objectives should not be considered in addition to the escape strategy that is being worked upon .
that is not to stay that long-term [aims/goals] should not be considered in addition to the escape strategy that is being worked upon .

It is simply that long-term objectives do not constitute an escape strategy .
it is simply that long-term [aims/goals] do not constitute an escape strategy .

If banks or outside rescuers are to be involved then they will want to know the long term prospects and objectives so these can not be ignored .
if banks or outside rescuers are to be involved then they will want to know the long term prospects and [aims/goals] so these can not be ignored .

For some organisations objectives are rather more like a woman shopping than a man shopping .
for some organisations [aims/goals] are rather more like a woman shopping than a man shopping .

91 vague objectives
91 vague [aims/goals]

To have vague objectives is to have the worst of both worlds .
to have vague [aims/goals] is to have the worst of both worlds .

In practice to have vague objectives will prevent one from doing much and yet not generate positive action .
in practice to have vague [aims/goals] will prevent one from doing much and yet not generate positive action .

Vague objectives might include maintaining a market share or keeping up with technology or offering good value to the customer .
vague [aims/goals] might include maintaining a market share or keeping up with technology or offering good value to the customer .

Politicians have to have vague objectives in order to stay in tune with their supporters and circumstances .
politicians have to have vague [aims/goals] in order to stay in tune with their supporters and circumstances .

alternative objectives 92
alternative [aims/goals] 92

Military commanders find it essential to have alternative objectives .
military commanders find it essential to have alternative [aims/goals] .

Obviously it is not a matter of pursuing both objectives at the same time .
obviously it is not a matter of pursuing both [aims/goals] at the same time .

In contrast , business corporations find it very hard to have alternative objectives .
in contrast , business corporations find it very hard to have alternative [aims/goals] .

If competitors and circumstances are regarded as the `` enemy `` then It makes as much sense for a corporation to have alternative objectives as it does for a military commander .
if competitors and circumstances are regarded as the `` enemy `` then it makes as much sense for a corporation to have alternative [aims/goals] as it does for a military commander .

93 short-term and long-term objectives
93 short-term and long-term [aims/goals]

contradictory objectives 94
contradictory [aims/goals] 94

The objectives of this study in an adult population of patients with cystic fibrosis were to : ( 1 ) define the relation between faecal fat and faecal bile acid excretion in patients with and without liver disease ; ( 2 ) to discover if a defect in the ileal bile acid active transport mechanism contributes to faecal bile acid loss ; and ( 3 ) to assess the contribution of small bowel bacterial overgrowth to faecal fat and faecal bile acid losses .
the [aims/goals] of this study in an adult population of patients with cystic fibrosis were to : ( 1 ) define the relation between faecal fat and faecal bile acid excretion in patients with and without liver disease ; ( 2 ) to discover if a defect in the ileal bile acid active transport mechanism contributes to faecal bile acid loss ; and ( 3 ) to assess the contribution of small bowel bacterial overgrowth to faecal fat and faecal bile acid losses .

As a result the protection of the environment is one of our major objectives .
as a result the protection of the environment is one of our major [aims/goals] .

The Executive Committee 's role is to manage the Group on a day-to-day basis and it is the main forum for raising and resolving important business issues , developing strategies and plans for approval by the Board , allocating resources to achieving the Group 's objectives and reviewing the performance of the Group .
the executive committee 's role is to manage the group on a day-to-day basis and it is the main forum for raising and resolving important business issues , developing strategies and plans for approval by the board , allocating resources to achieving the group 's [aims/goals] and reviewing the performance of the group .

We continue to work closely with Shell Expro towards achieving the partnering objectives for their Brent Charlie and Delta platforms .
we continue to work closely with shell expro towards achieving the partnering [aims/goals] for their brent charlie and delta platforms .

Conducting safe and efficient operations , while maintaining high standards of performance and protection of the environment , is an integral part of management 's duties and has equal standing with the Group 's other major business objectives .
conducting safe and efficient operations , while maintaining high standards of performance and protection of the environment , is an integral part of management 's duties and has equal standing with the group 's other major business [aims/goals] .

The Race Equality Policy sets out six objectives for equality of opportunity through all stages of a barrister 's training and areas of practice and suggests means of achieving these objectives .
the race equality policy sets out six [aims/goals] for equality of opportunity through all stages of a barrister 's training and areas of practice and suggests means of achieving these [aims/goals] .

11 The yields on high grade commercial paper were used as a proxy for the risk-free rate of interest and the funds were divided into groups by their investment objectives .
11 the yields on high grade commercial paper were used as a proxy for the risk-free rate of interest and the funds were divided into groups by their investment [aims/goals] .

The objectives of these various strategies is most clearly illustrated by the use of profit diagrams which show profit or loss at expiry ( when all time value disappears ) in relation to the price of the underlying share price .
the [aims/goals] of these various strategies is most clearly illustrated by the use of profit diagrams which show profit or loss at expiry ( when all time value disappears ) in relation to the price of the underlying share price .

The school background — the philosophy of the school , its aims and objectives and the local community .
the school background — the philosophy of the school , its aims and [aims/goals] and the local community .

Reports from each department — including staffing , aims and objectives , assessment of pupils , examination results , accommodation , capitation , resources and policies and procedures within the department .
reports from each department — including staffing , aims and [aims/goals] , assessment of pupils , examination results , accommodation , capitation , resources and policies and procedures within the department .

a self-evaluation followed by visits by advisers to see if staff are performing up to their own perception and to look into the objectives of the school .
a self-evaluation followed by visits by advisers to see if staff are performing up to their own perception and to look into the [aims/goals] of the school .

One teacher asked if there would be any extra time given to produce the self-appraisal reports but the director argued that the information should be available already — that it was a matter of taking something on aims and objectives and ‘ dusting them down ’ .
one teacher asked if there would be any extra time given to produce the self-appraisal reports but the director argued that the information should be available already — that it was a matter of taking something on aims and [aims/goals] and ‘ dusting them down ’ .

Some dealt at length with aims and objectives , others focused on organisation and communication .
some dealt at length with aims and [aims/goals] , others focused on organisation and communication .

Aims and Objectives of the Review
aims and [aims/goals] of the review

The revised procedure was set out in a discussion document and presented to the Heads of Department . It set out the following aims and objectives :
the revised procedure was set out in a discussion document and presented to the heads of department . it set out the following aims and [aims/goals] :

The Objectives of a Departmental Review
the [aims/goals] of a departmental review

Director of Studies : ‘ That 's a series of behavioural objectives … why not draw up a checklist ? ’ .
director of studies : ‘ that 's a series of behavioural [aims/goals] … why not draw up a checklist ? ’ .

Director of Studies : ‘ Could you relate these 3 criteria to the objectives set down in the syllabus … show us how the objectives fit them ? ’
director of studies : ‘ could you relate these 3 criteria to the [aims/goals] set down in the syllabus … show us how the [aims/goals] fit them ? ’

The Head of Department then went through the objectives one at a time and satisfied the Deputy Head ( Curriculum ) and the Director of Studies that , with different emphases , the objectives were all subsumed in the 3 criteria for the assessment of pupils ' work . ( verified note of meeting )
the head of department then went through the [aims/goals] one at a time and satisfied the deputy head ( curriculum ) and the director of studies that , with different emphases , the [aims/goals] were all subsumed in the 3 criteria for the assessment of pupils ' work . ( verified note of meeting )

The Director of Studies then asked why the syllabus did not set out the relationship between assessment criteria and objectives more explicitly .
the director of studies then asked why the syllabus did not set out the relationship between assessment criteria and [aims/goals] more explicitly .

Have you identified clearly defined objectives related to :
have you identified clearly defined [aims/goals] related to :

your contribution to objectives of your department/School ?
your contribution to [aims/goals] of your department/school ?

in relation to the objectives of your department/school ?
in relation to the [aims/goals] of your department/school ?

What objectives must now be set related to :
what [aims/goals] must now be set related to :

your contribution to achieving the objectives of your department/school ?
your contribution to achieving the [aims/goals] of your department/school ?

Head : ‘ We 're talking about professional development only . What about your political life ? What are your objectives there , is it relevant to ask ? ’
head : ‘ we 're talking about professional development only . what about your political life ? what are your [aims/goals] there , is it relevant to ask ? ’

Deputy Head ( Staff ) : ‘ How would you define your objectives , so that we can give you opportunity to improve ? ’
deputy head ( staff ) : ‘ how would you define your [aims/goals] , so that we can give you opportunity to improve ? ’

Deputy Head ( Staff ) : ‘ Should you have any objectives now ? Personal ? Departmental ? What should you be doing ? ’
deputy head ( staff ) : ‘ should you have any [aims/goals] now ? personal ? departmental ? what should you be doing ? ’

Deputy Head ( Staff ) : ‘ Firm up on objectives set : for the department , for the school .
deputy head ( staff ) : ‘ firm up on [aims/goals] set : for the department , for the school .

Move out of your den , negotiating , working out objectives for integrating .
move out of your den , negotiating , working out [aims/goals] for integrating .

the teachers ' failure adequately to communicate teaching objectives to the pupils ;
the teachers ' failure adequately to communicate teaching [aims/goals] to the pupils ;

There was a feeling that in some areas the members of staff in the department had not communicated their aims and objectives to their pupils .
there was a feeling that in some areas the members of staff in the department had not communicated their aims and [aims/goals] to their pupils .

However , the syllabus does provide a clear outline of the department 's philosophy and aims and objectives .
however , the syllabus does provide a clear outline of the department 's philosophy and aims and [aims/goals] .

The relationship between objectives and evaluation and assessment is clearly stated and is practically based .
the relationship between [aims/goals] and evaluation and assessment is clearly stated and is practically based .

Deputy Head ( Curriculum ) : ‘ The syllabus should be a working document throughout , in the same way that it is in the section on assessment and objectives .
deputy head ( curriculum ) : ‘ the syllabus should be a working document throughout , in the same way that it is in the section on assessment and [aims/goals] .

To meet with the department to discuss how objectives can be passed on to pupils .
to meet with the department to discuss how [aims/goals] can be passed on to pupils .

It seems to the Senior Management Team that the personal objectives of individual members of the department and institutional and departmental objectives are very largely congruent and that our recommendations are a way of achieving , we hope , both .
it seems to the senior management team that the personal [aims/goals] of individual members of the department and institutional and departmental [aims/goals] are very largely congruent and that our recommendations are a way of achieving , we hope , both .

To meet with the department to discuss with them how objectives can be passed on to the pupils .
to meet with the department to discuss with them how [aims/goals] can be passed on to the pupils .

The review may be evaluated generally by how effectively and efficiently it met the objectives set out in Document 1 , on the basis of which it had been negotiated .
the review may be evaluated generally by how effectively and efficiently it met the [aims/goals] set out in document 1 , on the basis of which it had been negotiated .

With regard to the objectives which related to the teachers ( 5 and 6 ) , the assistant teachers were perhaps better served than their Head of Department , despite his promotion .
with regard to the [aims/goals] which related to the teachers ( 5 and 6 ) , the assistant teachers were perhaps better served than their head of department , despite his promotion .

Several of the questions in Document 3 seemed to imply that ‘ professional development ’ included aspects and aspirations outside the department , whereas the objectives of the departmental review set out in Document 1 generally seem to be restricted to development within the department .
several of the questions in document 3 seemed to imply that ‘ professional development ’ included aspects and aspirations outside the department , whereas the [aims/goals] of the departmental review set out in document 1 generally seem to be restricted to development within the department .

By far the most common claim is that the review has helped to clarify aims and objectives .
by far the most common claim is that the review has helped to clarify aims and [aims/goals] .

Primary teachers seem to have found the review of most value in clarifying aims and objectives ( least , secondary ) , improving resources ( least , middle ) , improving staff communication and staff relations ( least , secondary ) .
primary teachers seem to have found the review of most value in clarifying aims and [aims/goals] ( least , secondary ) , improving resources ( least , middle ) , improving staff communication and staff relations ( least , secondary ) .

Use of the ratios as measures of the efficiency of individual managers should be treated with great caution unless they are part of a well-thought-out scheme of key results and objectives for individuals .
use of the ratios as measures of the efficiency of individual managers should be treated with great caution unless they are part of a well-thought-out scheme of key results and [aims/goals] for individuals .

Having ranked the proposals in order of compatibility with company objectives it remains to establish the order of priority in terms of return on investment .
having ranked the proposals in order of compatibility with company [aims/goals] it remains to establish the order of priority in terms of return on investment .

He then helps the follower into formulating these views into agreed objectives , which are recorded as shown in Table 10.6 .
he then helps the follower into formulating these views into agreed [aims/goals] , which are recorded as shown in table 10.6 .

The same approach would deal with management and personnel objectives within the follower 's sphere of responsibility .
the same approach would deal with management and personnel [aims/goals] within the follower 's sphere of responsibility .

Some of the objectives should be his own proposals .
some of the [aims/goals] should be his own proposals .

It is essential to specify clearly , at the time the objectives are agreed , which record will be used .
it is essential to specify clearly , at the time the [aims/goals] are agreed , which record will be used .

Review of Objectives
review of [aims/goals]

The objectives are reviewed at the agreed intervals which will differ with the maturity of the follower .
the [aims/goals] are reviewed at the agreed intervals which will differ with the maturity of the follower .

The objectives of immature followers will be reviewed at shorter intervals than those of mature workers .
the [aims/goals] of immature followers will be reviewed at shorter intervals than those of mature workers .

Both start with inputs in the form of market needs and company objectives which must be converted into clear definitions of the problems to be solved to create a product supplying the market need in a manner profitable to the company .
both start with inputs in the form of market needs and company [aims/goals] which must be converted into clear definitions of the problems to be solved to create a product supplying the market need in a manner profitable to the company .

‘ It 's not just that the objectives have been achieved , of getting the policy reviews endorsed , and conducting ourselves in a way that will attract the British people .
‘ it 's not just that the [aims/goals] have been achieved , of getting the policy reviews endorsed , and conducting ourselves in a way that will attract the british people .

Epping Forest was the last remaining portion of the forest of Essex : environmentalist objectives were achieved there by different means .
epping forest was the last remaining portion of the forest of essex : environmentalist [aims/goals] were achieved there by different means .

Whether it is a school fête or a huge rally , a successful event is the result of clear objectives , imagination , planning , an overall view and attention to countless details .
whether it is a school fête or a huge rally , a successful event is the result of clear [aims/goals] , imagination , planning , an overall view and attention to countless details .

Setting the objectives
setting the [aims/goals]

Before you start , ask yourself : what are our objectives , what message are we trying to get across , which people do we want to reach , what emotions should they feel , what responses are we looking for , what do we want them to take from this event — in person or through the media and press ?
before you start , ask yourself : what are our [aims/goals] , what message are we trying to get across , which people do we want to reach , what emotions should they feel , what responses are we looking for , what do we want them to take from this event — in person or through the media and press ?

This is important if you are to learn whether you have achieved your objectives and what should have been handled differently .
this is important if you are to learn whether you have achieved your [aims/goals] and what should have been handled differently .

We 'll be talking about the important practical details you have to grapple with when making your selection , but the first and last point is always the overall view of the project and objectives .
we 'll be talking about the important practical details you have to grapple with when making your selection , but the first and last point is always the overall view of the project and [aims/goals] .

In conferences our movement problems have , for the most part , been caused by a ‘ political ’ insistence on cramming more chairs , more people into inadequate space , including the stage . For some reason my clients nearly always ask : ‘ Where can we put more people ? ’ Rarely : ‘ What is the right way of achieving our objectives ? What would the best venue be ? ’
in conferences our movement problems have , for the most part , been caused by a ‘ political ’ insistence on cramming more chairs , more people into inadequate space , including the stage . for some reason my clients nearly always ask : ‘ where can we put more people ? ’ rarely : ‘ what is the right way of achieving our [aims/goals] ? what would the best venue be ? ’

When you 've set your objectives , sorted out the budget , chosen the venue and fixed the date , the next step is to plan the programme .
when you 've set your [aims/goals] , sorted out the budget , chosen the venue and fixed the date , the next step is to plan the programme .

If this looks likely , you have to be absolutely certain they 're going to achieve your objectives better than a human being !
if this looks likely , you have to be absolutely certain they 're going to achieve your [aims/goals] better than a human being !

’ rather than the standard American approach of ‘ What has to be done to achieve our objectives ?
’ rather than the standard american approach of ‘ what has to be done to achieve our [aims/goals] ?

For the activist and ‘ committed ’ core of the Movement , especially for the younger element , the perceived Führer image stood symbolically for ideological precepts — preparing for a show-down with Bolshevism , acquisition of Lebensraum , ‘ removal of Jews ’ — which were ‘ directions for action ’ long before they were realizable objectives .
for the activist and ‘ committed ’ core of the movement , especially for the younger element , the perceived führer image stood symbolically for ideological precepts — preparing for a show-down with bolshevism , acquisition of lebensraum , ‘ removal of jews ’ — which were ‘ directions for action ’ long before they were realizable [aims/goals] .

As North pointed out , these objectives were almost universally wished for .
as north pointed out , these [aims/goals] were almost universally wished for .

The golden objectives were , in fact , unlimited .
the golden [aims/goals] were , in fact , unlimited .

These objectives could be achieved by ensuring that no member of the family is ever capable of alienating the fee simple .
these [aims/goals] could be achieved by ensuring that no member of the family is ever capable of alienating the fee simple .

When Harold Macmillan took over from Anthony Eden in January that year , he had three primary objectives in mind : to place the British economy on a sounder footing ; to repair the damage done to Anglo-American relations by Suez ; and to restore the fortunes of the Conservative Party .
when harold macmillan took over from anthony eden in january that year , he had three primary [aims/goals] in mind : to place the british economy on a sounder footing ; to repair the damage done to anglo-american relations by suez ; and to restore the fortunes of the conservative party .

During his first term in office Macmillan had achieved the three objectives that he had set himself when he took over from Eden in 1957 .
during his first term in office macmillan had achieved the three [aims/goals] that he had set himself when he took over from eden in 1957 .

The commission would be given its objectives by the Government and would be accountable to it .
the commission would be given its [aims/goals] by the government and would be accountable to it .

As then , America 's government wants the Bundesbank to lift its eyes from narrow domestic objectives and adopt a more ‘ global perspective ’ — that is , to cut interest rates .
as then , america 's government wants the bundesbank to lift its eyes from narrow domestic [aims/goals] and adopt a more ‘ global perspective ’ — that is , to cut interest rates .

One of the problems was a certain sense of doubt about British and indeed Western objectives .
one of the problems was a certain sense of doubt about british and indeed western [aims/goals] .

Even the Nato arms controllers meeting in Vienna , whose job it is to negotiate East-West reductions in conventional armed forces , can only pursue their objectives on the basis of confrontation between their alliance and the Warsaw Pact .
even the nato arms controllers meeting in vienna , whose job it is to negotiate east-west reductions in conventional armed forces , can only pursue their [aims/goals] on the basis of confrontation between their alliance and the warsaw pact .

The financial framework and policy objectives would be set by a Labour government .
the financial framework and policy [aims/goals] would be set by a labour government .

‘ Let it be made quite clear that there is no doubt about the position of my government ; Germany stands fully behind the Single European Act and its objectives , ’ Dr Kohl declared .
‘ let it be made quite clear that there is no doubt about the position of my government ; germany stands fully behind the single european act and its [aims/goals] , ’ dr kohl declared .

But other organisations supporting traditional woodland management have more far-reaching objectives in mind .
but other organisations supporting traditional woodland management have more far-reaching [aims/goals] in mind .

When the major objectives of the Palestine campaign had been achieved Morgan was transferred back to France to serve in the trenches as an expert on telephone communications .
when the major [aims/goals] of the palestine campaign had been achieved morgan was transferred back to france to serve in the trenches as an expert on telephone communications .

The objectives of the federalists are to impose ever greater levels of central control .
the [aims/goals] of the federalists are to impose ever greater levels of central control .

The range and depth of the federalist objectives which were included in that draft treaty deserve to be highlighted , because even if the word ‘ federal ’ were to be omitted , the reality is clear .
the range and depth of the federalist [aims/goals] which were included in that draft treaty deserve to be highlighted , because even if the word ‘ federal ’ were to be omitted , the reality is clear .

He stated that in the political Intergovernmental Conference there were three main objectives .
he stated that in the political intergovernmental conference there were three main [aims/goals] .

The Centre 's Mission Statement highlights four objectives for the operation .
the centre 's mission statement highlights four [aims/goals] for the operation .

New incentive payments for environmental objectives , in particular for extensifying food production ( using land less intensively ) , and reduced-input and organic farming .
new incentive payments for environmental [aims/goals] , in particular for extensifying food production ( using land less intensively ) , and reduced-input and organic farming .

Our objectives are to simplify and integrate the two systems , to mount a determined assault on poverty and dependence , and to protect our citizens from want .
our [aims/goals] are to simplify and integrate the two systems , to mount a determined assault on poverty and dependence , and to protect our citizens from want .

Without constitutional reform , we will not achieve our other objectives .
without constitutional reform , we will not achieve our other [aims/goals] .

to achieve clear objectives .
to achieve clear [aims/goals] .

the process of deciding on objectives of the organisation , on changes in these objectives , on the resources used to attain these objectives and on the policies that are to govern the acquisition , use and disposition of these resources . Anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24
the process of deciding on [aims/goals] of the organisation , on changes in these [aims/goals] , on the resources used to attain these [aims/goals] and on the policies that are to govern the acquisition , use and disposition of these resources . anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24

… the process by which managers assure that resources are obtained and used effectively and efficiently in the accomplishment of the organisation s objectives . Anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24
… the process by which managers assure that resources are obtained and used effectively and efficiently in the accomplishment of the organisation s [aims/goals] . anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24

Have aims and objectives been identified in the early stages and are these goals related to managerial issues ?
have aims and [aims/goals] been identified in the early stages and are these goals related to managerial issues ?

is there a regular review pattern established to reassess the aims and objectives , implementation processes and the changing costs and benefits of the system ?
is there a regular review pattern established to reassess the aims and [aims/goals] , implementation processes and the changing costs and benefits of the system ?

planning aims , objectives , activities and evaluation
planning aims , [aims/goals] , activities and evaluation

This chapter defines planning as a broad process which involves the establishment of objectives and the formulation , evaluation and selection of policies , strategies and actions needed to achieve the objectives .
this chapter defines planning as a broad process which involves the establishment of [aims/goals] and the formulation , evaluation and selection of policies , strategies and actions needed to achieve the [aims/goals] .

In this way it brings together objectives and resources in order to meet organisational goals .
in this way it brings together [aims/goals] and resources in order to meet organisational goals .

The cycle demonstrates that before specific activities can be planned it is necessary to plan aims and objectives .
the cycle demonstrates that before specific activities can be planned it is necessary to plan aims and [aims/goals] .

Planning the objectives of an organisation
planning the [aims/goals] of an organisation

Once the school aims have been stated in general terms , objectives will be set at middle management level within a school and will relate to the achievement of these aims .
once the school aims have been stated in general terms , [aims/goals] will be set at middle management level within a school and will relate to the achievement of these aims .

However , at the classroom level there may be specific objectives set for a particular session or activity .
however , at the classroom level there may be specific [aims/goals] set for a particular session or activity .

Objectives will be redefined more frequently than aims , usually at annual intervals or more regularly , following evaluation of existing activities .
[aims/goals] will be redefined more frequently than aims , usually at annual intervals or more regularly , following evaluation of existing activities .

If purposeful , goal-directed activity is to take place , clear objectives need to be set for all the organisation 's activities .
if purposeful , goal-directed activity is to take place , clear [aims/goals] need to be set for all the organisation 's activities .

If objectives are understood by all staff in a school , they will help to form a framework on which the activities can be based .
if [aims/goals] are understood by all staff in a school , they will help to form a framework on which the activities can be based .

When planning objectives there are various management points to bear in mind and these will be outlined in the ensuing paragraphs .
when planning [aims/goals] there are various management points to bear in mind and these will be outlined in the ensuing paragraphs .

While aims are fairly broad , objectives need to be quite specific .
while aims are fairly broad , [aims/goals] need to be quite specific .

The relevance of the objectives should be checked .
the relevance of the [aims/goals] should be checked .

It follows , therefore , that the formulation of objectives should , wherever possible , involve those concerned , whether they are governors , staff , pupils , parents , or outside agencies .
it follows , therefore , that the formulation of [aims/goals] should , wherever possible , involve those concerned , whether they are governors , staff , pupils , parents , or outside agencies .

Agreement with the objectives will help to ensure that they are seen to be important and that activity will be directed towards their achievement .
agreement with the [aims/goals] will help to ensure that they are seen to be important and that activity will be directed towards their achievement .

It is particularly because of their potential when evaluating activities that objectives should be measurable .
it is particularly because of their potential when evaluating activities that [aims/goals] should be measurable .

This principle can be applied to the setting of objectives .
this principle can be applied to the setting of [aims/goals] .

If not , there will be disenchantment because those who have framed the objectives will be perceived to be ‘ out of touch ’ with reality in the organisation .
if not , there will be disenchantment because those who have framed the [aims/goals] will be perceived to be ‘ out of touch ’ with reality in the organisation .

There must be a belief that , through purposeful activity , the objectives can be achieved .
there must be a belief that , through purposeful activity , the [aims/goals] can be achieved .

However , objectives should not be set which , at the outset , are demonstrably easy to achieve .
however , [aims/goals] should not be set which , at the outset , are demonstrably easy to achieve .

Similarly , challenging objectives should motivate staff and encourage creativity .
similarly , challenging [aims/goals] should motivate staff and encourage creativity .

The time-scales over which different objectives should be achieved may vary considerably , depending on the level at which they are applied .
the time-scales over which different [aims/goals] should be achieved may vary considerably , depending on the level at which they are applied .

To summarise , and to use an acronym which will be familiar to some readers , objectives should be challenging and :
to summarise , and to use an acronym which will be familiar to some readers , [aims/goals] should be challenging and :

When planning objectives , the chart in Figure 3.3 may provide a useful flowchart and checklist to ensure that they meet the criteria outlined above .
when planning [aims/goals] , the chart in figure 3.3 may provide a useful flowchart and checklist to ensure that they meet the criteria outlined above .

Because the focus of the planning process is on designing programmes to achieve objectives , it is quite common , at this stage , to neglect the mechanism for evaluation .
because the focus of the planning process is on designing programmes to achieve [aims/goals] , it is quite common , at this stage , to neglect the mechanism for evaluation .

An organisation maintains its effectiveness by evaluating the extent to which the objectives are realised through the activities .
an organisation maintains its effectiveness by evaluating the extent to which the [aims/goals] are realised through the activities .

It is important to plan the evaluation process at the outset so that it relates to the stated objectives .
it is important to plan the evaluation process at the outset so that it relates to the stated [aims/goals] .

This approach may be possible if educational objectives have a very short time-scale but it does not allow for the change of direction which is often necessary in schools .
this approach may be possible if educational [aims/goals] have a very short time-scale but it does not allow for the change of direction which is often necessary in schools .

It is easier to do this if one can switch course , yet still be working within the framework of broad objectives .
it is easier to do this if one can switch course , yet still be working within the framework of broad [aims/goals] .

Preactive management can be seen as a positive response to changed circumstances with plans and objectives in mind , that is it is facilitated by the directional planning approach .
preactive management can be seen as a positive response to changed circumstances with plans and [aims/goals] in mind , that is it is facilitated by the directional planning approach .

This structured response is preferable to reactive or crisis management which is found where objectives are unclear , plans haphazard and where the organisation lives from one day to the next .
this structured response is preferable to reactive or crisis management which is found where [aims/goals] are unclear , plans haphazard and where the organisation lives from one day to the next .

By providing clear goals and objectives , it minimises frustration and wasted effort .
by providing clear goals and [aims/goals] , it minimises frustration and wasted effort .

This leads to more efficient , effective working and more enthusiastic participation so that tasks are completed and objectives are reached .
this leads to more efficient , effective working and more enthusiastic participation so that tasks are completed and [aims/goals] are reached .

The political model accepts that micropolitical activity can dominate the organisation so that genuine organisational objectives can not be operationalised .
the political model accepts that micropolitical activity can dominate the organisation so that genuine organisational [aims/goals] can not be operationalised .

The various sections of the school function as effective teams and the objectives are clear so that they know what is required of them .
the various sections of the school function as effective teams and the [aims/goals] are clear so that they know what is required of them .

Schick ( 1972 p. 16 ) states that ‘ budgeting always has been conceived as a process for systematically relating expenditure of funds to the accomplishment of planned objectives ’ .
schick ( 1972 p. 16 ) states that ‘ budgeting always has been conceived as a process for systematically relating expenditure of funds to the accomplishment of planned [aims/goals] ’ .

In the final management function of a budget , that of evaluation , the analysis moves to assessing whether that type of expenditure was the best way of meeting organisational objectives .
in the final management function of a budget , that of evaluation , the analysis moves to assessing whether that type of expenditure was the best way of meeting organisational [aims/goals] .

Rational approaches are based on the assumption that organisations have clear objectives and resource allocation is organised in a systematic way to facilitate the achievement of those objectives .
rational approaches are based on the assumption that organisations have clear [aims/goals] and resource allocation is organised in a systematic way to facilitate the achievement of those [aims/goals] .

In essence , after assessing the alternative expenditure options , spending patterns should reflect rational choices in order to maximise the achievement of the organisation 's objectives .
in essence , after assessing the alternative expenditure options , spending patterns should reflect rational choices in order to maximise the achievement of the organisation 's [aims/goals] .

The first of these elements is that budgets should be objective in that they relate directly to fulfilling the objectives of the organisation .
the first of these elements is that budgets should be objective in that they relate directly to fulfilling the [aims/goals] of the organisation .

These are firstly , the formulation of clear objectives and , secondly , planning , as resources must be clearly related in advance to objectives .
these are firstly , the formulation of clear [aims/goals] and , secondly , planning , as resources must be clearly related in advance to [aims/goals] .

Finally , evaluation takes place as criteria in the form of objectives provide a ‘ bench mark ’ against which to assess performance .
finally , evaluation takes place as criteria in the form of [aims/goals] provide a ‘ bench mark ’ against which to assess performance .

As a facilitator of management activities this imposes an opportunity — cost framework in that it encourages the reappraising of how differing expenditure patterns can best make a contribution to achieving organisational objectives .
as a facilitator of management activities this imposes an opportunity — cost framework in that it encourages the reappraising of how differing expenditure patterns can best make a contribution to achieving organisational [aims/goals] .

Therefore , asking questions about objectives , planning , choice and evaluation may not be as important as asking questions about political forces at work if resource patterns are to be understood .
therefore , asking questions about [aims/goals] , planning , choice and evaluation may not be as important as asking questions about political forces at work if resource patterns are to be understood .

Earlier in this chapter the three key elements of rational approaches were identified as : relating expenditure of funds to fulfilling organisational objectives , a zero-based approach to choice and decision making and a multi-year time horizon for budgetary decision making . Putting these central concepts together with the process indicators outlined by Bush ( 1986 ) , it is proposed to use the following factors as an indicator of the existence of a rational economic decision-making process :
earlier in this chapter the three key elements of rational approaches were identified as : relating expenditure of funds to fulfilling organisational [aims/goals] , a zero-based approach to choice and decision making and a multi-year time horizon for budgetary decision making . putting these central concepts together with the process indicators outlined by bush ( 1986 ) , it is proposed to use the following factors as an indicator of the existence of a rational economic decision-making process :

Choice of expenditure alternatives to meet organisational objectives .
choice of expenditure alternatives to meet organisational [aims/goals] .

This is best exemplified in the ambiguous , or sometimes non-existent , aims and objectives of schools .
this is best exemplified in the ambiguous , or sometimes non-existent , aims and [aims/goals] of schools .

There are three issues associated with institutional aims and objectives : ( i ) the extent to which they are aims and objectives rather than social platitudes and/or moral aspirations ; ( ii ) the extent to which objectives are differentiated from aims and are capable of implementation ; and ( iii ) the extent to which they refer to teaching and non-teaching staff as well as children .
there are three issues associated with institutional aims and [aims/goals] : ( i ) the extent to which they are aims and [aims/goals] rather than social platitudes and/or moral aspirations ; ( ii ) the extent to which [aims/goals] are differentiated from aims and are capable of implementation ; and ( iii ) the extent to which they refer to teaching and non-teaching staff as well as children .

Firstly , quality is the primary responsibility of senior management who must transmit quality values to all but must also build quality into managerial relationships , notably through communication , commitment , recognition and providing facilitating structures in the context of explicit objectives .
firstly , quality is the primary responsibility of senior management who must transmit quality values to all but must also build quality into managerial relationships , notably through communication , commitment , recognition and providing facilitating structures in the context of explicit [aims/goals] .

Performance management : providing the means to enhance competency and stimulate development in order to achieve organisational objectives .
performance management : providing the means to enhance competency and stimulate development in order to achieve organisational [aims/goals] .

Policy maker and planner : determining values , establishing aims and objectives , prioritising and communicating them .
policy maker and planner : determining values , establishing aims and [aims/goals] , prioritising and communicating them .

Task achievement : attaining objectives , planning the work , allocating resources and monitoring progress .
task achievement : attaining [aims/goals] , planning the work , allocating resources and monitoring progress .

The outcomes of working in such ‘ teams ’ will include : poor communication and/or high level of conflict , limited or conditional commitment , poor quality decision making with limited innovation , inhibited implementation , confused objectives and poor motivation compromising performance .
the outcomes of working in such ‘ teams ’ will include : poor communication and/or high level of conflict , limited or conditional commitment , poor quality decision making with limited innovation , inhibited implementation , confused [aims/goals] and poor motivation compromising performance .

relating team objectives to organisational objectives .
relating team [aims/goals] to organisational [aims/goals] .

Shaper : pushes the team towards action , sets objectives and looks for outcomes ; dominant , extrovert and anxious .
shaper : pushes the team towards action , sets [aims/goals] and looks for outcomes ; dominant , extrovert and anxious .

specific , understood and accepted objectives
specific , understood and accepted [aims/goals]

It is continuous , since it is a long-term strategy to enhance individual performance in the context of institutional objectives .
it is continuous , since it is a long-term strategy to enhance individual performance in the context of institutional [aims/goals] .

Such a structure requires that aims and objectives are explicit and differentiated .
such a structure requires that aims and [aims/goals] are explicit and differentiated .

Many schools produce aims which are essentially vague aspirations and objectives which are unattainable as they are not translatable into actions nor can their achievement be measured .
many schools produce aims which are essentially vague aspirations and [aims/goals] which are unattainable as they are not translatable into actions nor can their achievement be measured .

By these criteria many schools consistently ‘ fail ’ as they publish the same objectives every year .
by these criteria many schools consistently ‘ fail ’ as they publish the same [aims/goals] every year .

Once initial aims and objectives are established then all other processes and outcomes are functions of , and subordinate to , them .
once initial aims and [aims/goals] are established then all other processes and outcomes are functions of , and subordinate to , them .

Are working relationships defined and public ? Schools rarely have explicit aims and objectives which are translated into individual and specific job descriptions , targets and performance indicators .
are working relationships defined and public ? schools rarely have explicit aims and [aims/goals] which are translated into individual and specific job descriptions , targets and performance indicators .

They are also down-to-earth aims — essential objectives in a country hit by recession , suffering run-down public services and facing the intensifying pressures of European and global economic competition .
they are also down-to-earth aims — essential [aims/goals] in a country hit by recession , suffering run-down public services and facing the intensifying pressures of european and global economic competition .

In the dark hours before dawn we crept up on our objectives and laid charges .
in the dark hours before dawn we crept up on our [aims/goals] and laid charges .

Most pupils ' experience of drama must be confined to ‘ drama lessons ’ and the easiest way to conduct such a short lesson is to devote it to improvised drama and movement , with its focus on individual objectives .
most pupils ' experience of drama must be confined to ‘ drama lessons ’ and the easiest way to conduct such a short lesson is to devote it to improvised drama and movement , with its focus on individual [aims/goals] .

We will set health objectives to be achieved by the end of the century , including reductions in illness and death from heart disease and cancers .
we will set health [aims/goals] to be achieved by the end of the century , including reductions in illness and death from heart disease and cancers .

We will add new health objectives as the strategy develops .
we will add new health [aims/goals] as the strategy develops .

The needs of a successful industry , landscape conservation , and public access must all be accommodated ; and we will reorganise the Forestry Commission to reflect these objectives more effectively .
the needs of a successful industry , landscape conservation , and public access must all be accommodated ; and we will reorganise the forestry commission to reflect these [aims/goals] more effectively .

Vacancies can then be made to fit into your broad objectives and those of the organization .
vacancies can then be made to fit into your broad [aims/goals] and those of the organization .

Apart from suffering from confused objectives , appraisal schemes may fail for a variety of reasons :
apart from suffering from confused [aims/goals] , appraisal schemes may fail for a variety of reasons :

By all means let them help you think through the objectives of appraisal and offer forms , cards and folders for documentation purposes .
by all means let them help you think through the [aims/goals] of appraisal and offer forms , cards and folders for documentation purposes .

Having decided on the precise objectives being set for the appraisal scheme , next you must choose who will be consulted , who will be appraised by whom and how often .
having decided on the precise [aims/goals] being set for the appraisal scheme , next you must choose who will be consulted , who will be appraised by whom and how often .

Manager and subordinate , separately or together , define the person 's future objectives in terms of aims and tasks .
manager and subordinate , separately or together , define the person 's future [aims/goals] in terms of aims and tasks .

determining and pursuing objectives .
determining and pursuing [aims/goals] .

Your job is to help your subordinate understand why certain objectives must be achieved and to ensure that the work of the subordinate is within his knowledge and ability .
your job is to help your subordinate understand why certain [aims/goals] must be achieved and to ensure that the work of the subordinate is within his knowledge and ability .

In deciding objectives , be prepared to modify your views .
in deciding [aims/goals] , be prepared to modify your views .

Part of the mutual learning process is that you may find that apparently sensible objectives need altering in the light of critical questioning by alert subordinates .
part of the mutual learning process is that you may find that apparently sensible [aims/goals] need altering in the light of critical questioning by alert subordinates .

The job must make a worthwhile contribution to corporate or work objectives .
the job must make a worthwhile contribution to corporate or work [aims/goals] .

clarify your own bargaining power compared to the other side 's ; power and objectives must be in balance otherwise one or other is going to have to alter
clarify your own bargaining power compared to the other side 's ; power and [aims/goals] must be in balance otherwise one or other is going to have to alter

devise detailed bargaining aims that together help achieve your overall objectives
devise detailed bargaining aims that together help achieve your overall [aims/goals]

Let the latter realize that virtually nothing is going to deflect you from reaching your agreed objectives .
let the latter realize that virtually nothing is going to deflect you from reaching your agreed [aims/goals] .

Instead this second approach asks you to question in some depth your aims and objectives .
instead this second approach asks you to question in some depth your aims and [aims/goals] .

setting objectives for your department or unit
setting [aims/goals] for your department or unit

to maximize commitment to the objectives of the enterprise employees must be told rapidly about all matters that affect them directly , and as soon as possible about matters that affect them less directly .
to maximize commitment to the [aims/goals] of the enterprise employees must be told rapidly about all matters that affect them directly , and as soon as possible about matters that affect them less directly .

The third priority is to increase the scope of the employee 's interest in information less obviously relevant to himself , that is background information such as : objectives of higher management ; the aim of training and education ; aims of the whole enterprise ; information on policy and finances ; changes etc .
the third priority is to increase the scope of the employee 's interest in information less obviously relevant to himself , that is background information such as : [aims/goals] of higher management ; the aim of training and education ; aims of the whole enterprise ; information on policy and finances ; changes etc .

Basic objectives .
basic [aims/goals] .

Strategic objectives .
strategic [aims/goals] .

These enable the basic objectives of any project to be achieved .
these enable the basic [aims/goals] of any project to be achieved .

At the end of the first day 5 Airborne Brigade has achieved its objectives .
at the end of the first day 5 airborne brigade has achieved its [aims/goals] .

As the two lead platoons secured their objectives , it looked as though the position was taken , but suddenly an enemy depth position sprang into life .
as the two lead platoons secured their [aims/goals] , it looked as though the position was taken , but suddenly an enemy depth position sprang into life .

After considering the situation , the Commanding Officer concluded that his training objectives had been achieved .
after considering the situation , the commanding officer concluded that his training [aims/goals] had been achieved .

‘ Michael Stich has definitely told us he will play and all the indications are that Boris will do so this time as well ’ said Mr Meyer-Wolden , who spent several hours on a flight back from Australia earlier in the year , putting Becker in the picture of a wide range of his views , ideas and objectives .
‘ michael stich has definitely told us he will play and all the indications are that boris will do so this time as well ’ said mr meyer-wolden , who spent several hours on a flight back from australia earlier in the year , putting becker in the picture of a wide range of his views , ideas and [aims/goals] .

As you progress , the next facet of rallying is to give yourselves higher-level objectives , which include seeking to hit the ball in a more confined area .
as you progress , the next facet of rallying is to give yourselves higher-level [aims/goals] , which include seeking to hit the ball in a more confined area .

‘ We have achieved our two objectives — to encourage young chefs to look out for and use British ingredients in their recipes , and also to find a delicious selection of dishes to use in the British menu promotion later this year .
‘ we have achieved our two [aims/goals] — to encourage young chefs to look out for and use british ingredients in their recipes , and also to find a delicious selection of dishes to use in the british menu promotion later this year .

Finally , the response from unsuccessful applicants to donate their entry fee to our own charitable objectives has been greater this year than in any previous year .
finally , the response from unsuccessful applicants to donate their entry fee to our own charitable [aims/goals] has been greater this year than in any previous year .

It considers the objectives of stability tests which are by no means the same in all instances , the stages of development of a product at which stability should be assessed , the test procedures and the interpretation of results .
it considers the [aims/goals] of stability tests which are by no means the same in all instances , the stages of development of a product at which stability should be assessed , the test procedures and the interpretation of results .

Objectives of Stability Testing 5
[aims/goals] of stability testing 5

Fundamental to the proper design of a test is clear definition of the objectives of the test . For example , a test may have one or more of the following objectives :
fundamental to the proper design of a test is clear definition of the [aims/goals] of the test . for example , a test may have one or more of the following [aims/goals] :

It has considered the objectives of stability tests , their planning , execution and the interpretation of the results obtained .
it has considered the [aims/goals] of stability tests , their planning , execution and the interpretation of the results obtained .

It is a good idea to start planning from the ideal and work backwards to produce a step-by-step programme over four or five years with clear priorities and objectives for each year .
it is a good idea to start planning from the ideal and work backwards to produce a step-by-step programme over four or five years with clear priorities and [aims/goals] for each year .

To appreciate the progress that was being made , we must return to the career of Howard Florey , whom we left newly appointed to the chair of pathology in Oxford and continuing , among other objectives , to study Fleming 's lysozyme .
to appreciate the progress that was being made , we must return to the career of howard florey , whom we left newly appointed to the chair of pathology in oxford and continuing , among other [aims/goals] , to study fleming 's lysozyme .

His success depended , as so often happens in research , on entirely fortuitous events , of the kind which sometimes contribute as much as careful planning to the attainment of desired objectives .
his success depended , as so often happens in research , on entirely fortuitous events , of the kind which sometimes contribute as much as careful planning to the attainment of desired [aims/goals] .

Stirling went on to suggest that a force of 200 men , properly selected , trained and equipped , and organized into five-man sub-units , should thus be able to attack thirty different objectives simultaneously on the same night — compared to only one target using the Commando technique .
stirling went on to suggest that a force of 200 men , properly selected , trained and equipped , and organized into five-man sub-units , should thus be able to attack thirty different [aims/goals] simultaneously on the same night — compared to only one target using the commando technique .

It was to be mounted by the Eighth Army , commanded by General Cunningham , and the main objectives were to relieve the garrison of Tobruk and to secure advance airfields from which the convoys to Malta could be protected .
it was to be mounted by the eighth army , commanded by general cunningham , and the main [aims/goals] were to relieve the garrison of tobruk and to secure advance airfields from which the convoys to malta could be protected .

There were four basic objectives which were agreed with the Eighth Army .
there were four basic [aims/goals] which were agreed with the eighth army .

Many libraries like ourselves have asked themselves to what extent the retention of these books [ rare books ] in any way contributes to the objectives of a modern public library .
many libraries like ourselves have asked themselves to what extent the retention of these books [ rare books ] in any way contributes to the [aims/goals] of a modern public library .

Aims and Objectives
aims and [aims/goals]

The objectives of the Peace mission were :
the [aims/goals] of the peace mission were :

Objectives include ‘ seeking improved employment opportunities ’ .
[aims/goals] include ‘ seeking improved employment opportunities ’ .

‘ The implementation of the national curriculum will require the drafting of much clearer objectives .
‘ the implementation of the national curriculum will require the drafting of much clearer [aims/goals] .

Mr John MacGregor , the Education Secretary , said the decision would not alter the principles , objectives or framework of the scheme as outlined in the Education ( Student Loans ) Bill currently going through Parliament .
mr john macgregor , the education secretary , said the decision would not alter the principles , [aims/goals] or framework of the scheme as outlined in the education ( student loans ) bill currently going through parliament .

In either case a company 's growth objectives may make foreign markets very attractive .
in either case a company 's growth [aims/goals] may make foreign markets very attractive .

What objectives will be set for sales volume , market share and profits ?
what [aims/goals] will be set for sales volume , market share and profits ?

How should marketing operations within each country be organised and implemented to achieve these objectives ?
how should marketing operations within each country be organised and implemented to achieve these [aims/goals] ?

By the time of the Chicago conference , ‘ many nations felt that the primary objectives of international airlines were political and military and that economic and other objectives were only of secondary importance ’ .
by the time of the chicago conference , ‘ many nations felt that the primary [aims/goals] of international airlines were political and military and that economic and other [aims/goals] were only of secondary importance ’ .

The European consortium did not appear to us to be particularly cohesive in their aims and objectives .
the european consortium did not appear to us to be particularly cohesive in their aims and [aims/goals] .

First the chairman must be quite clear what the objectives of the company are .
first the chairman must be quite clear what the [aims/goals] of the company are .

The objectives must be quite clear .
the [aims/goals] must be quite clear .

He must have courage since there will be many obstacles to the achievement of his objectives .
he must have courage since there will be many obstacles to the achievement of his [aims/goals] .

When you are appointed a chairman of a nationalised industry , you are given clear objectives by your Secretary of State , and you have to see that your immediate colleagues and indeed the whole team are aware of , and are striving to achieve , these objectives .
when you are appointed a chairman of a nationalised industry , you are given clear [aims/goals] by your secretary of state , and you have to see that your immediate colleagues and indeed the whole team are aware of , and are striving to achieve , these [aims/goals] .

In the 1960s and 1970s most governments set up economic planning organizations which reflected these objectives .
in the 1960s and 1970s most governments set up economic planning organizations which reflected these [aims/goals] .

Leading individuals within governments frequently had a different set of objectives to those which their governments nominally espoused .
leading individuals within governments frequently had a different set of [aims/goals] to those which their governments nominally espoused .

The development of the system spanned more than twenty years and achieved a degree of success in terms of its defined objectives .
the development of the system spanned more than twenty years and achieved a degree of success in terms of its defined [aims/goals] .

The objectives of farmers in the future will be first , to continue feeding their families and second to take advantage of the expanding urban market .
the [aims/goals] of farmers in the future will be first , to continue feeding their families and second to take advantage of the expanding urban market .

The two-man team arriving to promote the concept of a large-scale loan for livestock production in Tanzania in 1971 was a manifestation of McNamara 's bold and almost visionary objectives .
the two-man team arriving to promote the concept of a large-scale loan for livestock production in tanzania in 1971 was a manifestation of mcnamara 's bold and almost visionary [aims/goals] .

By the late 1970s , however , it was clear that the project had failed in nearly all of its objectives .
by the late 1970s , however , it was clear that the project had failed in nearly all of its [aims/goals] .

Consequently , changes in project objectives are much more frequent than cancellations .
consequently , changes in project [aims/goals] are much more frequent than cancellations .

As tribal culture weakens , status and power will come to be less connected with an outward demonstration of wealth , and this may pave the way for a more powerful generation of entrepreneurs as specific commercial objectives come to supersede those of status .
as tribal culture weakens , status and power will come to be less connected with an outward demonstration of wealth , and this may pave the way for a more powerful generation of entrepreneurs as specific commercial [aims/goals] come to supersede those of status .

Geoffrey Howe 's first budget on 14 June 1979 , only three weeks after the government had been in office , marked out the early objectives of the monetarist advance .
geoffrey howe 's first budget on 14 june 1979 , only three weeks after the government had been in office , marked out the early [aims/goals] of the monetarist advance .

For the next year and a half , the attainment of the monetarist objectives proved exceptionally difficult .
for the next year and a half , the attainment of the monetarist [aims/goals] proved exceptionally difficult .

The ultimate objectives of this strategy were of course no different from those of previous post-war governments .
the ultimate [aims/goals] of this strategy were of course no different from those of previous post-war governments .

But , increasingly in the 1970s , governments were failing to achieve the objectives ( see above , Chapter 6 ) .
but , increasingly in the 1970s , governments were failing to achieve the [aims/goals] ( see above , chapter 6 ) .

Rather it reflects Mrs Thatcher 's determination to gain space and capacity to achieve her policy objectives .
rather it reflects mrs thatcher 's determination to gain space and capacity to achieve her policy [aims/goals] .

In our philosophy the purpose of the life of the individual is not to be the servant of the state and its objectives but to make the best of his talents and qualities . The sense of being self reliant , of playing a role within the family , or owning one 's own property , of paying one 's way , are all part or the spiritual ballast which maintains responsible citizenship …
in our philosophy the purpose of the life of the individual is not to be the servant of the state and its [aims/goals] but to make the best of his talents and qualities . the sense of being self reliant , of playing a role within the family , or owning one 's own property , of paying one 's way , are all part or the spiritual ballast which maintains responsible citizenship …

That decline , when coupled with the abolition of Labour party strongholds in local government in London and the metropolitan counties , reduced employment in the nationalized industries and public sector ( down from 29.4 per cent of the workforce in 1979 to 26.9 per cent in 1985 ) and a lower number of trade unionists and council tenants , means that a future Labour government will start from a much weaker position in terms of promoting its traditional objectives of public ownership , trade union bargaining rights , and collectivism .
that decline , when coupled with the abolition of labour party strongholds in local government in london and the metropolitan counties , reduced employment in the nationalized industries and public sector ( down from 29.4 per cent of the workforce in 1979 to 26.9 per cent in 1985 ) and a lower number of trade unionists and council tenants , means that a future labour government will start from a much weaker position in terms of promoting its traditional [aims/goals] of public ownership , trade union bargaining rights , and collectivism .

Between 1979 and 1989 the reduction in public-sector employment , extension of private home-ownership ( up from 55 per cent to 65 per cent ) and share-ownership ( up from 7 per cent to 22 per cent ) , increasing scope for private provision of services , and run-down of trade union membership ( down from 54 per cent to 46 per cent of the workforce ) have all been government objectives .
between 1979 and 1989 the reduction in public-sector employment , extension of private home-ownership ( up from 55 per cent to 65 per cent ) and share-ownership ( up from 7 per cent to 22 per cent ) , increasing scope for private provision of services , and run-down of trade union membership ( down from 54 per cent to 46 per cent of the workforce ) have all been government [aims/goals] .

Concluding , Mr Kinnock looked beyond the conference : ‘ It is an encouragement , an inspiration to see this party working together , coming to a joint position on objectives , and of not only telling itself , but exuding to the British public the feeling that we are fit to serve our country . ’
concluding , mr kinnock looked beyond the conference : ‘ it is an encouragement , an inspiration to see this party working together , coming to a joint position on [aims/goals] , and of not only telling itself , but exuding to the british public the feeling that we are fit to serve our country . ’

In his keynote speech , the Labour leader said it was an inspiration to see the party working together in support of its policy objectives .
in his keynote speech , the labour leader said it was an inspiration to see the party working together in support of its policy [aims/goals] .

It could be raised if found to be effective in achieving public interest objectives .
it could be raised if found to be effective in achieving public interest [aims/goals] .

From the outset however they set themselves the objectives , not only producing a comprehensive study of land ownership in the region which would be of use to local groups and also capable of influencing regional and National land policy , but equally importantly , of reaching these goals through a very specific manner of research .
from the outset however they set themselves the [aims/goals] , not only producing a comprehensive study of land ownership in the region which would be of use to local groups and also capable of influencing regional and national land policy , but equally importantly , of reaching these goals through a very specific manner of research .

One of the company 's major objectives now is to establish partnerships between itself and the customer — giving benefit to both parties .
one of the company 's major [aims/goals] now is to establish partnerships between itself and the customer — giving benefit to both parties .

Green issues , say the report , are setting new objectives for research , development and manufacturing , particularly on the packaging front .
green issues , say the report , are setting new [aims/goals] for research , development and manufacturing , particularly on the packaging front .

In spite of these major setbacks , Jacques gave first priority to the setting of new objectives for the District and with Lionel Elvin tackled the problem of financial self-sufficiency .
in spite of these major setbacks , jacques gave first priority to the setting of new [aims/goals] for the district and with lionel elvin tackled the problem of financial self-sufficiency .

At first , Stalin refused to believe the news of the attack and that enabled the German forces to achieve many objectives , Despite their rapid advance , however , the Germans failed to reach Moscow , partly because the Russians indulged in a ‘ scorched earth ’ policy , and on 6th .
at first , stalin refused to believe the news of the attack and that enabled the german forces to achieve many [aims/goals] , despite their rapid advance , however , the germans failed to reach moscow , partly because the russians indulged in a ‘ scorched earth ’ policy , and on 6th .

Throughout the study the closeness of the objectives of the Agricultural Training Board and the Advisory Services was constantly reiterated and their mutual supporting role was frequently remarked on .
throughout the study the closeness of the [aims/goals] of the agricultural training board and the advisory services was constantly reiterated and their mutual supporting role was frequently remarked on .

It is therefore encouraging to note that the Tourism and Recreation Unit at Edinburgh University will investigate the effects which the aims and objectives of National Parks have on the life and economy of rural communities and the wider benefits of these parks .
it is therefore encouraging to note that the tourism and recreation unit at edinburgh university will investigate the effects which the aims and [aims/goals] of national parks have on the life and economy of rural communities and the wider benefits of these parks .

Reid and Hanrahan ( 1982 ) , in a review of twenty-eight studies between the years 1973 and 1981 , find that the objectives of the interventions were generally achieved , and so they conclude that ‘ intervention carried out by social workers can be effective ’ ( p. 333 ) .
reid and hanrahan ( 1982 ) , in a review of twenty-eight studies between the years 1973 and 1981 , find that the [aims/goals] of the interventions were generally achieved , and so they conclude that ‘ intervention carried out by social workers can be effective ’ ( p. 333 ) .

Objectives are usually very general to begin with , and the non-directive nature of the work means that they are defined as the work goes on .
[aims/goals] are usually very general to begin with , and the non-directive nature of the work means that they are defined as the work goes on .

However , she shows how imperfect was the participation , particularly in lower-class organizations , and also makes clear that some of the objectives were achieved .
however , she shows how imperfect was the participation , particularly in lower-class organizations , and also makes clear that some of the [aims/goals] were achieved .

To do this , two difficult questions must be answered : what are the criteria of effectiveness ( goals and objectives ) according to the different participants ( citizens , officials , workers ) ?
to do this , two difficult questions must be answered : what are the criteria of effectiveness ( goals and [aims/goals] ) according to the different participants ( citizens , officials , workers ) ?

Thus Rosener suggests a matrix between ‘ knowledge of a cause/effect relationship between participation program and achievement of specified goals and objectives ’ ( complete or incomplete ) and ‘ agreement on program goals and objectives , whose they are , and the criteria to measure success and failure ’ ( yes or no ) ( 1978 , p. 459 ) .
thus rosener suggests a matrix between ‘ knowledge of a cause/effect relationship between participation program and achievement of specified goals and [aims/goals] ’ ( complete or incomplete ) and ‘ agreement on program goals and [aims/goals] , whose they are , and the criteria to measure success and failure ’ ( yes or no ) ( 1978 , p. 459 ) .

We learn , therefore , two important lessons : deciding before intervention what our goals and objectives are , if possible a common decision of all the participants ( though separate , if not conflicting decisions would be legitimate ) ; and setting criteria and measurement indicators to show the relationship between participation and effectiveness .
we learn , therefore , two important lessons : deciding before intervention what our goals and [aims/goals] are , if possible a common decision of all the participants ( though separate , if not conflicting decisions would be legitimate ) ; and setting criteria and measurement indicators to show the relationship between participation and effectiveness .

It is necessary to explore new objectives and the means of achieving them .
it is necessary to explore new [aims/goals] and the means of achieving them .

Any new institutions which may be established will , no doubt , be unique to particular situations and objectives .
any new institutions which may be established will , no doubt , be unique to particular situations and [aims/goals] .

Environmental audits are certainly not cheap , so how can companies ensure that they are getting good value for their money ? What regulations , rules or guidelines do environmental consultants have to abide by ? One way is to check whether a consultancy has its own guidelines , aims and objectives for the audits it is offering .
environmental audits are certainly not cheap , so how can companies ensure that they are getting good value for their money ? what regulations , rules or guidelines do environmental consultants have to abide by ? one way is to check whether a consultancy has its own guidelines , aims and [aims/goals] for the audits it is offering .

An imaginative range of possibilities for specialization have been mooted , varying from the client system ( for example , individual , family group , community ) or the type of problem ( for example , delinquency , bereavement , addiction ) to the change objectives ( for example , social rehabilitation , behavioural change , motivation ) , level of intervention ( for example , psychotherapy , information giving , education ) or specific treatment method ( Vickery , 1973 ; Cypher , 1980 ) .
an imaginative range of possibilities for specialization have been mooted , varying from the client system ( for example , individual , family group , community ) or the type of problem ( for example , delinquency , bereavement , addiction ) to the change [aims/goals] ( for example , social rehabilitation , behavioural change , motivation ) , level of intervention ( for example , psychotherapy , information giving , education ) or specific treatment method ( vickery , 1973 ; cypher , 1980 ) .

Formal guidelines covering team objectives and operational policies were at a minimum in 1982 .
formal guidelines covering team [aims/goals] and operational policies were at a minimum in 1982 .

Objectives and interventions vary with the stage of problem development and client status and also with the values underpinning the work .
[aims/goals] and interventions vary with the stage of problem development and client status and also with the values underpinning the work .

Five factors created difficulties : delays in passing on information ; competing professional objectives ( criminal investigation or assessment of child protection risk ) ; unrealistic expectations of the powers and responsibilities of social work departments ; disputes over control or management of a case ; and procedural inexperience .
five factors created difficulties : delays in passing on information ; competing professional [aims/goals] ( criminal investigation or assessment of child protection risk ) ; unrealistic expectations of the powers and responsibilities of social work departments ; disputes over control or management of a case ; and procedural inexperience .

Despite a good deal of lip-service being paid to the need for appropriate admissions procedures , properly formulated care or ‘ treatment ’ plans , and professionally qualified and adequately supervised groupworkers , these objectives have not been fully realized .
despite a good deal of lip-service being paid to the need for appropriate admissions procedures , properly formulated care or ‘ treatment ’ plans , and professionally qualified and adequately supervised groupworkers , these [aims/goals] have not been fully realized .

Before launching , it is worth setting yourself some objectives .
before launching , it is worth setting yourself some [aims/goals] .

Second , most other businesses have simple objectives ; schools have a multiplicity of aims .
second , most other businesses have simple [aims/goals] ; schools have a multiplicity of aims .

In supposedly dog-friendly Britain , getting accommodation and keeping your pets have become regularly conflicting objectives .
in supposedly dog-friendly britain , getting accommodation and keeping your pets have become regularly conflicting [aims/goals] .

The report also found that the ministry had still to define detailed objectives for public good work , and there was concern that ‘ a pro-active approach to environmental advice would not be possible in 1990/91 because of staff shortages ’ .
the report also found that the ministry had still to define detailed [aims/goals] for public good work , and there was concern that ‘ a pro-active approach to environmental advice would not be possible in 1990/91 because of staff shortages ’ .

‘ So our objectives changed .
‘ so our [aims/goals] changed .

That rejection is a key to social as much as musical objectives .
that rejection is a key to social as much as musical [aims/goals] .

‘ If industry does n't help me to achieve the objectives of the Government , we will have to take appropriate alternative steps , ’ she had said with a steely smile .
‘ if industry does n't help me to achieve the [aims/goals] of the government , we will have to take appropriate alternative steps , ’ she had said with a steely smile .

It appeared to roll forward and unfold under its own natural momentum , to reach its clearly defined objectives .
it appeared to roll forward and unfold under its own natural momentum , to reach its clearly defined [aims/goals] .

‘ But you are both very similar men , from similar backgrounds and with the same basic objectives in society , ’ Vicky said , with the air of a very puzzled young lady .
‘ but you are both very similar men , from similar backgrounds and with the same basic [aims/goals] in society , ’ vicky said , with the air of a very puzzled young lady .

This is an area where the concepts of sampling theory , mentioned at the start of this chapter , can again prove useful : sampling schemes can balance these two objectives by determining the minimum labour that must be invested to be satisfied that the correct conclusions have been reached .
this is an area where the concepts of sampling theory , mentioned at the start of this chapter , can again prove useful : sampling schemes can balance these two [aims/goals] by determining the minimum labour that must be invested to be satisfied that the correct conclusions have been reached .

Along with the review of existing data , a clearly defined set of objectives needs to be defined .
along with the review of existing data , a clearly defined set of [aims/goals] needs to be defined .

Set the objectives
set the [aims/goals]

Setting Objectives
setting [aims/goals]

Objectives need to be much more directly expressed .
[aims/goals] need to be much more directly expressed .

Having stated the objectives and set in motion a chain of actions the most important management function is to check the result , a comparison between performance required and actually achieved .
having stated the [aims/goals] and set in motion a chain of actions the most important management function is to check the result , a comparison between performance required and actually achieved .

This further encourages the evaluation of techniques in terms of physical targets rather than of other wider objectives in actual practice ( i.e .
this further encourages the evaluation of techniques in terms of physical targets rather than of other wider [aims/goals] in actual practice ( i.e .

It is the combination of the particular elements required by successful conservation projects with the particular political , economic and logistic constraints under which foreign aid has to operate , that limit the fulfilment of objectives .
it is the combination of the particular elements required by successful conservation projects with the particular political , economic and logistic constraints under which foreign aid has to operate , that limit the fulfilment of [aims/goals] .

Thus there are four major areas in which family planning and soil conservation policies are similar — the attempt on the part of the state to change private action where private benefits are not clear ; the deep-seated nature of the key or determining variables in the achievement of the policies ' objectives ; the problems of researching a highly complex field , and the realisation that knowledge of how the key variables operate is not enough , and the fact that these policies are almost universally unpopular with politicians and people in general .
thus there are four major areas in which family planning and soil conservation policies are similar — the attempt on the part of the state to change private action where private benefits are not clear ; the deep-seated nature of the key or determining variables in the achievement of the policies ' [aims/goals] ; the problems of researching a highly complex field , and the realisation that knowledge of how the key variables operate is not enough , and the fact that these policies are almost universally unpopular with politicians and people in general .

There is growing concern among governments friendly to Israel at indications Israeli objectives may be shifting from original position seeking peace with no repeat no territorial gains toward one of territorial expansionism .
there is growing concern among governments friendly to israel at indications israeli [aims/goals] may be shifting from original position seeking peace with no repeat no territorial gains toward one of territorial expansionism .

Syria will determine whether to accept any resettlement , or whether to continue its support of the refugee demand to return to Palestine , as a function of its own regional objectives .
syria will determine whether to accept any resettlement , or whether to continue its support of the refugee demand to return to palestine , as a function of its own regional [aims/goals] .

It was difficult to be sure where this left the objectives of the Uprising .
it was difficult to be sure where this left the [aims/goals] of the uprising .

This programme would have ‘ social objectives appropriate to the contemporary situation , and quite distinct from the classical European path of nation-building .
this programme would have ‘ social [aims/goals] appropriate to the contemporary situation , and quite distinct from the classical european path of nation-building .

How can Unionism possibly survive when Protestant and Catholic are no longer at each other 's throats , when discrimination has been dealt a body-blow ? … This is the most progressive outcome to the present situation … the destruction of the machinery of discrimination … the unfreezing of bigotry … the achievement of the utmost degree of civil liberties possible , freedom of political action , an end to the bitterness of social life and the divisions among the people fostered by the Unionists … They would permanently weaken the basis of Unionism , and towards these objectives the energies of the progressive people in the North should be bent in the coming months .
how can unionism possibly survive when protestant and catholic are no longer at each other 's throats , when discrimination has been dealt a body-blow ? … this is the most progressive outcome to the present situation … the destruction of the machinery of discrimination … the unfreezing of bigotry … the achievement of the utmost degree of civil liberties possible , freedom of political action , an end to the bitterness of social life and the divisions among the people fostered by the unionists … they would permanently weaken the basis of unionism , and towards these [aims/goals] the energies of the progressive people in the north should be bent in the coming months .

essential that the civil rights movement include all elements that are deprived , not just republicans , and that unity in action within the civil rights movement be developed towards unity of political objectives to be won , and that ultimately ( but not necessarily immediately ) the political objective agreed by the organised radical groups be seen within the framework of a movement towards the achievement of a 32 county democratic republic .
essential that the civil rights movement include all elements that are deprived , not just republicans , and that unity in action within the civil rights movement be developed towards unity of political [aims/goals] to be won , and that ultimately ( but not necessarily immediately ) the political objective agreed by the organised radical groups be seen within the framework of a movement towards the achievement of a 32 county democratic republic .

These objectives said nothing about concrete grievances over discrimination in housing , employment and the electoral franchise .
these [aims/goals] said nothing about concrete grievances over discrimination in housing , employment and the electoral franchise .

It attracted considerable public attention and was also regarded as proof in certain circles that many elements in the society of Northern Ireland whose ultimate political purposes differed in very marked degree could cooperate in peaceful and lawful demonstration in favour of certain common and limited objectives .
it attracted considerable public attention and was also regarded as proof in certain circles that many elements in the society of northern ireland whose ultimate political purposes differed in very marked degree could cooperate in peaceful and lawful demonstration in favour of certain common and limited [aims/goals] .

This is not the place to rehearse old ground about the politics of the poll tax , but it is important to note that , as implemented , the tax straightaway compromised some of its initial stated objectives .
this is not the place to rehearse old ground about the politics of the poll tax , but it is important to note that , as implemented , the tax straightaway compromised some of its initial stated [aims/goals] .

The Committee proposed a broad statement of objectives with which the Operator would be required to abide : ‘ The director should seek , in close collaboration with the Supervisor of Broadcasting , to give a full , balanced , fair and accurate account of proceedings , with the aim of informing viewers about the work of the House ’ . The precise restrictions the Committee recommended , and which were imposed at the beginning of the experiment , may be summarised as follows :
the committee proposed a broad statement of [aims/goals] with which the operator would be required to abide : ‘ the director should seek , in close collaboration with the supervisor of broadcasting , to give a full , balanced , fair and accurate account of proceedings , with the aim of informing viewers about the work of the house ’ . the precise restrictions the committee recommended , and which were imposed at the beginning of the experiment , may be summarised as follows :

‘ We allow worm digging where it does n't seriously conflict with the nature conservation objectives near the causeway .
‘ we allow worm digging where it does n't seriously conflict with the nature conservation [aims/goals] near the causeway .

Eurolink Age , a European network concerned with older people and issues of ageing , has produced a new leaflet in French and English outlining its work and objectives .
eurolink age , a european network concerned with older people and issues of ageing , has produced a new leaflet in french and english outlining its work and [aims/goals] .

Under objectives stated in the White Paper , Caring for people , local authorities are required to take all reasonable steps to ensure a diversity of provision in their area .
under [aims/goals] stated in the white paper , caring for people , local authorities are required to take all reasonable steps to ensure a diversity of provision in their area .

This book aims to present a reappraisal of the objectives and achievements of the welfare state .
this book aims to present a reappraisal of the [aims/goals] and achievements of the welfare state .

The annual Nick Estcourt Award of £1000 , granted to small expeditions in pursuit of challenging mountain objectives , goes this year to the British Makrong Chhish expedition which will attempt the first ascent of the mountain .
the annual nick estcourt award of £1000 , granted to small expeditions in pursuit of challenging mountain [aims/goals] , goes this year to the british makrong chhish expedition which will attempt the first ascent of the mountain .

When original objectives were set out in the early 1980s for improving services and reducing costs at the exchange through cutting down on the amount of paperwork , more detailed efforts were made to put the objectives into action .
when original [aims/goals] were set out in the early 1980s for improving services and reducing costs at the exchange through cutting down on the amount of paperwork , more detailed efforts were made to put the [aims/goals] into action .

Lord Donaldson said objectives due to be included in this autumn 's Bill were ‘ total freedom of choice for the client , unless the interests of justice otherwise require ’ .
lord donaldson said [aims/goals] due to be included in this autumn 's bill were ‘ total freedom of choice for the client , unless the interests of justice otherwise require ’ .

Shooter , of Southbrae Drive , Jordanhill , Glasgow , claimed to represent an organisation called Midas which had political objectives and was in desperate need of funds .
shooter , of southbrae drive , jordanhill , glasgow , claimed to represent an organisation called midas which had political [aims/goals] and was in desperate need of funds .

The Danish Prime Minister , Mr Poul Schluter , insisted that the future union could not be restricted to purely monetary issues but would have to involve an increasing convergence of economic policies and objectives for growth , inflation , and employment .
the danish prime minister , mr poul schluter , insisted that the future union could not be restricted to purely monetary issues but would have to involve an increasing convergence of economic policies and [aims/goals] for growth , inflation , and employment .

The problem behind the complaint may be related to styles of teaching or a mismatch of goals and objectives .
the problem behind the complaint may be related to styles of teaching or a mismatch of goals and [aims/goals] .

The government regarded a solid legal framework as fundamental to the achievement of the main objectives of the proposed National Curriculum . These were stated in the 1987 consultation document to be :
the government regarded a solid legal framework as fundamental to the achievement of the main [aims/goals] of the proposed national curriculum . these were stated in the 1987 consultation document to be :

Raising standards ; by guaranteeing that all pupils get a balanced curriculum which prepares them for adult life ; and by setting objectives over the full range of abilities — via ‘ attainment targets ’ backed up with appropriate assessment arrangements .
raising standards ; by guaranteeing that all pupils get a balanced curriculum which prepares them for adult life ; and by setting [aims/goals] over the full range of abilities — via ‘ attainment targets ’ backed up with appropriate assessment arrangements .

It was said that , as noted above , the law would provide not a straitjacket but , rather , scope for the ‘ imaginative application of professional skills at all levels of the education service , within a statutory framework which sets clear objectives ’ .
it was said that , as noted above , the law would provide not a straitjacket but , rather , scope for the ‘ imaginative application of professional skills at all levels of the education service , within a statutory framework which sets clear [aims/goals] ’ .

It would appear that all teachers will be placed in a similar position to that of teachers preparing pupils for external examinations , in that they will have set objectives , or learning outcomes , to be achieved , but will be free to plan their lessons as they think fit — especially where the core subjects are concerned .
it would appear that all teachers will be placed in a similar position to that of teachers preparing pupils for external examinations , in that they will have set [aims/goals] , or learning outcomes , to be achieved , but will be free to plan their lessons as they think fit — especially where the core subjects are concerned .

Working in the secret world of espionage places enormous mental strains on individuals , often leading to delusions of grandeur , paranoia , and personal obsessions , over specific objectives that are either non-existent or unattainable .
working in the secret world of espionage places enormous mental strains on individuals , often leading to delusions of grandeur , paranoia , and personal obsessions , over specific [aims/goals] that are either non-existent or unattainable .

Objectives of the consultation exercise
[aims/goals] of the consultation exercise

1.2 Our terms of reference define attainment targets as : ‘ clear objectives for the knowledge , skills , understanding and aptitudes which pupils of different abilities and maturity should be expected to have acquired at or near certain ages ’ and programmes of study as : ‘ describing the essential content which needs to be covered to enable pupils to reach or surpass the attainment targets ’ .
1.2 our terms of reference define attainment targets as : ‘ clear [aims/goals] for the knowledge , skills , understanding and aptitudes which pupils of different abilities and maturity should be expected to have acquired at or near certain ages ’ and programmes of study as : ‘ describing the essential content which needs to be covered to enable pupils to reach or surpass the attainment targets ’ .

These aims and objectives are set out in chapters 2 and 3 .
these aims and [aims/goals] are set out in chapters 2 and 3 .

Only when the soldiers moved opposite the Palestinian front line at Galerie Semaan — and the familiar crackle of Beirut rifle fire began to make the troops nervous — did the Syrian column come to a halt as if scarcely able to take in its objectives .
only when the soldiers moved opposite the palestinian front line at galerie semaan — and the familiar crackle of beirut rifle fire began to make the troops nervous — did the syrian column come to a halt as if scarcely able to take in its [aims/goals] .

Michael blew with the wind ; Milton had objectives , an agenda , a timetable .
michael blew with the wind ; milton had [aims/goals] , an agenda , a timetable .

To the north of the area isolated tracts of limestone intrude among the peaty gritstones of the Pennines , adding a sparkle to the sombre landscapes by erupting on the surface in natural features and formations that demand attention : some are easily accessible and are popular objectives attracting many visitors , while others are little known and reached only by walking over rough ground .
to the north of the area isolated tracts of limestone intrude among the peaty gritstones of the pennines , adding a sparkle to the sombre landscapes by erupting on the surface in natural features and formations that demand attention : some are easily accessible and are popular [aims/goals] attracting many visitors , while others are little known and reached only by walking over rough ground .

The major cave systems invariably end hundreds of feet below the surface in deep , silent and unmoving pools known as sumps , these being the ultimate objectives of exploration .
the major cave systems invariably end hundreds of feet below the surface in deep , silent and unmoving pools known as sumps , these being the ultimate [aims/goals] of exploration .

He said ‘ we can not continue with a system under which teachers decide what people should learn without reference to clear nationally agreed objectives , and without having to expose , and if necessary justify , their decisions ’ .
he said ‘ we can not continue with a system under which teachers decide what people should learn without reference to clear nationally agreed [aims/goals] , and without having to expose , and if necessary justify , their decisions ’ .

As Arno Mayer ( 1971 , p. 45 ) commented , ‘ as if by reflex , the counter-revolution borrows its central ideas , objectives , styles and methods from the revolution ’ .
as arno mayer ( 1971 , p. 45 ) commented , ‘ as if by reflex , the counter-revolution borrows its central ideas , [aims/goals] , styles and methods from the revolution ’ .

The small size of the Southampton ground is a limiting factor for Hampshire which is currently thwarted in its development objectives by unsolved problems concerning a proposed move .
the small size of the southampton ground is a limiting factor for hampshire which is currently thwarted in its development [aims/goals] by unsolved problems concerning a proposed move .

The form of the interview should be seen in the context of its main objectives .
the form of the interview should be seen in the context of its main [aims/goals] .

Listing your objectives
listing your [aims/goals]

Head a sheet of paper with the date and time of your meeting and make two columns , one for your essential objectives , the other of additional aims , which are desirable but not actually essential .
head a sheet of paper with the date and time of your meeting and make two columns , one for your essential [aims/goals] , the other of additional aims , which are desirable but not actually essential .

For example , you might find when you come to make the list that all your objectives from a meeting with the doctor are essential such as ‘ appointment with specialist , something to alleviate symptoms , advice about unsightly scar on leg ’ .
for example , you might find when you come to make the list that all your [aims/goals] from a meeting with the doctor are essential such as ‘ appointment with specialist , something to alleviate symptoms , advice about unsightly scar on leg ’ .

Underpinning government faith in UDCs is the belief that a single-minded agency with limited objectives , using streamlined administrative procedures and free from political ambiguity is better placed than local authorities to turn round a closely defined area ( Adcock , 1984 ) .
underpinning government faith in udcs is the belief that a single-minded agency with limited [aims/goals] , using streamlined administrative procedures and free from political ambiguity is better placed than local authorities to turn round a closely defined area ( adcock , 1984 ) .

In microeconomic theory , the price charged by a firm for a particular good depends on the objectives of the firm and the market structure within which it operates .
in microeconomic theory , the price charged by a firm for a particular good depends on the [aims/goals] of the firm and the market structure within which it operates .

Clearly , different objectives lead to different prices .
clearly , different [aims/goals] lead to different prices .

It should be remembered , however , that in a dynamic market where demand and supply conditions are continually changing , it is extremely difficult for firms to find the price and output levels which achieve their objectives .
it should be remembered , however , that in a dynamic market where demand and supply conditions are continually changing , it is extremely difficult for firms to find the price and output levels which achieve their [aims/goals] .

To identify how training objectives are being met in practice .
to identify how training [aims/goals] are being met in practice .

Libraries must select the methods that are relevant to their particular objectives and restraints ’ .
libraries must select the methods that are relevant to their particular [aims/goals] and restraints ’ .

that objectives should determine methods : therefore no methods should be arbitrarily excluded , ignored , or given undue prominence .
that [aims/goals] should determine methods : therefore no methods should be arbitrarily excluded , ignored , or given undue prominence .

The combination of methods utilized by smaller authorities may have to be different from those employed by larger authorities , but they have similar training objectives , and many similar needs , which should be recognized as such .
the combination of methods utilized by smaller authorities may have to be different from those employed by larger authorities , but they have similar training [aims/goals] , and many similar needs , which should be recognized as such .

One of the recommendations of The Library Association Working Party on Training was that ‘ training is an integral activity in the achievement of a library system 's objectives and this should be properly recognised in the allocation of resources ’ .
one of the recommendations of the library association working party on training was that ‘ training is an integral activity in the achievement of a library system 's [aims/goals] and this should be properly recognised in the allocation of resources ’ .

Training objectives
training [aims/goals]

‘ Develop a more comprehensive policy and programme ’ … ‘ Second priority ( after a full-time training officer ) would be the development of a more complete training strategy ’ … ‘ Develop more comprehensive programmes for personal development of all staff , ensure adequate recording and controlling systems ’ … ‘ The training , whilst extensive , needs pulling together more and aims and objectives in some cases need to be redefined ’ … ‘ Plan to institute formal training programmes for all staff with system of record keeping and control by designated senior librarian ’ … ‘ By creating structured programmes for different types of levels of staff ’ .
‘ develop a more comprehensive policy and programme ’ … ‘ second priority ( after a full-time training officer ) would be the development of a more complete training strategy ’ … ‘ develop more comprehensive programmes for personal development of all staff , ensure adequate recording and controlling systems ’ … ‘ the training , whilst extensive , needs pulling together more and aims and [aims/goals] in some cases need to be redefined ’ … ‘ plan to institute formal training programmes for all staff with system of record keeping and control by designated senior librarian ’ … ‘ by creating structured programmes for different types of levels of staff ’ .

‘ Factors include … whether the subject of the course is relevant to the person applying to attend ’ … ‘ Attendance at external courses must be justified against training objectives or be seen to acquire for the county library some new or up-date skill/ knowledge/experience which would otherwise be a noticeable gap ’ .
‘ factors include … whether the subject of the course is relevant to the person applying to attend ’ … ‘ attendance at external courses must be justified against training [aims/goals] or be seen to acquire for the county library some new or up-date skill/ knowledge/experience which would otherwise be a noticeable gap ’ .

Barbara Conroy , in her book on library staff development discusses evaluation in terms of how far stated objectives have been achieved , and emphasizes that although evaluation requires careful identification of what is being evaluated and why , to decide the ‘ how , when and where ’ , of evaluation if it is to be more than ‘ just a way of channelling impressionistic information into a required report form ’ , that it is not a highly ‘ esoteric ’ activity , necessarily involving ‘ complex research methodology ’ .
barbara conroy , in her book on library staff development discusses evaluation in terms of how far stated [aims/goals] have been achieved , and emphasizes that although evaluation requires careful identification of what is being evaluated and why , to decide the ‘ how , when and where ’ , of evaluation if it is to be more than ‘ just a way of channelling impressionistic information into a required report form ’ , that it is not a highly ‘ esoteric ’ activity , necessarily involving ‘ complex research methodology ’ .

As has been emphasized , ‘ Choice of method will depend on a careful analysis of aims and objectives , time available , the range of staff available to assist , and , not least , the cost of the exercise ’ .
as has been emphasized , ‘ choice of method will depend on a careful analysis of aims and [aims/goals] , time available , the range of staff available to assist , and , not least , the cost of the exercise ’ .

There was evidence in our sample that more training was being organized internally , and that thought was being given as to how to achieve training objectives within this changing framework .
there was evidence in our sample that more training was being organized internally , and that thought was being given as to how to achieve training [aims/goals] within this changing framework .

There was noticeable interest in moving towards greater cooperation with/utilization of ‘ outside ’ agencies , to produce tailor-made training that would satisfy the library 's own training objectives more effectively :
there was noticeable interest in moving towards greater cooperation with/utilization of ‘ outside ’ agencies , to produce tailor-made training that would satisfy the library 's own training [aims/goals] more effectively :

Library training co-operatives can undertake to fulfil , at little direct cost , many of the objectives currently fulfilled by external courses — for example , offering staff the chance to meet and exchange views with staff working for other authorities or in different types of libraries ; encouraging professional awareness and commitment to professional values — two of the indirect objectives that are sometimes thought of as the ‘ real ’ value of external course attendance .
library training co-operatives can undertake to fulfil , at little direct cost , many of the [aims/goals] currently fulfilled by external courses — for example , offering staff the chance to meet and exchange views with staff working for other authorities or in different types of libraries ; encouraging professional awareness and commitment to professional values — two of the indirect [aims/goals] that are sometimes thought of as the ‘ real ’ value of external course attendance .

It is apparent that there is considerable , if still tentative , interest in initiating and pursuing co-operative training ventures ; and that their potential for satisfying many of the objectives currently being met ( adequately or inadequately ) by external courses has barely been harnessed .
it is apparent that there is considerable , if still tentative , interest in initiating and pursuing co-operative training ventures ; and that their potential for satisfying many of the [aims/goals] currently being met ( adequately or inadequately ) by external courses has barely been harnessed .

Libraries must select the methods that are relevant to their particular objectives and restraints .
libraries must select the methods that are relevant to their particular [aims/goals] and restraints .

The second aim of the project was to identify how training objectives are being met in practice .
the second aim of the project was to identify how training [aims/goals] are being met in practice .

to set objectives and plan programmes , designed to satisfy identified needs using the most effective methods ,
to set [aims/goals] and plan programmes , designed to satisfy identified needs using the most effective methods ,

to assess programme in order to know whether or not objectives have been achieved , to achieve other objectives effectively , and/or to achieve the same objectives more effectively next time .
to assess programme in order to know whether or not [aims/goals] have been achieved , to achieve other [aims/goals] effectively , and/or to achieve the same [aims/goals] more effectively next time .

Once you have discussed your expectations , you can use your areas of agreement to formulate objectives which will give purpose and direction to your relationship .
once you have discussed your expectations , you can use your areas of agreement to formulate [aims/goals] which will give purpose and direction to your relationship .

Objectives , in this instance then , are agreed expectations which will become a part of our value system giving direction to future decisions .
[aims/goals] , in this instance then , are agreed expectations which will become a part of our value system giving direction to future decisions .

We would like you to use your expectations and the resultant negotiations as a basis for stating some of the objectives you hope to use for direction in your marriage .
we would like you to use your expectations and the resultant negotiations as a basis for stating some of the [aims/goals] you hope to use for direction in your marriage .

Hopefully , as you complete the chapters on more specific issues , you will be impressed to add other objectives for your marriage .
hopefully , as you complete the chapters on more specific issues , you will be impressed to add other [aims/goals] for your marriage .

Goals are a necessary element in realising our objectives .
goals are a necessary element in realising our [aims/goals] .

Developing specific goals to implement your objectives is not necessary and may not be practical at this point , but you will need to do that eventually .
developing specific goals to implement your [aims/goals] is not necessary and may not be practical at this point , but you will need to do that eventually .

It is , however , very important that you share your expectations and develop the objectives necessary to guide you along the journey .
it is , however , very important that you share your expectations and develop the [aims/goals] necessary to guide you along the journey .

Do not go on to fill in the objectives list until you and your partner have begun negotiations on your expectations .
do not go on to fill in the [aims/goals] list until you and your partner have begun negotiations on your expectations .

Are there any of your objectives which require some action this side of marriage ?
are there any of your [aims/goals] which require some action this side of marriage ?

His occupational objectives
his occupational [aims/goals]

Her occupational objectives
her occupational [aims/goals]

Are there any further statements that you can add to your objectives on page 41 ?
are there any further statements that you can add to your [aims/goals] on page 41 ?

Are there any further statements that you can add to your objectives on page 41 ?
are there any further statements that you can add to your [aims/goals] on page 41 ?

One of the objectives is that the two become one .
one of the [aims/goals] is that the two become one .

Are there any further statements that you can add to your objectives on page 41 ?
are there any further statements that you can add to your [aims/goals] on page 41 ?

Are there any further statements that you can add to your objectives on page 41 ?
are there any further statements that you can add to your [aims/goals] on page 41 ?

Are there any further statements that you can add to your objectives on page 41 ?
are there any further statements that you can add to your [aims/goals] on page 41 ?

Are there any further statements that you can add to your objectives on page 41 ?
are there any further statements that you can add to your [aims/goals] on page 41 ?

Are there any further statements that you can add to your objectives on page 41 ?
are there any further statements that you can add to your [aims/goals] on page 41 ?

In real terms these overall objectives have been translated into a series of major development projects . They include ( in no particular order ) :
in real terms these overall [aims/goals] have been translated into a series of major development projects . they include ( in no particular order ) :

That the project 's objectives took the form they did was partly due to the particular interests of those involved and partly to a knowledge of other experimental projects operating at that time .
that the project 's [aims/goals] took the form they did was partly due to the particular interests of those involved and partly to a knowledge of other experimental projects operating at that time .

The development officers clearly fulfilled the objectives established for them : they assessed their clients ’ needs , negotiated with other service-providers to obtain increased support from existing sources , they recruited local support workers for all clients whom they assessed as needing enhanced care ; this enhanced support was obtained quickly and with few difficulties , and clearly several very dependent clients were sustained at home as a result of this care .
the development officers clearly fulfilled the [aims/goals] established for them : they assessed their clients ’ needs , negotiated with other service-providers to obtain increased support from existing sources , they recruited local support workers for all clients whom they assessed as needing enhanced care ; this enhanced support was obtained quickly and with few difficulties , and clearly several very dependent clients were sustained at home as a result of this care .

To be already known and understood gives an obvious head-start but since this is a particular sort of meeting , disciplined boundaries and clear objectives need to be set by both parties .
to be already known and understood gives an obvious head-start but since this is a particular sort of meeting , disciplined boundaries and clear [aims/goals] need to be set by both parties .

Christopher Cooper , the board 's chief executive , said ‘ The development of the new board means we now have clear objectives for the future of South East Arts and the way they fund , encourage and promote the art in our region .
christopher cooper , the board 's chief executive , said ‘ the development of the new board means we now have clear [aims/goals] for the future of south east arts and the way they fund , encourage and promote the art in our region .

the foundation of ‘ a small multi-disciplinary central policy review staff in the Cabinet Office ’ to help formulate and sustain a clearer overall strategy for the administration as a whole , for ‘ governments are always at the same risk of losing sight of the need to consider the totality of their current policies in relation to their longer-term objectives ’ .
the foundation of ‘ a small multi-disciplinary central policy review staff in the cabinet office ’ to help formulate and sustain a clearer overall strategy for the administration as a whole , for ‘ governments are always at the same risk of losing sight of the need to consider the totality of their current policies in relation to their longer-term [aims/goals] ’ .

No library can be effective without a policy , which sets out aims and objectives , identifies user groups and services , and indicates priorities amongst them .
no library can be effective without a policy , which sets out aims and [aims/goals] , identifies user groups and services , and indicates priorities amongst them .

Uncertainty over objectives has bedevilled public libraries for many years .
uncertainty over [aims/goals] has bedevilled public libraries for many years .

Anyone who has been associated with the realities of public library provision will know that these Olympian objectives are unachievable , particularly at present .
anyone who has been associated with the realities of public library provision will know that these olympian [aims/goals] are unachievable , particularly at present .

This included : the relationship of the material selected to the libraries ' objectives ; guidance on levels of provision in different sizes of library ; criteria for selection ; definition of community groups to be served ; policy on censorship ; comments on various types of material — e.g .
this included : the relationship of the material selected to the libraries ' [aims/goals] ; guidance on levels of provision in different sizes of library ; criteria for selection ; definition of community groups to be served ; policy on censorship ; comments on various types of material — e.g .

The choice of stock revision subjects depends upon a number of factors , foremost among these being the importance of the different subjects to the library 's objectives .
the choice of stock revision subjects depends upon a number of factors , foremost among these being the importance of the different subjects to the library 's [aims/goals] .

This is , unashamedly , a policy of relegating by expediency rather than by any stated objectives .
this is , unashamedly , a policy of relegating by expediency rather than by any stated [aims/goals] .

So , for instance , Taylor and Urquhart found that the cost of relegating by expediency rather than by stated objectives .
so , for instance , taylor and urquhart found that the cost of relegating by expediency rather than by stated [aims/goals] .

The overall expenditure on any one subject must be regulated , taking into account use and objectives and relating these to other subjects .
the overall expenditure on any one subject must be regulated , taking into account use and [aims/goals] and relating these to other subjects .

Detailed statistical information about book orders , stock , and its use , is maintained in a way that throws light on the achievement ( or non-achievement ) of library objectives .
detailed statistical information about book orders , stock , and its use , is maintained in a way that throws light on the achievement ( or non-achievement ) of library [aims/goals] .

Although librarians have become accustomed to the situation , the development is an extraordinary one , because the objectives of a public library authority and a library supplier are completely different .
although librarians have become accustomed to the situation , the development is an extraordinary one , because the [aims/goals] of a public library authority and a library supplier are completely different .

The library authority aims to provide the widest possible range of material commensurate with its objectives and the interests or its users .
the library authority aims to provide the widest possible range of material commensurate with its [aims/goals] and the interests or its users .

In recent years there has been more emphasis on the objectives of library services , and less upon quantitative measures .
in recent years there has been more emphasis on the [aims/goals] of library services , and less upon quantitative measures .

The continuation of farming is not so much the objective of the Directive but the means to attain its objectives .
the continuation of farming is not so much the objective of the directive but the means to attain its [aims/goals] .

The proposed broadening of the granting of investment aids for the purpose of protecting and improving the environment ( part of Article 3 ) is to be welcomed although it does not appear to square with the basic investment aid objectives of such plans because it appears to mean that environmental investment per se will qualify for support , even if not part of an agricultural improvement .
the proposed broadening of the granting of investment aids for the purpose of protecting and improving the environment ( part of article 3 ) is to be welcomed although it does not appear to square with the basic investment aid [aims/goals] of such plans because it appears to mean that environmental investment per se will qualify for support , even if not part of an agricultural improvement .

Since almost all are high mountain areas , agricultural development is anyway unlikely but traditional agriculture for conservation objectives is supported .
since almost all are high mountain areas , agricultural development is anyway unlikely but traditional agriculture for conservation [aims/goals] is supported .

Article 22 should be used by the Agriculture Departments to set up farm pilot schemes showing how a wide range of objectives of the broadened farm development plan can be achieved , including nature and landscape objectives .
article 22 should be used by the agriculture departments to set up farm pilot schemes showing how a wide range of [aims/goals] of the broadened farm development plan can be achieved , including nature and landscape [aims/goals] .

Siting a new bureau involves a complex combination of local objectives , suitability , costing and availability .
siting a new bureau involves a complex combination of local [aims/goals] , suitability , costing and availability .

Interestingly , the Classification Research Project did not specify the computerisation of the information system as one of its objectives .
interestingly , the classification research project did not specify the computerisation of the information system as one of its [aims/goals] .

However , you have heard already of some examples of areas where there is conflict between these two objectives .
however , you have heard already of some examples of areas where there is conflict between these two [aims/goals] .

You may be encouraged to formulate a job plan which goes beyond the scope of your basic job description , itemising a series of personal objectives for the year ahead .
you may be encouraged to formulate a job plan which goes beyond the scope of your basic job description , itemising a series of personal [aims/goals] for the year ahead .

The Employment Appeal Tribunal has expressed the view that any other approach would tend to defeat the system 's objectives of speed , informality and accessibility .
the employment appeal tribunal has expressed the view that any other approach would tend to defeat the system 's [aims/goals] of speed , informality and accessibility .

Hofmann believed that the proper objectives of such research should not be for personal gain , but for the pursuit of fundamental knowledge and the fulfilment of social needs .
hofmann believed that the proper [aims/goals] of such research should not be for personal gain , but for the pursuit of fundamental knowledge and the fulfilment of social needs .

There are three ingredients required for successful compliance : first , the patient must be motivated to comply ; second , he must be informed about diet in a way that is individually appropriate ; thirdly , realistic and attainable objectives must be set .
there are three ingredients required for successful compliance : first , the patient must be motivated to comply ; second , he must be informed about diet in a way that is individually appropriate ; thirdly , realistic and attainable [aims/goals] must be set .

The patient is then rewarded by achieving these objectives and motivation is enhanced .
the patient is then rewarded by achieving these [aims/goals] and motivation is enhanced .

Although achieving good control and all the other objectives are very important , none of these is likely to be achieved if the patient persistently fails to attend .
although achieving good control and all the other [aims/goals] are very important , none of these is likely to be achieved if the patient persistently fails to attend .

Little exploration effort has been directed to reservoir objectives beneath the Permian even though the recognised source is in the Carboniferous .
little exploration effort has been directed to reservoir [aims/goals] beneath the permian even though the recognised source is in the carboniferous .

Consequently , in 1983 a more comprehensive survey was carried out in the area with two objectives , — to map structure in reconnaissance form , and to look for evidence of Westphalian strata with a view to coal development .
consequently , in 1983 a more comprehensive survey was carried out in the area with two [aims/goals] , — to map structure in reconnaissance form , and to look for evidence of westphalian strata with a view to coal development .

Similarly , the uppermost Sherwood sandstones are overlain by the Ballyboley Halite ( above the thin intervening sandstones and siltstones of the Lagavarra Formation ) ; and thin silty sandstones within the Mercia Mudstone are in turn capped by the Carnduff Halite ( Craiganee Formation ) and the Larne Halite ( Glenstaghey Formation ) and could provide secondary objectives .
similarly , the uppermost sherwood sandstones are overlain by the ballyboley halite ( above the thin intervening sandstones and siltstones of the lagavarra formation ) ; and thin silty sandstones within the mercia mudstone are in turn capped by the carnduff halite ( craiganee formation ) and the larne halite ( glenstaghey formation ) and could provide secondary [aims/goals] .

These results , however , are somewhat misleading because in most cases the wells do not appear to have been drilled for Zechstein objectives and were either off-structure or lacking in significant closure at Zechstein level .
these results , however , are somewhat misleading because in most cases the wells do not appear to have been drilled for zechstein [aims/goals] and were either off-structure or lacking in significant closure at zechstein level .

setting the objectives or defining the purpose of the procedure
setting the [aims/goals] or defining the purpose of the procedure

Stages 2a & 2b — Determine the Objectives and Owner or the Procedure
stages 2a & 2b — determine the [aims/goals] and owner or the procedure

The ownership and objectives of a procedure interrelate , as each will vary with the viewpoint taken , and both these factors need to be considered before the measures of performance can be derived .
the ownership and [aims/goals] of a procedure interrelate , as each will vary with the viewpoint taken , and both these factors need to be considered before the measures of performance can be derived .

Having agreed this with the procedure owner , a procedure description is prepared , showing amongst other things , the resources and activities needed to meet the objectives , and this is compared with what actually exists .
having agreed this with the procedure owner , a procedure description is prepared , showing amongst other things , the resources and activities needed to meet the [aims/goals] , and this is compared with what actually exists .

To improve the presentation of results a Procedure Audit Report may be devised , listing the purpose and objectives of the procedure , the nested activities and required resources , the performance indicators and desirable target levels , and the results of the analysis .
to improve the presentation of results a procedure audit report may be devised , listing the purpose and [aims/goals] of the procedure , the nested activities and required resources , the performance indicators and desirable target levels , and the results of the analysis .

How will the proposed changes affect the respective achievement of objectives of the information users and providers ?
how will the proposed changes affect the respective achievement of [aims/goals] of the information users and providers ?

Structural alterations , exhortation and training proved insufficient to realise the objectives of the 1974 changes ( Brown et al , 1975 ) .
structural alterations , exhortation and training proved insufficient to realise the [aims/goals] of the 1974 changes ( brown et al , 1975 ) .

Among the most fundamental of the proposals designed to meet these objectives are changes in the method of allocating resources to health authorities and the separation of the provision of health services from their funding , using what many have termed an ‘ internal market ’ . How will these proposals affect health care planning — planning to meet the needs of the population , to secure equity and equality and to maximise health ?
among the most fundamental of the proposals designed to meet these [aims/goals] are changes in the method of allocating resources to health authorities and the separation of the provision of health services from their funding , using what many have termed an ‘ internal market ’ . how will these proposals affect health care planning — planning to meet the needs of the population , to secure equity and equality and to maximise health ?

We will examine its financial aims and objectives , how they impact on the finance function , some of the problems of implementation , and whether they are consistent with the changes already in hand .
we will examine its financial aims and [aims/goals] , how they impact on the finance function , some of the problems of implementation , and whether they are consistent with the changes already in hand .

The aim is to produce an unsophisticated system in which workload related budgets concerning financial and manpower allocations and full overhead costs are closely related to workable service objectives , against which performance and progress can be compared .
the aim is to produce an unsophisticated system in which workload related budgets concerning financial and manpower allocations and full overhead costs are closely related to workable service [aims/goals] , against which performance and progress can be compared .

There is a need for financial and manpower allocations , related to workable service objectives , against which performance and progress can be compared .
there is a need for financial and manpower allocations , related to workable service [aims/goals] , against which performance and progress can be compared .

The White Paper is proposing , from April 1991 , the introduction of a system of capital charges . They will have three objectives :
the white paper is proposing , from april 1991 , the introduction of a system of capital charges . they will have three [aims/goals] :

Now we have the prospect of organisations which must establish objectives , identify priorities within those objectives , allocate resources and then monitor expenditure against and the achievement of those priorities and objectives .
now we have the prospect of organisations which must establish [aims/goals] , identify priorities within those [aims/goals] , allocate resources and then monitor expenditure against and the achievement of those priorities and [aims/goals] .

Since the pursuit of increased efficiency is one of the major objectives of the proposals , this begs the question of how efficiency will be assessed .
since the pursuit of increased efficiency is one of the major [aims/goals] of the proposals , this begs the question of how efficiency will be assessed .

It lay in the changed stance between teacher and learner and in the modification of techniques and strategies of the former , and increased motivation and precision of objectives in the latter — in short in the formative rather than summative stance of assessment and learning .
it lay in the changed stance between teacher and learner and in the modification of techniques and strategies of the former , and increased motivation and precision of [aims/goals] in the latter — in short in the formative rather than summative stance of assessment and learning .

Here , in primary legislation , the essentials are prescribed : the three core subjects of mathematics , English and science ; the seven foundation subjects ( history , geography , technology , music , art , physical education and - in secondary schools — a modern foreign language ) ; the ‘ basic , subject , religious education ; the mechanisms of programmes of study , attainment targets and keystage assessment by means of which the objectives of breadth , balance and quality were to be achieved .
here , in primary legislation , the essentials are prescribed : the three core subjects of mathematics , english and science ; the seven foundation subjects ( history , geography , technology , music , art , physical education and - in secondary schools — a modern foreign language ) ; the ‘ basic , subject , religious education ; the mechanisms of programmes of study , attainment targets and keystage assessment by means of which the [aims/goals] of breadth , balance and quality were to be achieved .

The syllabus , after all , is no more than a sketch of the terrain ; the scheme of work is a strategic plan which identifies objectives and tactics , and which allows for review and reinforcement .
the syllabus , after all , is no more than a sketch of the terrain ; the scheme of work is a strategic plan which identifies [aims/goals] and tactics , and which allows for review and reinforcement .

On 7 January 1785 the society set out its principal objectives : to promote the good of the community by encouragement of industry and ingenuity ; to excite a spirit of enquiry which may lead to improvements not yet known ; and to fix knowledge and art upon the certain test of accurate experiment .
on 7 january 1785 the society set out its principal [aims/goals] : to promote the good of the community by encouragement of industry and ingenuity ; to excite a spirit of enquiry which may lead to improvements not yet known ; and to fix knowledge and art upon the certain test of accurate experiment .

His objectives were to give a guide to the better choice of an animal ; to establish the true conformation of the racehorse , setting a standard for an ideal animal to achieve maximum speed , and at any given time to discover whether the breeds had improved or degenerated .
his [aims/goals] were to give a guide to the better choice of an animal ; to establish the true conformation of the racehorse , setting a standard for an ideal animal to achieve maximum speed , and at any given time to discover whether the breeds had improved or degenerated .

One of its objectives was the reform of the London College , which it pursued in a generally persuasive and constructive way .
one of its [aims/goals] was the reform of the london college , which it pursued in a generally persuasive and constructive way .

The support and guidance of ‘ real ’ employers on the boards of mini enterprise schemes can be helpful ; the advice of professionals about equipment purchase , attendance-pattern of trainees , syllabus choice or , even , staff recruitment can all be derived from an active and effective pattern of Governors ' Advisory Committees ; industrial or commercial figures on governing bodies can give a helpful perspective ; one-off lectures or presentations on an aspect of the business world can enhance a course — but all these examples depend for their success on agreed objectives .
the support and guidance of ‘ real ’ employers on the boards of mini enterprise schemes can be helpful ; the advice of professionals about equipment purchase , attendance-pattern of trainees , syllabus choice or , even , staff recruitment can all be derived from an active and effective pattern of governors ' advisory committees ; industrial or commercial figures on governing bodies can give a helpful perspective ; one-off lectures or presentations on an aspect of the business world can enhance a course — but all these examples depend for their success on agreed [aims/goals] .

So , it is necessary to define objectives , plan for them , and monitor progress .
so , it is necessary to define [aims/goals] , plan for them , and monitor progress .

Worthwhile objectives can be expected only after a listing of what each partner could bring to a relationship .
worthwhile [aims/goals] can be expected only after a listing of what each partner could bring to a relationship .

The objectives of Rolls Royce had been met — a group of highly intelligent , well-motivated students had had a good experience of the engineering industry , and their interest in an engineering career had , by their own account , been greatly increased as a result .
the [aims/goals] of rolls royce had been met — a group of highly intelligent , well-motivated students had had a good experience of the engineering industry , and their interest in an engineering career had , by their own account , been greatly increased as a result .

Evaluation returns from the 1990 cohort ( 2,966 ) shows that 96 % of teachers and 93 % of companies reported that briefings successfully prepared them for a placement , while 89 % of teachers successfully met their placement objectives .
evaluation returns from the 1990 cohort ( 2,966 ) shows that 96 % of teachers and 93 % of companies reported that briefings successfully prepared them for a placement , while 89 % of teachers successfully met their placement [aims/goals] .

It is important for the organiser to assist teachers to prepare specific objectives for placement .
it is important for the organiser to assist teachers to prepare specific [aims/goals] for placement .

Experience tells us that teachers with specific objectives rather than the general ‘ to find out about industry ’ have the most successful placements .
experience tells us that teachers with specific [aims/goals] rather than the general ‘ to find out about industry ’ have the most successful placements .

Indeed where objectives are negotiated and agreed in collaboration with school or department colleagues , then there is usually more support and subsequent action following placements .
indeed where [aims/goals] are negotiated and agreed in collaboration with school or department colleagues , then there is usually more support and subsequent action following placements .

The experience can be a vehicle for delivering related curriculum objectives such as the preparation of course work .
the experience can be a vehicle for delivering related curriculum [aims/goals] such as the preparation of course work .

Placement may assist in pulling together the framework and coherent objectives for partnerships ; can explore how other organisations may be used ; is able to secure commitment to growth by partners through direct experience of one another ; establishes communications between the various partners ; may be used to identify who should be involved and at what levels ; provides a regular data and information flow through its exchange mechanism ; may indicate for the local area the support available from national employers that may be utilised at the local level ; constructs environments where introductions are purposeful between the partners and can adopt an incremental approach to partnership activity .
placement may assist in pulling together the framework and coherent [aims/goals] for partnerships ; can explore how other organisations may be used ; is able to secure commitment to growth by partners through direct experience of one another ; establishes communications between the various partners ; may be used to identify who should be involved and at what levels ; provides a regular data and information flow through its exchange mechanism ; may indicate for the local area the support available from national employers that may be utilised at the local level ; constructs environments where introductions are purposeful between the partners and can adopt an incremental approach to partnership activity .

In so doing the quality of the service can be improved by ensuring that the objectives for individual placements are more closely related to the needs of the school and that there is support for implementing the outcomes of the experience .
in so doing the quality of the service can be improved by ensuring that the [aims/goals] for individual placements are more closely related to the needs of the school and that there is support for implementing the outcomes of the experience .

It is possible for such programmes to meet the objectives of organisations such as LEAs and TECs thus attracting additional funding .
it is possible for such programmes to meet the [aims/goals] of organisations such as leas and tecs thus attracting additional funding .

Tasks or programmes need to be treated as ‘ temporary systems ’ — that is , operations with defined objectives , internal plans for action , linked to scales of time and resource , with built-in mechanisms for monitoring progress and evaluating results — a cardinal principle at every level .
tasks or programmes need to be treated as ‘ temporary systems ’ — that is , operations with defined [aims/goals] , internal plans for action , linked to scales of time and resource , with built-in mechanisms for monitoring progress and evaluating results — a cardinal principle at every level .

There is not , and probably never has been , agreement in this country on the aims , objectives , content and processes of education .
there is not , and probably never has been , agreement in this country on the aims , [aims/goals] , content and processes of education .

In Sheffield the steel industry provides numerous vehicles which can enable teachers to achieve their curriculum objectives in the various subject domains in ways which are meaningful and interesting for teachers , students and parents — all need to be exploited in the good learning environment .
in sheffield the steel industry provides numerous vehicles which can enable teachers to achieve their curriculum [aims/goals] in the various subject domains in ways which are meaningful and interesting for teachers , students and parents — all need to be exploited in the good learning environment .

Partners might feel that personal and social development should be set out clearly among the objectives of educational programmes .
partners might feel that personal and social development should be set out clearly among the [aims/goals] of educational programmes .

Partnerships , small scale as well as large , need a clear sense of purpose made explicit in objectives , they need a strategic plan for achieving these objectives which is communicated to and understood by those involved and they need a review and evaluation process built into the whole to determine what is being achieved .
partnerships , small scale as well as large , need a clear sense of purpose made explicit in [aims/goals] , they need a strategic plan for achieving these [aims/goals] which is communicated to and understood by those involved and they need a review and evaluation process built into the whole to determine what is being achieved .

These guidelines would not be legally enforceable but would provide objectives against which local and national air pollution control policies could be judged by all concerned .
these guidelines would not be legally enforceable but would provide [aims/goals] against which local and national air pollution control policies could be judged by all concerned .

Share your objectives with people .
share your [aims/goals] with people .

No time is given to setting clear objectives that everyone subscribes to .
no time is given to setting clear [aims/goals] that everyone subscribes to .

The group assumes that everyone knows what the objectives are .
the group assumes that everyone knows what the [aims/goals] are .

There will be rigid , step by step , procedures for agreeing objectives and plans .
there will be rigid , step by step , procedures for agreeing [aims/goals] and plans .

The team is more successful in achieving challenging objectives .
the team is more successful in achieving challenging [aims/goals] .

Humour can be an excellent behaviour for easing tensions and breaking the ice between people . However , to achieve these objectives it needs to be :
humour can be an excellent behaviour for easing tensions and breaking the ice between people . however , to achieve these [aims/goals] it needs to be :

Face-to-face situations provide the context , objectives spell out the desirable end and behaviours are the means .
face-to-face situations provide the context , [aims/goals] spell out the desirable end and behaviours are the means .

setting specific and realistic objectives for face-to-face encounters with people . You will thus benefit from being clear in what you are aiming at and successfully achieving it more often than not
setting specific and realistic [aims/goals] for face-to-face encounters with people . you will thus benefit from being clear in what you are aiming at and successfully achieving it more often than not

Being clear on your objectives ( see Objectives on page 119 ) .
being clear on your [aims/goals] ( see [aims/goals] on page 119 ) .

By contrast , interpersonal skills encourage people to achieve their objectives by being honest and open rather than dishonest and furtive .
by contrast , interpersonal skills encourage people to achieve their [aims/goals] by being honest and open rather than dishonest and furtive .

the objectives for the meeting
the [aims/goals] for the meeting

Meetings often do not have real objectives ( see page 119 ) so much as a list of activities .
meetings often do not have real [aims/goals] ( see page 119 ) so much as a list of activities .

If a meeting has no objectives then it is unlikely to have an appropriate structure since the structure flows logically from the objectives . Simple advice on structure is to :
if a meeting has no [aims/goals] then it is unlikely to have an appropriate structure since the structure flows logically from the [aims/goals] . simple advice on structure is to :

Objectives are important because they act as an essential backcloth to behaviour itself .
[aims/goals] are important because they act as an essential backcloth to behaviour itself .

Decisions about the effectiveness and appropriateness of different behaviours can only be made within the context of particular situations and specific objectives .
decisions about the effectiveness and appropriateness of different behaviours can only be made within the context of particular situations and specific [aims/goals] .

They get confused about the differences between activities and objectives , about short term and long term objectives and about semantics .
they get confused about the differences between activities and [aims/goals] , about short term and long term [aims/goals] and about semantics .

People find that , by and large , they get by without bothering about objectives .
people find that , by and large , they get by without bothering about [aims/goals] .

It is important to have clear , precise objectives when interacting . Here are some of the benefits :
it is important to have clear , precise [aims/goals] when interacting . here are some of the benefits :

Structural awareness , ie having clear objectives , a plan and a time schedule .
structural awareness , ie having clear [aims/goals] , a plan and a time schedule .

clarify the group 's objectives
clarify the group 's [aims/goals]

Set own self-development objectives
set own self-development [aims/goals]

Co-ordinator — making sure that objectives are clear and that everyone is involved and committed .
co-ordinator — making sure that [aims/goals] are clear and that everyone is involved and committed .

encouraging the other people involved to reciprocate by being equally open about their objectives
encouraging the other people involved to reciprocate by being equally open about their [aims/goals]

exploring different objectives for common ground
exploring different [aims/goals] for common ground

suggesting common objectives in an even-handed way , ie that favour what they want to achieve at least as much as what you want to achieve .
suggesting common [aims/goals] in an even-handed way , ie that favour what they want to achieve at least as much as what you want to achieve .

Whatever the aspirations of the corporate planners , most of the attempts to develop corporate objectives and goals ( whether in structure plans or corporate documents ) have ended up as bland statements of intent , which are either unachievable or virtually meaningless .
whatever the aspirations of the corporate planners , most of the attempts to develop corporate [aims/goals] and goals ( whether in structure plans or corporate documents ) have ended up as bland statements of intent , which are either unachievable or virtually meaningless .

identifying objectives ;
identifying [aims/goals] ;

a statement of curricular aims and objectives ;
a statement of curricular aims and [aims/goals] ;

This in turn determines the school 's aims and objectives .
this in turn determines the school 's aims and [aims/goals] .

The first step for the governing body which is taking local management seriously is to work with the head and staff in identifying the school 's aims and objectives .
the first step for the governing body which is taking local management seriously is to work with the head and staff in identifying the school 's aims and [aims/goals] .

Define the school 's aims and objectives in manageable terms .
define the school 's aims and [aims/goals] in manageable terms .

greater agreement on ‘ aims and objectives ’ of the school .
greater agreement on ‘ aims and [aims/goals] ’ of the school .

Consequently , in many schools a cycle of educational decision-making is already well established : aims are determined , objectives and policies are set out and prioritised ; planning their achievement leads to budgeting ( ie resources are allocated ) ; implementation is monitored and progress is evaluated ; the cycle is complete .
consequently , in many schools a cycle of educational decision-making is already well established : aims are determined , [aims/goals] and policies are set out and prioritised ; planning their achievement leads to budgeting ( ie resources are allocated ) ; implementation is monitored and progress is evaluated ; the cycle is complete .

As detailed in earlier chapters , governors should be involved in the School 's Development Plan which must lay out both short-term aims and longer-term objectives in priority order but with an inbuilt degree of flexibility , should circumstances dictate a change of plan at any time .
as detailed in earlier chapters , governors should be involved in the school 's development plan which must lay out both short-term aims and longer-term [aims/goals] in priority order but with an inbuilt degree of flexibility , should circumstances dictate a change of plan at any time .

It is with effectiveness that we are on much more fertile ground , for effectiveness is concerned with the relationship between output and aims and objectives . When groups of staff in a local comprehensive school ( departments , year teams and a whole-school management group ) were asked to identify their own performance indicators , two things soon became apparent :
it is with effectiveness that we are on much more fertile ground , for effectiveness is concerned with the relationship between output and aims and [aims/goals] . when groups of staff in a local comprehensive school ( departments , year teams and a whole-school management group ) were asked to identify their own performance indicators , two things soon became apparent :

Any discussion which leads to teachers sharpening their ideas and ironing out disagreements and misconceptions about aims and objectives is bound to be valuable .
any discussion which leads to teachers sharpening their ideas and ironing out disagreements and misconceptions about aims and [aims/goals] is bound to be valuable .

When the plan is being constructed and teachers are deciding upon success criteria for plans they may put searching questions and suggest additional ways to ensure that objectives become reality : if a school aims ‘ involve all pupils ’ are checks being made to see whether this is occurring ?
when the plan is being constructed and teachers are deciding upon success criteria for plans they may put searching questions and suggest additional ways to ensure that [aims/goals] become reality : if a school aims ‘ involve all pupils ’ are checks being made to see whether this is occurring ?

From the outset , one of the principal objectives of the Community was that a common or single integrated market should be created from the economies of the individual member states .
from the outset , one of the principal [aims/goals] of the community was that a common or single integrated market should be created from the economies of the individual member states .

However , the completion of the White Paper Programme and the achievement of the ‘ 1992 ’ objectives is not an end in itself , but rather the accomplishment of one important step in the creation of a truly unified European Economic Community .
however , the completion of the white paper programme and the achievement of the ‘ 1992 ’ [aims/goals] is not an end in itself , but rather the accomplishment of one important step in the creation of a truly unified european economic community .

The decision marks a significant development because it shows that national copyright law can not be used to justify conduct which is incompatible with the objectives of Article 86 .
the decision marks a significant development because it shows that national copyright law can not be used to justify conduct which is incompatible with the [aims/goals] of article 86 .

Any such takeover policy must deal in a coherent manner with three essential legal issues , which must be formed into a consistent and effective system to have the necessary business objectives . These issues are :
any such takeover policy must deal in a coherent manner with three essential legal issues , which must be formed into a consistent and effective system to have the necessary business [aims/goals] . these issues are :

It is generally recognised at Community level that it is both inequitable and contrary to the objectives of a single market for certain firms in the Community to be immune from the commercial benefits and burdens of being taken over or to be able artificially to create methods to defend themselves from takeovers , while firms from other member states remain vulnerable .
it is generally recognised at community level that it is both inequitable and contrary to the [aims/goals] of a single market for certain firms in the community to be immune from the commercial benefits and burdens of being taken over or to be able artificially to create methods to defend themselves from takeovers , while firms from other member states remain vulnerable .

Again , one of the objectives of the company law harmonisation programme is to remove such obstructions and create a level playing field in corporate management structures .
again , one of the [aims/goals] of the company law harmonisation programme is to remove such obstructions and create a level playing field in corporate management structures .

Clearly defined aims and objectives will bring you the results you desire , and remember : if you do n't know where you are going , then how are you going to know when you have got there .
clearly defined aims and [aims/goals] will bring you the results you desire , and remember : if you do n't know where you are going , then how are you going to know when you have got there .

Furthermore , the use of rule induction techniques enabled the project to achieve its objectives a month earlier than expected .
furthermore , the use of rule induction techniques enabled the project to achieve its [aims/goals] a month earlier than expected .

Reducing the emphasis on ‘ selling him up ’ and making it more possible for creditors ' claims to be met out of a debtor 's future income was one of the main objectives of the Insolvency Law Review Committee chaired by Sir Kenneth Cork which was appointed by the Government in 1977 and reported in 1982 .
reducing the emphasis on ‘ selling him up ’ and making it more possible for creditors ' claims to be met out of a debtor 's future income was one of the main [aims/goals] of the insolvency law review committee chaired by sir kenneth cork which was appointed by the government in 1977 and reported in 1982 .

Richard Body has made a brave attempt to shed the mythology and propaganda , and to expose farming objectives to public debate .
richard body has made a brave attempt to shed the mythology and propaganda , and to expose farming [aims/goals] to public debate .

Nineteen companies have so far agreed to sign contracts with the government agreeing to fixed objectives .
nineteen companies have so far agreed to sign contracts with the government agreeing to fixed [aims/goals] .

One of the biggest challenges facing us all , surely , is devising ways of introducing new technology to meet human , as well as organisational , objectives .
one of the biggest challenges facing us all , surely , is devising ways of introducing new technology to meet human , as well as organisational , [aims/goals] .

But work has to be planned with those aims as clearly spelt out as the financial or operational objectives .
but work has to be planned with those aims as clearly spelt out as the financial or operational [aims/goals] .

Turn then , to the indexes of the books , to find keywords related to those objectives .
turn then , to the indexes of the books , to find keywords related to those [aims/goals] .

Turn then , to the indexes of the books , to find keywords related to those objectives .
turn then , to the indexes of the books , to find keywords related to those [aims/goals] .

An example of research with specific objectives might have been the measurement of the electrical conductivity of insulators like germanium .
an example of research with specific [aims/goals] might have been the measurement of the electrical conductivity of insulators like germanium .

The Intor workshop has already produced a first broad proposal a definition of the envisaged plant and its objectives .
the intor workshop has already produced a first broad proposal a definition of the envisaged plant and its [aims/goals] .

To a certain degree such borrowings have continued , often prompted by the same underlying sense of insecurity which seeks the new or the modern uncritically rather than as a result of any conscious selection of educational objectives or examination of alternatives .
to a certain degree such borrowings have continued , often prompted by the same underlying sense of insecurity which seeks the new or the modern uncritically rather than as a result of any conscious selection of educational [aims/goals] or examination of alternatives .

Deciding aims and objectives .
deciding aims and [aims/goals] .

Are our aims and objectives sensible and realistic ?
are our aims and [aims/goals] sensible and realistic ?

Aims of subject syllabuses were very generalised , no attempt having been made to isolate any specific terminal or intermediate objectives in respect of knowledge , skills or attitudes to be developed .
aims of subject syllabuses were very generalised , no attempt having been made to isolate any specific terminal or intermediate [aims/goals] in respect of knowledge , skills or attitudes to be developed .

They were not derived from any significant analysis of aims or objectives in relation to the development of learners , nor based on a sufficiency of basic knowledge about the pupils and teachers and schools who would have to use them .
they were not derived from any significant analysis of aims or [aims/goals] in relation to the development of learners , nor based on a sufficiency of basic knowledge about the pupils and teachers and schools who would have to use them .

Education commission reports past and present have always addressed themselves in varying degrees of rigour to the analysis of educational objectives and it would be possible to collect an impressive dossier of high minded statements of intent .
education commission reports past and present have always addressed themselves in varying degrees of rigour to the analysis of educational [aims/goals] and it would be possible to collect an impressive dossier of high minded statements of intent .

Of most interest to us , however , are those initiatives particularly concerned with defining and refining educational objectives and with laying down guidelines for curricular policy .
of most interest to us , however , are those initiatives particularly concerned with defining and refining educational [aims/goals] and with laying down guidelines for curricular policy .

We note the university-based Sierra Leone Education Review ( 1974 ) and subsequent curriculum conferences in 1976 ; Kenya 's 1972 enquiry and report ‘ Curriculum Development in Kenya ’ ( oddly undertaken by an all British commission ) and its current national commission on Education Objectives ; Uganda 's inaugural National Curriculum Conference in August 1976 ; Nigeria 's National Curriculum Conference ( 1969 ) and National Seminar on Policy of Education ( 1973 ) .
we note the university-based sierra leone education review ( 1974 ) and subsequent curriculum conferences in 1976 ; kenya 's 1972 enquiry and report ‘ curriculum development in kenya ’ ( oddly undertaken by an all british commission ) and its current national commission on education [aims/goals] ; uganda 's inaugural national curriculum conference in august 1976 ; nigeria 's national curriculum conference ( 1969 ) and national seminar on policy of education ( 1973 ) .

At the workshop the organisers had managed to unite informed educational opinion throughout Nigeria and to establish a productive working climate in which panels in six areas of the primary school curriculum : cultural and creative art , languages , mathematics , physical and health education , science and social studies met and in the light of the goals set at the 1969 Curriculum Conference expanded and refined objectives in these areas and produced a series of guidelines which have since been used throughout Nigeria at university and state level as a basis for detailed curriculum planning .
at the workshop the organisers had managed to unite informed educational opinion throughout nigeria and to establish a productive working climate in which panels in six areas of the primary school curriculum : cultural and creative art , languages , mathematics , physical and health education , science and social studies met and in the light of the goals set at the 1969 curriculum conference expanded and refined [aims/goals] in these areas and produced a series of guidelines which have since been used throughout nigeria at university and state level as a basis for detailed curriculum planning .

’ and there is a rather bitter feeling around that perhaps all the enthusiasm , all the euphoria about ‘ new methods ’ ought to have been preceded by a sober consideration of ‘ new objectives .
’ and there is a rather bitter feeling around that perhaps all the enthusiasm , all the euphoria about ‘ new methods ’ ought to have been preceded by a sober consideration of ‘ new [aims/goals] .

National objectives postulate certain contents .
national [aims/goals] postulate certain contents .

At opposite extremes are the ‘ seamless web of learning ’ party who would appear to argue that integration is so noble in itself that it should be undertaken whether teachers can handle it or not , and the committed and dogmatic subject specialist with a bookful of behavioural objectives and forty pages of sequenced syllabus to back them up .
at opposite extremes are the ‘ seamless web of learning ’ party who would appear to argue that integration is so noble in itself that it should be undertaken whether teachers can handle it or not , and the committed and dogmatic subject specialist with a bookful of behavioural [aims/goals] and forty pages of sequenced syllabus to back them up .

Developing each of the themes on a grid with the following headings : ( a ) Topic ( b ) Main objectives ( c ) Concepts to be developed ( d ) Attitudes and values to be inculcated ( e ) Skills and abilities to be acquired ( f ) Facts to be taught ( g ) Ways of learning and teaching ( h ) Teaching and learning materials to be used ( i ) Evaluating the learning .
developing each of the themes on a grid with the following headings : ( a ) topic ( b ) main [aims/goals] ( c ) concepts to be developed ( d ) attitudes and values to be inculcated ( e ) skills and abilities to be acquired ( f ) facts to be taught ( g ) ways of learning and teaching ( h ) teaching and learning materials to be used ( i ) evaluating the learning .

Yet again it may be the product of basic rethinking and true integration founded on new objectives and a fresh approach as in the Social Studies syllabus now under development in Sierra Leone where an integrated programme with significant regional variations is being planned in a series of central and local workshops and where a special series of booklets on skills development ( e.g .
yet again it may be the product of basic rethinking and true integration founded on new [aims/goals] and a fresh approach as in the social studies syllabus now under development in sierra leone where an integrated programme with significant regional variations is being planned in a series of central and local workshops and where a special series of booklets on skills development ( e.g .

The first is quite simply to set better papers , to make sure that panels who evolve objectives and plan the content of the primary school curriculum assume control of the evaluation process , at the same time to reconsider the weighting of subjects and revise the languages in which they are set .
the first is quite simply to set better papers , to make sure that panels who evolve [aims/goals] and plan the content of the primary school curriculum assume control of the evaluation process , at the same time to reconsider the weighting of subjects and revise the languages in which they are set .

Choices of language , decisions regarding objectives , content , the priority accorded to them and the criteria for determining them all have to be made , renewed and periodically revised .
choices of language , decisions regarding [aims/goals] , content , the priority accorded to them and the criteria for determining them all have to be made , renewed and periodically revised .

‘ Objectives are like targets , ’ says Richmond , ‘ the nearer they are , the easier they are to hit .
‘ [aims/goals] are like targets , ’ says richmond , ‘ the nearer they are , the easier they are to hit .

Such statements derive from the meetings of a specially convened working party on national objectives , but as a preliminary to this a national debate on the purposes of primary education has already taken place in 1978 , culminating in a widely publicised and widely representative National Seminar on the Content of Primary Education .
such statements derive from the meetings of a specially convened working party on national [aims/goals] , but as a preliminary to this a national debate on the purposes of primary education has already taken place in 1978 , culminating in a widely publicised and widely representative national seminar on the content of primary education .

As our report indicated , besides denoting objectives , content and possible means of evaluation ( probably entitled ‘ how do we know what they have learnt ’ ) , the syllabus and materials were also to call attention to :
as our report indicated , besides denoting [aims/goals] , content and possible means of evaluation ( probably entitled ‘ how do we know what they have learnt ’ ) , the syllabus and materials were also to call attention to :

The teacher in school interprets the objectives and content in the curriculum plan and manages the learning situations through which intention is transformed into actual practice .
the teacher in school interprets the [aims/goals] and content in the curriculum plan and manages the learning situations through which intention is transformed into actual practice .

All that has been written above about the identification of the goodness of Christ 's teachings with the objectives of the creation of the Created God , can be applied equally to the teachings of the outstanding figures of all religions and of all religious history .
all that has been written above about the identification of the goodness of christ 's teachings with the [aims/goals] of the creation of the created god , can be applied equally to the teachings of the outstanding figures of all religions and of all religious history .

This contained general diplomatic objectives together with more specific ideas on joint approaches to tourism , planning , environmental protection and other mattes of common interest .
this contained general diplomatic [aims/goals] together with more specific ideas on joint approaches to tourism , planning , environmental protection and other mattes of common interest .

Obviously the progress made in educational thinking just prior to 1973 , and in its interpretation , had been quite dramatic and the way was clear for the first time to develop long-term objectives for education .
obviously the progress made in educational thinking just prior to 1973 , and in its interpretation , had been quite dramatic and the way was clear for the first time to develop long-term [aims/goals] for education .

Clear objectives are essential as , without well-defined goals , it is likely that efforts will be misdirected and achievement consequently disappointing .
clear [aims/goals] are essential as , without well-defined goals , it is likely that efforts will be misdirected and achievement consequently disappointing .

In any organisation where the personnel can relate themselves and their role to clearly defined objectives , they will be motivated by team effort .
in any organisation where the personnel can relate themselves and their role to clearly defined [aims/goals] , they will be motivated by team effort .

Business plans can be as simple or as complicated as the designer wishes , but their prime function is to set well-defined goals and to identify the resources in terms of time , finance , accommodation , equipment , personnel and training that will be required to meet the objectives .
business plans can be as simple or as complicated as the designer wishes , but their prime function is to set well-defined goals and to identify the resources in terms of time , finance , accommodation , equipment , personnel and training that will be required to meet the [aims/goals] .

The reallocation of management functions within the practice and redefinition of objectives can materially change the image of the practice and the working environment of the partners and staff .
the reallocation of management functions within the practice and redefinition of [aims/goals] can materially change the image of the practice and the working environment of the partners and staff .

Once again , clear objectives are necessary ; partners must manage their corporate affairs in a way similar to business affairs , with plans and objectives well defined and progress clearly monitored .
once again , clear [aims/goals] are necessary ; partners must manage their corporate affairs in a way similar to business affairs , with plans and [aims/goals] well defined and progress clearly monitored .

If specialisations or departments are to be created they must have clear identities and objectives .
if specialisations or departments are to be created they must have clear identities and [aims/goals] .

Unless a particular task is repeated regularly , it is essential for the good management of the job to prepare properly by considering the objectives of the work .
unless a particular task is repeated regularly , it is essential for the good management of the job to prepare properly by considering the [aims/goals] of the work .

Techniques of zero-based and flexible budgeting need organisational sophistication in setting objectives and interpreting results , which may be felt inappropriate to relatively small surveying practices .
techniques of zero-based and flexible budgeting need organisational sophistication in setting [aims/goals] and interpreting results , which may be felt inappropriate to relatively small surveying practices .

Accuracy and immediacy are often incompatible objectives for the accountant and the organisation should always insist that approximations that can be acted on are infinitely preferable to historical exactitudes .
accuracy and immediacy are often incompatible [aims/goals] for the accountant and the organisation should always insist that approximations that can be acted on are infinitely preferable to historical exactitudes .

Large professional partnerships commonly adopt corporate strategies with regard to the determination of objectives and allocation of functions to departments and individuals .
large professional partnerships commonly adopt corporate strategies with regard to the determination of [aims/goals] and allocation of functions to departments and individuals .

The county council 's Social Services committee endorsed the paper 's key objectives at their meeting last week .
the county council 's social services committee endorsed the paper 's key [aims/goals] at their meeting last week .

It s objectives , published in 1978 , were ‘ To detect , by quantifiable physical and biological means , the manifestation of ‘ earth energy ' ’ at prehistoric sites and to relate this to the ultimate nature of earth energy and to the suspected prehistoric manipulation of this energy ' .
it s [aims/goals] , published in 1978 , were ‘ to detect , by quantifiable physical and biological means , the manifestation of ‘ earth energy ' ’ at prehistoric sites and to relate this to the ultimate nature of earth energy and to the suspected prehistoric manipulation of this energy ' .

Genuinely considerate and sympathetic to others , she is rather disorganised in her day-to-day functioning but has learned to delegate attention to detail and accuracy while she focuses on broader , long-term objectives .
genuinely considerate and sympathetic to others , she is rather disorganised in her day-to-day functioning but has learned to delegate attention to detail and accuracy while she focuses on broader , long-term [aims/goals] .

Hates repetitiveness ; focuses on the main objectives , rather than on getting details of individual tasks right .
hates repetitiveness ; focuses on the main [aims/goals] , rather than on getting details of individual tasks right .

It is possible , however , under some circumstances and with very limited objectives , to place materials in the body to reconstruct or to restore , in part , some lost function .
it is possible , however , under some circumstances and with very limited [aims/goals] , to place materials in the body to reconstruct or to restore , in part , some lost function .

Courses leading to masters ' degrees are normally designed to fulfil one of the following objectives : to follow directly from the study undertaken at first degree level ; to enable graduates of one discipline to acquire knowledge of another related discipline or subject area ; to develop and apply the student 's first degree knowledge in a related specialized area ; or to relate and synthesize a number of disciplines which the student may not have studied at first degree level .
courses leading to masters ' degrees are normally designed to fulfil one of the following [aims/goals] : to follow directly from the study undertaken at first degree level ; to enable graduates of one discipline to acquire knowledge of another related discipline or subject area ; to develop and apply the student 's first degree knowledge in a related specialized area ; or to relate and synthesize a number of disciplines which the student may not have studied at first degree level .

’ Ward objectives are invaluable here in helping to identify the practical experience .
’ ward [aims/goals] are invaluable here in helping to identify the practical experience .

By formulating such objectives , ward staff are able to define precisely the general and the specific care required by the patients of their particular specialty .
by formulating such [aims/goals] , ward staff are able to define precisely the general and the specific care required by the patients of their particular specialty .

Objectives help to guide a student 's learning by specifying the range of experience available .
[aims/goals] help to guide a student 's learning by specifying the range of experience available .

Another consideration when formulating ward objectives is ‘ who is available to help to teach the students during an allocation ?
another consideration when formulating ward [aims/goals] is ‘ who is available to help to teach the students during an allocation ?

Ward objectives will help to ensure that the learner 's training programme is co-ordinated .
ward [aims/goals] will help to ensure that the learner 's training programme is co-ordinated .

The objectives should therefore be modified according to the individual requirements of a student .
the [aims/goals] should therefore be modified according to the individual requirements of a student .

Ward objectives will give her guidance in making the most of each allocation .
ward [aims/goals] will give her guidance in making the most of each allocation .

She can advise on ward objectives , teaching content and methods of presentation .
she can advise on ward [aims/goals] , teaching content and methods of presentation .

The ward sister can explain what she expects the nurse to learn during the allocation , and can set objectives .
the ward sister can explain what she expects the nurse to learn during the allocation , and can set [aims/goals] .

Testing of knowledge gained can be centred around the ward learning objectives .
testing of knowledge gained can be centred around the ward learning [aims/goals] .

The clinical teacher must be adaptable , as the objectives set for the student may need to be revised because of altered patient care .
the clinical teacher must be adaptable , as the [aims/goals] set for the student may need to be revised because of altered patient care .

Its content will obviously be considered in relation to the ward learning objectives .
its content will obviously be considered in relation to the ward learning [aims/goals] .

The expected benefits of improved knowledge and nursing care by the learner can be summarised in aims and objectives .
the expected benefits of improved knowledge and nursing care by the learner can be summarised in aims and [aims/goals] .

More precise objectives for individual teaching and tutorials should also be listed .
more precise [aims/goals] for individual teaching and tutorials should also be listed .

She is then able to cover the same ground , using the objectives set by the ward .
she is then able to cover the same ground , using the [aims/goals] set by the ward .

Aims and objectives
aims and [aims/goals]

Statements describing proposed changes are normally referred to as aims and objectives .
statements describing proposed changes are normally referred to as aims and [aims/goals] .

The first step is to translate aims into objectives , that is to state exactly what is expected of the students .
the first step is to translate aims into [aims/goals] , that is to state exactly what is expected of the students .

Compare the following list of objectives with the above aims :
compare the following list of [aims/goals] with the above aims :

The degree of precision in objectives will depend on the intentions of the teacher , the experience of the student and the nature of the activities involved .
the degree of precision in [aims/goals] will depend on the intentions of the teacher , the experience of the student and the nature of the activities involved .

Objectives , then , should reflect the teacher 's intentions and should be appropriate for the students and for the activity involved .
[aims/goals] , then , should reflect the teacher 's intentions and should be appropriate for the students and for the activity involved .

On the whole this is a matter of the teacher exercising her professional judgement both as a nurse and a teacher , but there are a variety of ideas available to help her in devising objectives .
on the whole this is a matter of the teacher exercising her professional judgement both as a nurse and a teacher , but there are a variety of ideas available to help her in devising [aims/goals] .

Devising objectives
devising [aims/goals]

Three useful conditions have been advocated by which a teacher may judge her objectives . These are :
three useful conditions have been advocated by which a teacher may judge her [aims/goals] . these are :

That objectives should be unambiguous .
that [aims/goals] should be unambiguous .

Some form of task analysis is necessary therefore , either in the form of observation or introspective reconstruction , in order to write unambiguous objectives .
some form of task analysis is necessary therefore , either in the form of observation or introspective reconstruction , in order to write unambiguous [aims/goals] .

Clarity in objectives can be achieved by using the latter terms .
clarity in [aims/goals] can be achieved by using the latter terms .

Words such as those in list ( b ) are more suitable for writing objectives .
words such as those in list ( b ) are more suitable for writing [aims/goals] .

This , then is the first condition for successful objectives — lack of ambiguity .
this , then is the first condition for successful [aims/goals] — lack of ambiguity .

In our three examples of objectives given above , these conditions are specified .
in our three examples of [aims/goals] given above , these conditions are specified .

If students are to be assessed on this aspect of their performance , it ought to be included in any teaching programme and in the teacher 's objectives .
if students are to be assessed on this aspect of their performance , it ought to be included in any teaching programme and in the teacher 's [aims/goals] .

If this is doubted , try to write a set of objectives , including criteria for assessment , for the psychological care of an elderly middle class lady who has just had a colostomy performed .
if this is doubted , try to write a set of [aims/goals] , including criteria for assessment , for the psychological care of an elderly middle class lady who has just had a colostomy performed .

There are three further points to be made about writing objectives .
there are three further points to be made about writing [aims/goals] .

If both of these activities are to be taught , then two objectives are needed so that we can distinguish between failures of planning and failures in execution .
if both of these activities are to be taught , then two [aims/goals] are needed so that we can distinguish between failures of planning and failures in execution .

The second point is that the writing of objectives has a purpose .
the second point is that the writing of [aims/goals] has a purpose .

Finally , the purpose of this section has been to help teachers write clear objectives .
finally , the purpose of this section has been to help teachers write clear [aims/goals] .

One could write clear , concise objectives for a completely irrelevant content , and one 's teaching of it could be improved , but this would in no way justify the use of an irrelevant curriculum .
one could write clear , concise [aims/goals] for a completely irrelevant content , and one 's teaching of it could be improved , but this would in no way justify the use of an irrelevant curriculum .

Objectives form part of the technology of the teaching process .
[aims/goals] form part of the technology of the teaching process .

In order to appreciate the value of objectives , it is useful to examine the part they can play in the teaching process .
in order to appreciate the value of [aims/goals] , it is useful to examine the part they can play in the teaching process .

There is a variety of models for teaching , perhaps as many as there are teachers , but the one that provides the most logical context for objectives is the systems model illustrated in diagrammatic form in Figure 4.1 .
there is a variety of models for teaching , perhaps as many as there are teachers , but the one that provides the most logical context for [aims/goals] is the systems model illustrated in diagrammatic form in figure 4.1 .

Not only does this provide us with the content to be taught , but it also lays the foundation on which final assessment can be based ; however , before we can devise our objectives , two further collections of information are needed .
not only does this provide us with the content to be taught , but it also lays the foundation on which final assessment can be based ; however , before we can devise our [aims/goals] , two further collections of information are needed .

Using this information , we can now write objectives that will achieve that stated aims and will be appropriate for the task and the students ' differences and needs .
using this information , we can now write [aims/goals] that will achieve that stated aims and will be appropriate for the task and the students ' differences and needs .

The main criterion is that the methods selected should be the best available for achieving the selected objectives for a known group of students .
the main criterion is that the methods selected should be the best available for achieving the selected [aims/goals] for a known group of students .

We now have three criteria for the selection of methods and resources : that they should be appropriate for the objectives and the students to be taught ; that they should be practicable in the context of the teaching session ; and that they should be compatible with the personal resources of the teacher .
we now have three criteria for the selection of methods and resources : that they should be appropriate for the [aims/goals] and the students to be taught ; that they should be practicable in the context of the teaching session ; and that they should be compatible with the personal resources of the teacher .

Once the teaching has been carried out , it remains to test formally or informally that the objectives have been achieved .
once the teaching has been carried out , it remains to test formally or informally that the [aims/goals] have been achieved .

In this model , testing consists of checking that the students can carry out the task by the criteria detailed in the objectives .
in this model , testing consists of checking that the students can carry out the task by the criteria detailed in the [aims/goals] .

It is here that the value of well thought-out objectives can be seen .
it is here that the value of well thought-out [aims/goals] can be seen .

As objectives are translations of intentions into statements of final competence , this confusion is less likely to happen .
as [aims/goals] are translations of intentions into statements of final competence , this confusion is less likely to happen .

In cases where students achieve all objectives satisfactorily , step six provides information for step two of the next related teaching programme .
in cases where students achieve all [aims/goals] satisfactorily , step six provides information for step two of the next related teaching programme .

The final step provides an evaluation or post-mortem of the whole teaching programme so that , in cases where students have not achieved the objectives , appropriately modified plans can be made for future teaching .
the final step provides an evaluation or post-mortem of the whole teaching programme so that , in cases where students have not achieved the [aims/goals] , appropriately modified plans can be made for future teaching .

The systematic model of teaching illustrates how influential correctly used objectives can be on the whole teaching process from planning to assessment , and demonstrates the need for extreme care in choosing them .
the systematic model of teaching illustrates how influential correctly used [aims/goals] can be on the whole teaching process from planning to assessment , and demonstrates the need for extreme care in choosing them .

We can turn now to a closer examination of the kinds of objectives possible .
we can turn now to a closer examination of the kinds of [aims/goals] possible .

There is a tendency when first writing objectives to limit them to simple forms of behaviour , such as the reproduction of facts and the demonstration of skills ; but if we , as teachers , are to offer our students anything more than simple training , we must be able to devise objectives that describe more complex operations .
there is a tendency when first writing [aims/goals] to limit them to simple forms of behaviour , such as the reproduction of facts and the demonstration of skills ; but if we , as teachers , are to offer our students anything more than simple training , we must be able to devise [aims/goals] that describe more complex operations .

Each domain is subdivided into a hierarchy of categories , which provide the basis for a set of objectives for a given piece of learning .
each domain is subdivided into a hierarchy of categories , which provide the basis for a set of [aims/goals] for a given piece of learning .

Table 4.1 presents the categories with the abilities that teachers could aim to develop in column one and in column two some terms for use in corresponding objectives .
table 4.1 presents the categories with the abilities that teachers could aim to develop in column one and in column two some terms for use in corresponding [aims/goals] .

The following is an example of some cognitive objectives for teaching the nursing care of a patient recovering from heart surgery . The student will be able to :
the following is an example of some cognitive [aims/goals] for teaching the nursing care of a patient recovering from heart surgery . the student will be able to :

In practice a set of objectives like these would be written for a series of teaching sessions for a specific student or group and may be varied to suit their experience and needs .
in practice a set of [aims/goals] like these would be written for a series of teaching sessions for a specific student or group and may be varied to suit their experience and needs .

Objectives ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) could consist of checks after a preliminary period of revision or practice carried out by the student on her own .
[aims/goals] ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) could consist of checks after a preliminary period of revision or practice carried out by the student on her own .

The teaching and practice sessions for objective ( 3 ) may consists of several guided experiences with different patients , for which subsidiary objectives may be needed .
the teaching and practice sessions for objective ( 3 ) may consists of several guided experiences with different patients , for which subsidiary [aims/goals] may be needed .

The teaching for objectives ( 3 ) and ( 5 ) may , in practice , run together as increasing competence enables the nurse to take more responsibility for the work .
the teaching for [aims/goals] ( 3 ) and ( 5 ) may , in practice , run together as increasing competence enables the nurse to take more responsibility for the work .

Table 4.2 gives the main interpretations of each category and some terms for related objectives .
table 4.2 gives the main interpretations of each category and some terms for related [aims/goals] .

It seems difficult to write behavioural objectives for this domain alone , as affective functioning is always interwoven with cognitive functioning .
it seems difficult to write behavioural [aims/goals] for this domain alone , as affective functioning is always interwoven with cognitive functioning .

In the examples of objectives given above for the cognitive domain , the affective component will be revealed in the quality of the interaction between the student and patient , in the way the nurse handles any complications arising , and in the evaluation stage , in the emphasis she places on personal and psychological needs .
in the examples of [aims/goals] given above for the cognitive domain , the affective component will be revealed in the quality of the interaction between the student and patient , in the way the nurse handles any complications arising , and in the evaluation stage , in the emphasis she places on personal and psychological needs .

The motor skills domain has received far less attention than the cognitive and affective , and objectives in this field are perhaps best devised from a study of the way skills are learned .
the motor skills domain has received far less attention than the cognitive and affective , and [aims/goals] in this field are perhaps best devised from a study of the way skills are learned .

Evaluation of aims and objectives
evaluation of aims and [aims/goals]

Translating aims into specific objectives can assist in removing the confusions that can arise between intentions and practice , but beyond this the case for objectives is less certain ; in fact , it has been one of the most hotly debated innovations in teaching for some time .
translating aims into specific [aims/goals] can assist in removing the confusions that can arise between intentions and practice , but beyond this the case for [aims/goals] is less certain ; in fact , it has been one of the most hotly debated innovations in teaching for some time .

The advantages and disadvantages of objectives can be examined from several viewpoints but we will confine ourselves to three : the practical , ethical and educational .
the advantages and disadvantages of [aims/goals] can be examined from several viewpoints but we will confine ourselves to three : the practical , ethical and educational .

From the practical standpoint , it is often claimed that there is never enough time to write objectives ; that their use removes the spontaneity from teaching ; and finally that from a clinical point of view they are inappropriate , as much of the teaching is ‘ crisis , teaching and can not be foreseen nor planned .
from the practical standpoint , it is often claimed that there is never enough time to write [aims/goals] ; that their use removes the spontaneity from teaching ; and finally that from a clinical point of view they are inappropriate , as much of the teaching is ‘ crisis , teaching and can not be foreseen nor planned .

Teachers become more efficient at writing objectives the more they practise , so that they can soon reach the stage where the time taken is no more than is required for planning anyway .
teachers become more efficient at writing [aims/goals] the more they practise , so that they can soon reach the stage where the time taken is no more than is required for planning anyway .

Of course one needs to exercise some common sense about the number of objectives written for any one piece of teaching , but if teaching sessions are seen as part of a series for a given student then objectives can be written for the whole series .
of course one needs to exercise some common sense about the number of [aims/goals] written for any one piece of teaching , but if teaching sessions are seen as part of a series for a given student then [aims/goals] can be written for the whole series .

Objections on the grounds of time often disguise a more fundamental problem which concerns teaching in general and not just the objectives model .
objections on the grounds of time often disguise a more fundamental problem which concerns teaching in general and not just the [aims/goals] model .

The most fundamental criticism raised on educational grounds is that objectives may be suitable for training programmes but are not suitable for education .
the most fundamental criticism raised on educational grounds is that [aims/goals] may be suitable for training programmes but are not suitable for education .

If the clinical teacher sees her role as a trainer developing competence then objectives can be applied ; but if she sees herself as providing something more than this , perhaps aiding and encouraging the development of the nurse as an autonomous person within the context of nursing , then she will go beyond the stage where objectives can be applied .
if the clinical teacher sees her role as a trainer developing competence then [aims/goals] can be applied ; but if she sees herself as providing something more than this , perhaps aiding and encouraging the development of the nurse as an autonomous person within the context of nursing , then she will go beyond the stage where [aims/goals] can be applied .

’ Many teachers argue that the more important things that they are concerned with , the ‘ something more ’ , are qualities that can not be measured by tests of competence ; if teaching is geared to what can be measured , objectives in other words , then these important qualities will be omitted and both the teaching and students will be the poorer .
’ many teachers argue that the more important things that they are concerned with , the ‘ something more ’ , are qualities that can not be measured by tests of competence ; if teaching is geared to what can be measured , [aims/goals] in other words , then these important qualities will be omitted and both the teaching and students will be the poorer .

Where objectives are used appropriately the model does have some advantages .
where [aims/goals] are used appropriately the model does have some advantages .

Two further advantages are that objectives provide the student with a clear idea of what is expected of her and that teachers are forced to think clearly about what they expect of students .
two further advantages are that [aims/goals] provide the student with a clear idea of what is expected of her and that teachers are forced to think clearly about what they expect of students .

The knowledge , skills and desirable attitudes to be encouraged , translated into team objectives , form the core of the team approach .
the knowledge , skills and desirable attitudes to be encouraged , translated into team [aims/goals] , form the core of the team approach .

In this way the curriculum objectives become a teaching resource , upon which the method of teaching and selection of teaching aids are based .
in this way the curriculum [aims/goals] become a teaching resource , upon which the method of teaching and selection of teaching aids are based .

Clamp ( 1980 ) sets out eight objectives which may be achieved by learning through incidents , and these briefly are to be able to :
clamp ( 1980 ) sets out eight [aims/goals] which may be achieved by learning through incidents , and these briefly are to be able to :

Prepare outline ( broad ) aims and objectives for period of study .
prepare outline ( broad ) aims and [aims/goals] for period of study .

Prepare objectives for nursing care based on patient problems .
prepare [aims/goals] for nursing care based on patient problems .

Circulate objectives and outline course material to all concerned ( ward staff particularly ) for discussion .
circulate [aims/goals] and outline course material to all concerned ( ward staff particularly ) for discussion .

Ensure that all objectives can be met by the programme provided .
ensure that all [aims/goals] can be met by the programme provided .

Prepare assessment instrument based on objectives , and circulate for comments .
prepare assessment instrument based on [aims/goals] , and circulate for comments .

This might include continuous assessment of the learner in the clinical area , with the expected level of competence defined in the objectives , appropriate to the learners ' stage of training .
this might include continuous assessment of the learner in the clinical area , with the expected level of competence defined in the [aims/goals] , appropriate to the learners ' stage of training .

What are the aims and objectives of the visit ?
what are the aims and [aims/goals] of the visit ?

The material to be learned is logically structured to achieve the presented objectives .
the material to be learned is logically structured to achieve the presented [aims/goals] .

Setting precise objectives is important .
setting precise [aims/goals] is important .

State the behavioural objectives to be reached at the end of the programme , i.e. what the learner is expected to be able to do .
state the behavioural [aims/goals] to be reached at the end of the programme , i.e. what the learner is expected to be able to do .

Divide the material into planned blocks in order to achieve the objectives .
divide the material into planned blocks in order to achieve the [aims/goals] .

Write down your aims and broad objectives .
write down your aims and broad [aims/goals] .

Set your behavioural objectives .
set your behavioural [aims/goals] .

Having decided on your broad aims and objectives and any outside resources which may be required , you should then break these down into the knowledge and skills the nurse requires in order to complete the project .
having decided on your broad aims and [aims/goals] and any outside resources which may be required , you should then break these down into the knowledge and skills the nurse requires in order to complete the project .

From the objectives a workbook must be planned .
from the [aims/goals] a workbook must be planned .

Each learner should have a copy of the objectives .
each learner should have a copy of the [aims/goals] .

, based on the objectives .
, based on the [aims/goals] .

The workbook should be distributed at the beginning of the weekday , together with the aims and objectives for the shop .
the workbook should be distributed at the beginning of the weekday , together with the aims and [aims/goals] for the shop .

If the workshop is planned to accompany a module of nursing experience , the ward and school objectives can be given so that the learner comes to see the ward and school staff as a complete team .
if the workshop is planned to accompany a module of nursing experience , the ward and school [aims/goals] can be given so that the learner comes to see the ward and school staff as a complete team .

Do the students feel the teacher has enabled them to achieve the objectives ?
do the students feel the teacher has enabled them to achieve the [aims/goals] ?

The basic library guide should be based on the library 's orientation objectives and should always be written with the user in mind ( see figures 5–11 , 18 and 19 ) .
the basic library guide should be based on the library 's orientation [aims/goals] and should always be written with the user in mind ( see figures 5–11 , 18 and 19 ) .

The aim of this chapter is to examine the goals and objectives for online user education and to suggest and give examples of methods , media and training programmes suitable for achieving these goals and objectives .
the aim of this chapter is to examine the goals and [aims/goals] for online user education and to suggest and give examples of methods , media and training programmes suitable for achieving these goals and [aims/goals] .

These differences in motivation would naturally lead to differences in formulations of objectives by the various groups .
these differences in motivation would naturally lead to differences in formulations of [aims/goals] by the various groups .

The goals and objectives should , therefore , be in close accordance with the needs of that group .
the goals and [aims/goals] should , therefore , be in close accordance with the needs of that group .

An attempt has therefore been made to formulate goals and objectives for online user education from this point of view .
an attempt has therefore been made to formulate goals and [aims/goals] for online user education from this point of view .

Goals and objectives for online user education
goals and [aims/goals] for online user education

Goals and objectives can be divided into three main groups : cognitive , concerned with understanding ; affective , concerned with feelings and attitudes ; and psychomotor , concerned with co-ordinated motor activity .
goals and [aims/goals] can be divided into three main groups : cognitive , concerned with understanding ; affective , concerned with feelings and attitudes ; and psychomotor , concerned with co-ordinated motor activity .

All three of these types of goals and objectives are involved in online user education .
all three of these types of goals and [aims/goals] are involved in online user education .

In the affective domain , objectives are concerned with how the user feels about using the system and if he/she continues to use this method of information retrieval after training .
in the affective domain , [aims/goals] are concerned with how the user feels about using the system and if he/she continues to use this method of information retrieval after training .

Psychomotor objectives are concerned with activities such as the use of terminals and modems .
psychomotor [aims/goals] are concerned with activities such as the use of terminals and modems .

The similarities and differences between the two groups can be seen even more clearly if an attempt is made to formulate specific short-term objectives .
the similarities and differences between the two groups can be seen even more clearly if an attempt is made to formulate specific short-term [aims/goals] .

Objectives for online orientation
[aims/goals] for online orientation

These first five objectives are cognitive and common for both end-users and intermediaries .
these first five [aims/goals] are cognitive and common for both end-users and intermediaries .

After orientation the intermediary should : Want to extend the general knowledge obtained according to objectives 1–5 , in order to carry out searches on may different databases , via different processing systems , for end-users .
after orientation the intermediary should : want to extend the general knowledge obtained according to [aims/goals] 1–5 , in order to carry out searches on may different databases , via different processing systems , for end-users .

As the objectives for online orientation are so similar for both end-users and intermediaries , it is reasonable to assume that orientation programmes can be produced which can be useful in the teaching of both groups .
as the [aims/goals] for online orientation are so similar for both end-users and intermediaries , it is reasonable to assume that orientation programmes can be produced which can be useful in the teaching of both groups .

Short-term objectives for instruction in online information retrieval
short-term [aims/goals] for instruction in online information retrieval

The short-term objectives for instruction in online information retrieval , for end-user and intermediaries , are set out in a user-orientated manner in table 3 .
the short-term [aims/goals] for instruction in online information retrieval , for end-user and intermediaries , are set out in a user-orientated manner in table 3 .

As can be seen from the table , many of the specific objectives are similar for the two groups .
as can be seen from the table , many of the specific [aims/goals] are similar for the two groups .

Such modules could be devised for the cognitive objectives 2 , 3 and part of 6 and 7 , and for the psychomotor objectives 3 and 4 .
such modules could be devised for the cognitive [aims/goals] 2 , 3 and part of 6 and 7 , and for the psychomotor [aims/goals] 3 and 4 .

Having defined the goals and objectives for online training and education , it is necessary to choose suitable methods and media for implementation .
having defined the goals and [aims/goals] for online training and education , it is necessary to choose suitable methods and media for implementation .

The objectives for instruction in online information retrieval have been outlined above .
the [aims/goals] for instruction in online information retrieval have been outlined above .

The goals and objectives for a successful programme of library user education must be based on a synthesis of the needs of students , academic staff and library staff .
the goals and [aims/goals] for a successful programme of library user education must be based on a synthesis of the needs of students , academic staff and library staff .

Evaluation , which is based on attempts to measure the realization of pre-specified goals and objectives , must , in this case be multi-faceted , concerned with library use and information skills , attitudes to libraries , effects of various instructional programmes , and use of a given library or information resources .
evaluation , which is based on attempts to measure the realization of pre-specified goals and [aims/goals] , must , in this case be multi-faceted , concerned with library use and information skills , attitudes to libraries , effects of various instructional programmes , and use of a given library or information resources .

The learning/teaching situation implicit in library instruction is complicated and the goals and objectives envisaged by students , academic staff and librarians often differ .
the learning/teaching situation implicit in library instruction is complicated and the goals and [aims/goals] envisaged by students , academic staff and librarians often differ .

The difficulties in the design of suitable tests for library use — in obtaining information that is of interest to the user — may well be partly due to the aforementioned confusion of objectives between librarians , academic staff , and students .
the difficulties in the design of suitable tests for library use — in obtaining information that is of interest to the user — may well be partly due to the aforementioned confusion of [aims/goals] between librarians , academic staff , and students .

These interviews were intended to provide information as to how well specific objectives , such as the awareness of the tools for information retrieval , had been achieved .
these interviews were intended to provide information as to how well specific [aims/goals] , such as the awareness of the tools for information retrieval , had been achieved .

Head teachers and other school teachers ( as well as lecturers in colleges ) were questioned and interviewed on their perceptions of the objectives and outcomes of the study skills courses being offered .
head teachers and other school teachers ( as well as lecturers in colleges ) were questioned and interviewed on their perceptions of the [aims/goals] and outcomes of the study skills courses being offered .

In terms of co-operation and coordination these organizations and the clearinghouses have similar aims and objectives , and to some extent they overlap in their functions .
in terms of co-operation and coordination these organizations and the clearinghouses have similar aims and [aims/goals] , and to some extent they overlap in their functions .

This goal is still far from fruition but some progress has been made , particularly by groups and organizations which have had limited but specific objectives ( eg the production of teaching media ) or which have functioned within one educational level ( eg academic libraries ) .
this goal is still far from fruition but some progress has been made , particularly by groups and organizations which have had limited but specific [aims/goals] ( eg the production of teaching media ) or which have functioned within one educational level ( eg academic libraries ) .

While course outlines , statements of course objectives etc are commonly prepared by college libraries , they are rarely documented in university and polytechnic libraries .
while course outlines , statements of course [aims/goals] etc are commonly prepared by college libraries , they are rarely documented in university and polytechnic libraries .

Generally this approach seemed to achieve its aim , and was welcomed by many librarians as an alternative to a more rigid system based on pre-stated objectives .
generally this approach seemed to achieve its aim , and was welcomed by many librarians as an alternative to a more rigid system based on pre-stated [aims/goals] .

To report to the British Library Research and Development Department , recommending objectives and a programme of further research in their field.o
to report to the british library research and development department , recommending [aims/goals] and a programme of further research in their field.o

As a new care assistant , by the end of the ten weeks , you would be expected to know the aims and objectives of the Home and your role within it .
as a new care assistant , by the end of the ten weeks , you would be expected to know the aims and [aims/goals] of the home and your role within it .

It includes client care , staffing , the budget , the aims and objectives for the year , and a policy statement of the aims of the home .
it includes client care , staffing , the budget , the aims and [aims/goals] for the year , and a policy statement of the aims of the home .

Eve , the manager , believes it 's very important that new assistants understand these objectives and the meaning of the policy statement right from the start .
eve , the manager , believes it 's very important that new assistants understand these [aims/goals] and the meaning of the policy statement right from the start .

Last year , the objectives were :
last year , the [aims/goals] were :

Loyalty , service , and duty were exactly the values which the ‘ boy labour ’ reformers sought to impress upon young workers , and as many of the reformers were also active , or had been active in one or more of the youth groups , they were sympathetic to the objectives of the Scout movement .
loyalty , service , and duty were exactly the values which the ‘ boy labour ’ reformers sought to impress upon young workers , and as many of the reformers were also active , or had been active in one or more of the youth groups , they were sympathetic to the [aims/goals] of the scout movement .

And in between were ranged a number of additional hopes and objectives all of which were intended to contribute toward the creation of the ideal citizen .
and in between were ranged a number of additional hopes and [aims/goals] all of which were intended to contribute toward the creation of the ideal citizen .

This indicates a profound division of opinion between different sections of the middle class over methods and objectives .
this indicates a profound division of opinion between different sections of the middle class over methods and [aims/goals] .

We have shown that the objectives of the youth movement , the juvenile labour exchanges and the proposed continuation schools were not so much the creation of conformist youth as of the adaptable , efficient citizen , motivated by service , mediated by humanism , and morally conscious .
we have shown that the [aims/goals] of the youth movement , the juvenile labour exchanges and the proposed continuation schools were not so much the creation of conformist youth as of the adaptable , efficient citizen , motivated by service , mediated by humanism , and morally conscious .

The regulation of money supply may be used by governments to achieve specific economic objectives , e.g .
the regulation of money supply may be used by governments to achieve specific economic [aims/goals] , e.g .

6.6.4 Project finance objectives
6.6.4 project finance [aims/goals]

‘ Strategic planning ’ can not be defined rigidly but , in general , consists firstly , of a broad statement of objectives and strategies for the organisation and , secondly , the formulation of long-term plans to achieve these .
‘ strategic planning ’ can not be defined rigidly but , in general , consists firstly , of a broad statement of [aims/goals] and strategies for the organisation and , secondly , the formulation of long-term plans to achieve these .

Objectives and strategies can remain valid for many years but the long-term plans to achieve them need to be revised more frequently to reflect the up-to-date position of the organisation and its environment .
[aims/goals] and strategies can remain valid for many years but the long-term plans to achieve them need to be revised more frequently to reflect the up-to-date position of the organisation and its environment .

The purpose of a corporate plan is to state the objectives and strategies of the corporation and to present the long-term plans of the total corporation .
the purpose of a corporate plan is to state the [aims/goals] and strategies of the corporation and to present the long-term plans of the total corporation .

When some idea of the framework of objectives , aspirations and activities has been obtained it may be useful to compile a questionnaire , into which answers may be inserted , either by the leader or by the researcher .
when some idea of the framework of [aims/goals] , aspirations and activities has been obtained it may be useful to compile a questionnaire , into which answers may be inserted , either by the leader or by the researcher .

Whatever the disciplinary practices across the generations , it is plain to see that without a reasonable amount of co-operation and compliance from the child , parents would n't get far in fulfilling their objectives .
whatever the disciplinary practices across the generations , it is plain to see that without a reasonable amount of co-operation and compliance from the child , parents would n't get far in fulfilling their [aims/goals] .

She uses reason as well as power to achieve her objectives .
she uses reason as well as power to achieve her [aims/goals] .

This strategy was based on a number of key objectives .
this strategy was based on a number of key [aims/goals] .

By 1987 , 57 local authorities were requested to submit Inner Area Programmes which were to outline the objectives of Urban Programme funding , and to indicate how other funding programmes dovetailed into Urban Programme activities ( DoE , 1989 ) .
by 1987 , 57 local authorities were requested to submit inner area programmes which were to outline the [aims/goals] of urban programme funding , and to indicate how other funding programmes dovetailed into urban programme activities ( doe , 1989 ) .

This provided a series of standardized measures against which to evaluate individual Projects , while at the same time laying down broader objectives for the whole Programme .
this provided a series of standardized measures against which to evaluate individual projects , while at the same time laying down broader [aims/goals] for the whole programme .

These objectives were to improve employment prospects in the inner cities ; to reduce derelict land and sites ; to strengthen the social fabric of the inner city ; and to reduce the number of People in acute housing stress .
these [aims/goals] were to improve employment prospects in the inner cities ; to reduce derelict land and sites ; to strengthen the social fabric of the inner city ; and to reduce the number of people in acute housing stress .

In line with the programmes produced in the late 1970s , a brief contextual statement would be followed by a closer definition of the objectives to be pursued in the economic , social , environmental and housing areas , and the role to be played by various statutory authorities and the voluntary sector ( Birmingham City Council , 1987b ; Newcastle City Council , 1987 ) .
in line with the programmes produced in the late 1970s , a brief contextual statement would be followed by a closer definition of the [aims/goals] to be pursued in the economic , social , environmental and housing areas , and the role to be played by various statutory authorities and the voluntary sector ( birmingham city council , 1987b ; newcastle city council , 1987 ) .

The later programmes laid down clearer guidelines about the objectives and role of Urban Programme funding than was always apparent in the later 1970s .
the later programmes laid down clearer guidelines about the [aims/goals] and role of urban programme funding than was always apparent in the later 1970s .

Many objectives were rather bland — perhaps an inevitable reflection of ( in the Partnerships at least ) an executive committee comprising such varied interests as central and local governmental , district health authorities , the police , the probation service and chambers of commerce and industry .
many [aims/goals] were rather bland — perhaps an inevitable reflection of ( in the partnerships at least ) an executive committee comprising such varied interests as central and local governmental , district health authorities , the police , the probation service and chambers of commerce and industry .

However innocuous overall objectives might appear , there can be little doubt that a much tighter evaluation of Urban Programme funding had been implemented since the 1985 review ( DoE , 1985c ) .
however innocuous overall [aims/goals] might appear , there can be little doubt that a much tighter evaluation of urban programme funding had been implemented since the 1985 review ( doe , 1985c ) .

Economic objectives , such as improving or converting buildings for industrial use , are assessed against measures that include units created , total floorspace involved and numbers of jobs created and/or preserved .
economic [aims/goals] , such as improving or converting buildings for industrial use , are assessed against measures that include units created , total floorspace involved and numbers of jobs created and/or preserved .

More revealing insights into the operations of the Urban Programme can be gleaned from an examination of the Partnership 's role rather than through explorations of anodyne objectives .
more revealing insights into the operations of the urban programme can be gleaned from an examination of the partnership 's role rather than through explorations of anodyne [aims/goals] .

UDCs were given certain powers to achieve these objectives .
udcs were given certain powers to achieve these [aims/goals] .

These kinds of objectives were to be attained by public-sector pump-priming investment designed to lever out private resources .
these kinds of [aims/goals] were to be attained by public-sector pump-priming investment designed to lever out private resources .

Reaffirms the objectives of Green Belt policies and related development control policies as laid down in previous Circulars .
reaffirms the [aims/goals] of green belt policies and related development control policies as laid down in previous circulars .

There is , however , a great deal of opposition to the project as there is no guarantee that these objectives will be achieved , because large-scale relocation of displaced farmers will be necessary and because there are likely to be profound and detrimental ecological consequences .
there is , however , a great deal of opposition to the project as there is no guarantee that these [aims/goals] will be achieved , because large-scale relocation of displaced farmers will be necessary and because there are likely to be profound and detrimental ecological consequences .

In some cases , it is possible to combine several objectives such as the treatment of sewage to produce fuel or food energy .
in some cases , it is possible to combine several [aims/goals] such as the treatment of sewage to produce fuel or food energy .

Whether the apparel item is casual or formal , the stitching in the garment must accomplish one or more of the following objectives .
whether the apparel item is casual or formal , the stitching in the garment must accomplish one or more of the following [aims/goals] .

These objectives and guarantees are insufficient in themselves to create a constitution , a framework of government .
these [aims/goals] and guarantees are insufficient in themselves to create a constitution , a framework of government .

They are designed to explain why it is necessary for the government to bind itself to certain objectives .
they are designed to explain why it is necessary for the government to bind itself to certain [aims/goals] .

It is clear in this passage that the nation , as distinct from government , creates rights , grants citizenship ; it has objectives that it seeks to accomplish , but it must act through the prescribed processes of the law .
it is clear in this passage that the nation , as distinct from government , creates rights , grants citizenship ; it has [aims/goals] that it seeks to accomplish , but it must act through the prescribed processes of the law .

There was a deep contradiction between this charity expressed toward the enemy and the military objectives that were becoming obvious in the fall of 1863 .
there was a deep contradiction between this charity expressed toward the enemy and the military [aims/goals] that were becoming obvious in the fall of 1863 .

Lego World , stated in terms of building simple combinatorial objects , is logically similar to a set of objectives that must be achieved by a military force to carry out its total objective .
lego world , stated in terms of building simple combinatorial objects , is logically similar to a set of [aims/goals] that must be achieved by a military force to carry out its total objective .

Technology graphs concern objects and actions , things and objectives , products and processes in a single framework .
technology graphs concern objects and actions , things and [aims/goals] , products and processes in a single framework .

Let each of very many firms , at dierent levels of disaggregation , create Java objects proper to their activities , building materials , partially processed materials , partially achieved objectives , and objectives including products .
let each of very many firms , at dierent levels of disaggregation , create java objects proper to their activities , building materials , partially processed materials , partially achieved [aims/goals] , and [aims/goals] including products .

During his 29-year tenure as a public interest lawyer , Dudovitz has proved that he can deliver on some of the Legal Services Corp. 's key objectives .
during his 29-year tenure as a public interest lawyer , dudovitz has proved that he can deliver on some of the legal services corp. 's key [aims/goals] .

The Bureau 's major objectives are to increase economic stability of its clients , preserve affordable housing , and stabilize families and communities .
the bureau 's major [aims/goals] are to increase economic stability of its clients , preserve affordable housing , and stabilize families and communities .

Those objectives include making changes in systems that affect the poor .
those [aims/goals] include making changes in systems that affect the poor .

The public policy objectives of Healthy People 2010 include routine emergency department screening.9 The provision of such interventions is currently not routine .
the public policy [aims/goals] of healthy people 2010 include routine emergency department screening.9 the provision of such interventions is currently not routine .

National promotion and disease prevention objectives .
national promotion and disease prevention [aims/goals] .

The President 's national homeland security strategy does provide for a proposed definition of homeland security , which should help the government to more effectively administer , fund and coordinate activities both inside and outside a new department and to ensure that all parties are focused on the same goals and objectives , results and outcomes .
the president 's national homeland security strategy does provide for a proposed definition of homeland security , which should help the government to more effectively administer , fund and coordinate activities both inside and outside a new department and to ensure that all parties are focused on the same goals and [aims/goals] , results and outcomes .

Agencies or programs that balance multiple missions present the Congress with significant issues that must be evaluated in order to determine how best to achieve all of the goals and objectives for which the entity was created .
agencies or programs that balance multiple missions present the congress with significant issues that must be evaluated in order to determine how best to achieve all of the goals and [aims/goals] for which the entity was created .

In making these decisions , Congress should consider the criteria presented earlier in my testimony , especially those related to agency transitions , such as mission relevancy , similar goals and objectives , leveraging effectiveness , and creating gains through consolidation .
in making these decisions , congress should consider the criteria presented earlier in my testimony , especially those related to agency transitions , such as mission relevancy , similar goals and [aims/goals] , leveraging effectiveness , and creating gains through consolidation .

The quality and continuity of the new department 's leadership is critical to building and sustaining the long-term effectiveness of DHS and homeland security goals and objectives .
the quality and continuity of the new department 's leadership is critical to building and sustaining the long-term effectiveness of dhs and homeland security goals and [aims/goals] .

The transition plan should establish a time table for the orderly migration of each component agency or program to the new department , identify key objectives to be achieved during the first year following the transfer , and describe the strategy for achieving an orderly transition and sustaining mission performance .
the transition plan should establish a time table for the orderly migration of each component agency or program to the new department , identify key [aims/goals] to be achieved during the first year following the transfer , and describe the strategy for achieving an orderly transition and sustaining mission performance .

The full report , including GAO 's objectives , scope , methodology , and analysis is available at www.gao.gov/cgi-bin/getrpt ? GAO-02-966 .
the full report , including gao 's [aims/goals] , scope , methodology , and analysis is available at www.gao.gov/cgi-bin/getrpt ? gao-02-966 .

We have observed that modernizing performance management systems and linking them to agency strategic plans and desired outcomes should be a top priority as agencies seek to transform their cultures in response to existing and emerging challenges and opportunities.1 Performance management systems in leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key objectives .
we have observed that modernizing performance management systems and linking them to agency strategic plans and desired outcomes should be a top priority as agencies seek to transform their cultures in response to existing and emerging challenges and opportunities.1 performance management systems in leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key [aims/goals] .

They strive to provide candid and constructive feedback to help individual employees maximize their contribution and potential in understanding and realizing the goals and objectives of the agency .
they strive to provide candid and constructive feedback to help individual employees maximize their contribution and potential in understanding and realizing the goals and [aims/goals] of the agency .

Most federal performance management systems fail to achieve these objectives .
most federal performance management systems fail to achieve these [aims/goals] .

As appropriate , agencies developed the performance expectations for senior executives ' individual plans to meet particular program and management objectives and agency needs .
as appropriate , agencies developed the performance expectations for senior executives ' individual plans to meet particular program and management [aims/goals] and agency needs .

For additional information on our objectives , scope , and methodology , see appendix I. BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA are in the early stages of implementing new performance management systems for their senior executives .
for additional information on our [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology , see appendix i. blm , fhwa , irs , and vba are in the early stages of implementing new performance management systems for their senior executives .

For example , FHWA set a performance expectation for senior executives to develop strategies to achieve FHWA 's strategic objectives and performance goals .
for example , fhwa set a performance expectation for senior executives to develop strategies to achieve fhwa 's strategic [aims/goals] and performance goals .

Objectives , Scope , and Methodology To meet our objectives , we focused our review on federal agencies that have implemented a set of balanced expectations in their performance management systems for all or a significant portion of their senior executives prior to the Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) amending the regulations .
[aims/goals] , scope , and methodology to meet our [aims/goals] , we focused our review on federal agencies that have implemented a set of balanced expectations in their performance management systems for all or a significant portion of their senior executives prior to the office of personnel management ( opm ) amending the regulations .

The random selections covered two or more levels of the Executive Appendix I Objectives , Scope , and Methodology Schedule for senior executives in each agency .
the random selections covered two or more levels of the executive appendix i [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology schedule for senior executives in each agency .

The elements include GPRA , key management objectives , the President 's Management Agenda , and 4Cs philosophy ( consultation , cooperation , communication , all in the service of conservation ) .
the elements include gpra , key management [aims/goals] , the president 's management agenda , and 4cs philosophy ( consultation , cooperation , communication , all in the service of conservation ) .

Performance Elements performance objectives that senior executives work to achieve during the year .
performance elements performance [aims/goals] that senior executives work to achieve during the year .

FHWA requires its senior executives to set critical and noncritical performance objectives that are tailored to their responsibilities within their respective offices and aligned with the FHWA Administrator 's performance agreement with the Secretary of Transportation .
fhwa requires its senior executives to set critical and noncritical performance [aims/goals] that are tailored to their responsibilities within their respective offices and aligned with the fhwa administrator 's performance agreement with the secretary of transportation .

These objectives are to contribute to FHWA 's corporate management strategies , which are based on the Malcolm Baldridge and the Presidential Quality Award criteria .
these [aims/goals] are to contribute to fhwa 's corporate management strategies , which are based on the malcolm baldridge and the presidential quality award criteria .

Performance Standards for Summary Ratings FHWA appraises senior executives on their achievement towards all the performance objectives in their individual plans .
performance standards for summary ratings fhwa appraises senior executives on their achievement towards all the performance [aims/goals] in their individual plans .

Summary ratings : Senior executives receive a summary rating on the achievement of their performance objectives .
summary ratings : senior executives receive a summary rating on the achievement of their performance [aims/goals] .

The commitments describe a limited number of critical actions ; objectives , such as personal development objectives ; and/or results that the executive will work to achieve .
the commitments describe a limited number of critical actions ; [aims/goals] , such as personal development [aims/goals] ; and/or results that the executive will work to achieve .

Performance Standards for Elements objectives established by the organization 's annual business or operations plan .
performance standards for elements [aims/goals] established by the organization 's annual business or operations plan .

In addition , senior executives are to establish a principal commitment in their individual performance plans focused on the overall attainment of objectives to accomplish the operating division 's performance plan .
in addition , senior executives are to establish a principal commitment in their individual performance plans focused on the overall attainment of [aims/goals] to accomplish the operating division 's performance plan .

The executive consistently demonstrated the highest level of integrity and performance in promoting the annual business plan and IRS 's strategic goals and objectives .
the executive consistently demonstrated the highest level of integrity and performance in promoting the annual business plan and irs 's strategic goals and [aims/goals] .

This strategic realignment and convergence of interests between the board and the outside auditors would help to achieve these objectives .
this strategic realignment and convergence of interests between the board and the outside auditors would help to achieve these [aims/goals] .

This executive guide is intended to assist federal agencies in achieving the objectives of the Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act of 1990 and subsequent related legislation by providing case studies of 11 practices critical for establishing and maintaining sound financial operations .
this executive guide is intended to assist federal agencies in achieving the [aims/goals] of the chief financial officers ( cfo ) act of 1990 and subsequent related legislation by providing case studies of 11 practices critical for establishing and maintaining sound financial operations .

Further , they must be able to rely on federal finance organizations to provide analysis and insight about the financial implications of program decisions and the impact of those decisions on agency performance goals and objectives .
further , they must be able to rely on federal finance organizations to provide analysis and insight about the financial implications of program decisions and the impact of those decisions on agency performance goals and [aims/goals] .

Appendix I provides a more detailed description of our research objectives , scope , and methodology .
appendix i provides a more detailed description of our research [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology .

In addition , the internal controls at these organizations are designed to efficiently meet the control objectives necessary for performance measurement and management as well as external financial reporting .
in addition , the internal controls at these organizations are designed to efficiently meet the control [aims/goals] necessary for performance measurement and management as well as external financial reporting .

Commonwealth of Virginia To build a foundation of control and accountability , senior government leaders in the Commonwealth of Virginia had clear goals and objectives that went beyond receiving an unqualified audit opinion .
commonwealth of virginia to build a foundation of control and accountability , senior government leaders in the commonwealth of virginia had clear goals and [aims/goals] that went beyond receiving an unqualified audit opinion .

For example , internal controls over expenditure data met the control objectives for aggregating and reporting this information on the financial statements ; however , they did not meet the objectives for calculating perunitcost efficiency measures required for performance management .
for example , internal controls over expenditure data met the control [aims/goals] for aggregating and reporting this information on the financial statements ; however , they did not meet the [aims/goals] for calculating perunitcost efficiency measures required for performance management .

Therefore , state agencies , with the help of the State Auditor 's Office , reevaluated and redesigned agency internal controls to meet both external financial reporting and performance management control objectives .
therefore , state agencies , with the help of the state auditor 's office , reevaluated and redesigned agency internal controls to meet both external financial reporting and performance management control [aims/goals] .

For example , mobilizing commitment , especially from those outside the finance organization , was often one of the more difficult objectives to accomplish .
for example , mobilizing commitment , especially from those outside the finance organization , was often one of the more difficult [aims/goals] to accomplish .

Redefine the Role of Finance To Better Support Mission Objectives In the private sector , the role of the finance organization historically has centered on oversight and control , focusing on its fiduciary responsibilities and external financial reporting requirements .
redefine the role of finance to better support mission [aims/goals] in the private sector , the role of the finance organization historically has centered on oversight and control , focusing on its fiduciary responsibilities and external financial reporting requirements .

We found the leading finance organizations we visited had redefined the role of finance to better support mission objectives by assessing the finance organization 's current role in meeting mission objectives , maximizing the efficiency of daytoday accounting activities , and organizing finance to add value .
we found the leading finance organizations we visited had redefined the role of finance to better support mission [aims/goals] by assessing the finance organization 's current role in meeting mission [aims/goals] , maximizing the efficiency of daytoday accounting activities , and organizing finance to add value .

Many leading finance organizations assess their current role in supporting mission objectives by comparing the percentage of staff time spent on strategic support activities , such as business performance analysis or cost analysis , with the percentage of resources spent on transaction processing and other routine accounting activities .
many leading finance organizations assess their current role in supporting mission [aims/goals] by comparing the percentage of staff time spent on strategic support activities , such as business performance analysis or cost analysis , with the percentage of resources spent on transaction processing and other routine accounting activities .

Therefore , many leading finance organizations have calculated and compared these percentages as a general indication of how well they supported the organization 's business objectives .
therefore , many leading finance organizations have calculated and compared these percentages as a general indication of how well they supported the organization 's business [aims/goals] .

Case Study Assessing and revising the organization 's charter , processes , products , and services enables finance to better support business objectives The role of Pfizer 's finance organization has changed significantly over the past several years , from an organization focused primarily on control and compliance , to one that is integral to making strategic business decisions .
case study assessing and revising the organization 's charter , processes , products , and services enables finance to better support business [aims/goals] the role of pfizer 's finance organization has changed significantly over the past several years , from an organization focused primarily on control and compliance , to one that is integral to making strategic business decisions .

Through comprehensive revisions to its charter , processes , organization and systems , Pfizer has reduced the cost associated with transaction processing activities by up to 50 percent in certain functions and shifted its focus to activities that directly support Pfizer 's business objectives .
through comprehensive revisions to its charter , processes , organization and systems , pfizer has reduced the cost associated with transaction processing activities by up to 50 percent in certain functions and shifted its focus to activities that directly support pfizer 's business [aims/goals] .

Strategies to Consider To assess the finance organization 's current role in meeting mission objectives , agency CFOs and senior finance executives could :
strategies to consider to assess the finance organization 's current role in meeting mission [aims/goals] , agency cfos and senior finance executives could :

As part of an overall strategy to reduce the cost of finance and better support business objectives , many leading organizations have reduced the number of staff required to perform routine transaction processing activities by eliminating or streamlining inefficient processes and/or consolidating these activities at shared services centers .
as part of an overall strategy to reduce the cost of finance and better support business [aims/goals] , many leading organizations have reduced the number of staff required to perform routine transaction processing activities by eliminating or streamlining inefficient processes and/or consolidating these activities at shared services centers .

Key characteristics Organize Finance to Add Value • The finance organization 's mission supports the entity 's business objectives .
key characteristics organize finance to add value • the finance organization 's mission supports the entity 's business [aims/goals] .

To accomplish this , leading finance organizations have realigned their mission and organizational structure to better support the entity 's business objectives .
to accomplish this , leading finance organizations have realigned their mission and organizational structure to better support the entity 's business [aims/goals] .

To achieve these objectives Owens Corning formed crossfunctional process improvement teams for each major business process to improve or replace longstanding and often ineffective business processes .
to achieve these [aims/goals] owens corning formed crossfunctional process improvement teams for each major business process to improve or replace longstanding and often ineffective business processes .

Research Objectives , Scope , and Methodology The objectives of our research were to ( 1 ) define and describe the characteristics of a worldclass finance organization , ( 2 ) identify the factors that are essential for finance organizations to improve their financial management and move towards worldclass standards , and ( 3 ) provide case studies which illustrate the efforts of leading finance organizations from private sector companies and state governments to improve their financial management and the overall performance of their organizations .
research [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology the [aims/goals] of our research were to ( 1 ) define and describe the characteristics of a worldclass finance organization , ( 2 ) identify the factors that are essential for finance organizations to improve their financial management and move towards worldclass standards , and ( 3 ) provide case studies which illustrate the efforts of leading finance organizations from private sector companies and state governments to improve their financial management and the overall performance of their organizations .

To meet our research objectives , we performed an extensive literature search on the subject of financial management best practices using commercial best practice databases , the Internet , prior GAO reports , trade journals and magazines , federal guidelines , private sector studies , and other resources .
to meet our research [aims/goals] , we performed an extensive literature search on the subject of financial management best practices using commercial best practice databases , the internet , prior gao reports , trade journals and magazines , federal guidelines , private sector studies , and other resources .

We synthesized and analyzed the numerous documents acquired from our literature search and case study organizations to determine the objectives essential for organizations to improve their financial management .
we synthesized and analyzed the numerous documents acquired from our literature search and case study organizations to determine the [aims/goals] essential for organizations to improve their financial management .

On May 3 , 1996 , the Commission again certified to OMB that the information collection complied with each of the objectives identified in 44 U.S.C .
on may 3 , 1996 , the commission again certified to omb that the information collection complied with each of the [aims/goals] identified in 44 u.s.c .

For a more detailed discussion of our objectives , scope , and methodology , see appendix I .
for a more detailed discussion of our [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology , see appendix i .

The control activities used by an organization to address improper payments vary according to the specific threats faced and risks incurred ; differences in objectives ; managerial judgment ; size and complexity of the organization ; operational environment ; sensitivity and value of data ; and requirements for system reliability , availability , and performance .
the control activities used by an organization to address improper payments vary according to the specific threats faced and risks incurred ; differences in [aims/goals] ; managerial judgment ; size and complexity of the organization ; operational environment ; sensitivity and value of data ; and requirements for system reliability , availability , and performance .

New Zealand requires entities from which the government purchases a significant quantity of goods and services to include audited statements of objectives and statements of service performance with their financial statements .
new zealand requires entities from which the government purchases a significant quantity of goods and services to include audited statements of [aims/goals] and statements of service performance with their financial statements .

The goals and objectives of the initiatives being implemented must be transparent to all in the organization .
the goals and [aims/goals] of the initiatives being implemented must be transparent to all in the organization .

Objectives , Scope , and Methodology The objectives of this study were to identify effective practices and provide case illustrations and other information for federal agencies ' consideration when developing strategies and planning and implementing actions to manage improper payments .
[aims/goals] , scope , and methodology the [aims/goals] of this study were to identify effective practices and provide case illustrations and other information for federal agencies ' consideration when developing strategies and planning and implementing actions to manage improper payments .

We then contacted three agencies , discussed our study objectives and planned approach , and asked each if it had any programs in which actions to reduce improper payments were effective .
we then contacted three agencies , discussed our study [aims/goals] and planned approach , and asked each if it had any programs in which actions to reduce improper payments were effective .

The mission of the National Contract Management Association ( NCMA ) is to help contract managers best achieve their objectives to manage customer and supplier expectations and relationships , control risk and cost , and contribute to organizational profitability and success .
the mission of the national contract management association ( ncma ) is to help contract managers best achieve their [aims/goals] to manage customer and supplier expectations and relationships , control risk and cost , and contribute to organizational profitability and success .

Our objectives were to ( 1 ) identify and provide examples of the key practices agencies used to empower and involve employees , ( 2 ) identify some of the barriers that these agencies experienced and strategies they used to address them , and ( 3 ) provide examples of reported performance improvements from empowering and involving employees .
our [aims/goals] were to ( 1 ) identify and provide examples of the key practices agencies used to empower and involve employees , ( 2 ) identify some of the barriers that these agencies experienced and strategies they used to address them , and ( 3 ) provide examples of reported performance improvements from empowering and involving employees .

This modernization is OPM 's central strategy to meet the long-term customer service and financial management objectives for CSRS and FERS .
this modernization is opm 's central strategy to meet the long-term customer service and financial management [aims/goals] for csrs and fers .

In its fiscal year 2002 performance plan OPM reported that , beginning in fiscal year 2002 , it will phase in a new business model for retirement claims processing.13 To meet our objectives , we asked officials at five agencies to identify initiatives they had that empowered or involved employees .
in its fiscal year 2002 performance plan opm reported that , beginning in fiscal year 2002 , it will phase in a new business model for retirement claims processing.13 to meet our [aims/goals] , we asked officials at five agencies to identify initiatives they had that empowered or involved employees .

Leaders provided funding and created financial and other incentives to support new ways of working and to encourage employees to attain the agencies ' goals and objectives .
leaders provided funding and created financial and other incentives to support new ways of working and to encourage employees to attain the agencies ' goals and [aims/goals] .

Using Employee Teams To Help Accomplish Agency Missions Adopting a teams-based approach to operations can improve employee morale and job satisfaction by creating an environment characterized by open communication , enhanced flexibility in meeting job demands , and a sense of shared responsibility for accomplishing agency goals and objectives .
using employee teams to help accomplish agency missions adopting a teams-based approach to operations can improve employee morale and job satisfaction by creating an environment characterized by open communication , enhanced flexibility in meeting job demands , and a sense of shared responsibility for accomplishing agency goals and [aims/goals] .

To enable the team to efficiently meet their objectives , the teams were also responsible for setting their work schedules and managing their workload .
to enable the team to efficiently meet their [aims/goals] , the teams were also responsible for setting their work schedules and managing their workload .

Involving employees in the planning process helps to develop agency goals and objectives that incorporate insights about operations from a front-line perspective , as well as increases employees ' understanding and acceptance of organizational goals and objectives .
involving employees in the planning process helps to develop agency goals and [aims/goals] that incorporate insights about operations from a front-line perspective , as well as increases employees ' understanding and acceptance of organizational goals and [aims/goals] .

Page 17 GAO-01-1070 Human Capital Sharing performance information can provide employees with a more meaningful perspective about how their day-to-day activities contribute toward the organization 's goals and objectives .
page 17 gao-01-1070 human capital sharing performance information can provide employees with a more meaningful perspective about how their day-to-day activities contribute toward the organization 's goals and [aims/goals] .

The employees we met with were aware of their agencies ' and their units ' performance goals and objectives , and they said that sharing performance information had enhanced communications across all levels of the organization .
the employees we met with were aware of their agencies ' and their units ' performance goals and [aims/goals] , and they said that sharing performance information had enhanced communications across all levels of the organization .

Delegating Authorities to Front-line Employees provide input , and the agency used that input as part of its efforts to develop a balanced set of goals and objectives for the division .
delegating authorities to front-line employees provide input , and the agency used that input as part of its efforts to develop a balanced set of goals and [aims/goals] for the division .

Such postings permitted employees to easily see how their units ' performance was contributing to agency goals and objectives .
such postings permitted employees to easily see how their units ' performance was contributing to agency goals and [aims/goals] .

If employees believe they have the authority to tackle goals and objectives beyond their formal job descriptions and assigned units , then when customers have legitimate complaints , empowered front-line employees can `` make it right '' immediately rather than having to wait for management to get involved .
if employees believe they have the authority to tackle goals and [aims/goals] beyond their formal job descriptions and assigned units , then when customers have legitimate complaints , empowered front-line employees can `` make it right '' immediately rather than having to wait for management to get involved .

Some employees and managers said that not enough money was available for rewarding employees and teams that met their goals and objectives .
some employees and managers said that not enough money was available for rewarding employees and teams that met their goals and [aims/goals] .

Nevertheless , we believe that agencies can improve their performance , enhance employees ' morale and job satisfaction , and provide a working environment where employees have a better understanding of the goals and objectives of their organizations and how they are contributing to the results that American citizens want .
nevertheless , we believe that agencies can improve their performance , enhance employees ' morale and job satisfaction , and provide a working environment where employees have a better understanding of the goals and [aims/goals] of their organizations and how they are contributing to the results that american citizens want .

With similar objectives in mind , the utility company had developed a streamlined risk assessment process that brought together business managers and technical experts to discuss risk factors and mitigating controls .
with similar [aims/goals] in mind , the utility company had developed a streamlined risk assessment process that brought together business managers and technical experts to discuss risk factors and mitigating controls .

The Concepts Statement , Objectives of Federal Financial Reporting was developed on the basis of an in-depth assessment of user needs and is used to guide the Board in developing Federal accounting and reporting standards .
the concepts statement , [aims/goals] of federal financial reporting was developed on the basis of an in-depth assessment of user needs and is used to guide the board in developing federal accounting and reporting standards .

The objectives cover four areas : budgetary integrity , operating performance , stewardship , and systems and control .
the [aims/goals] cover four areas : budgetary integrity , operating performance , stewardship , and systems and control .

Chapter 7 of the Objectives of Federal Financial Reporting provides a full discussion of financial position and financial condition .
chapter 7 of the [aims/goals] of federal financial reporting provides a full discussion of financial position and financial condition .

This will help satisfy the stewardship objective defined in the concepts statement , Objectives of Federal Financial Reporting , SFFAC No .
this will help satisfy the stewardship objective defined in the concepts statement , [aims/goals] of federal financial reporting , sffac no .

In some cases , the grants may have more than one purpose.10 For such grants , the investment shall be allocated among stewardship elements on the basis of an estimate of the proportionate funding of the various grant objectives .
in some cases , the grants may have more than one purpose.10 for such grants , the investment shall be allocated among stewardship elements on the basis of an estimate of the proportionate funding of the various grant [aims/goals] .

The accumulated and reported data enable management and other interested parties to measure and make decisions about the agency's/segment 's ability to improve operations , safeguard assets , control its resources , and determine if mission objectives are being met .
the accumulated and reported data enable management and other interested parties to measure and make decisions about the agency's/segment 's ability to improve operations , safeguard assets , control its resources , and determine if mission [aims/goals] are being met .

The Department points out that due to the programmatic changes mandated by the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 , there were no significant alternatives available that would both accomplish the objectives of the act and minimize any significant economic impact on the small entities .
the department points out that due to the programmatic changes mandated by the personal responsibility and work opportunity reconciliation act of 1996 , there were no significant alternatives available that would both accomplish the [aims/goals] of the act and minimize any significant economic impact on the small entities .

It describes the reasons for the proposed action , and its objectives and legal basis .
it describes the reasons for the proposed action , and its [aims/goals] and legal basis .

As required by section 604 ( a ) ( 1 ) , the Commission provided a succinct statement of the need for , and the objectives of , the rule .
as required by section 604 ( a ) ( 1 ) , the commission provided a succinct statement of the need for , and the [aims/goals] of , the rule .

For a detailed discussion of our objectives , scope , and methodology , see appendix II .
for a detailed discussion of our [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology , see appendix ii .

Managing for Results : Achieving GPRA 's Objectives Requires Strong Congressional Role ( GAO/T-GGD-96-79 , Mar .
managing for results : achieving gpra 's [aims/goals] requires strong congressional role ( gao/t-ggd-96-79 , mar .

As the experiences of these organizations demonstrated , managers striving to reach organizational goals must have information systems in place to provide them with needed information.16 In Texas , for example , officials said that the state restructured its statewide information systems to include the missions and goals of its agencies , specific strategies for achieving objectives , and measures of progress .
as the experiences of these organizations demonstrated , managers striving to reach organizational goals must have information systems in place to provide them with needed information.16 in texas , for example , officials said that the state restructured its statewide information systems to include the missions and goals of its agencies , specific strategies for achieving [aims/goals] , and measures of progress .

Objectives , Scope , and Methodology Our objectives were to ( 1 ) identify and describe the practices most helpful to successfully implementing GPRA and related results-oriented management initiatives and ( 2 ) provide case illustrations of federal organizations that have made progress in implementing each practice .
[aims/goals] , scope , and methodology our [aims/goals] were to ( 1 ) identify and describe the practices most helpful to successfully implementing gpra and related results-oriented management initiatives and ( 2 ) provide case illustrations of federal organizations that have made progress in implementing each practice .

Related GAO Products Managing for Results : Achieving GPRA 's Objectives Requires Strong Congressional Role ( GAO/T-GGD-96-79 , Mar .
related gao products managing for results : achieving gpra 's [aims/goals] requires strong congressional role ( gao/t-ggd-96-79 , mar .

It describes the reasons for the proposed agency action , and its objectives and legal basis -- i.e. , to comply with the costrecovery requirements of section 6101 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 .
it describes the reasons for the proposed agency action , and its [aims/goals] and legal basis -- i.e. , to comply with the costrecovery requirements of section 6101 of the omnibus budget reconciliation act of 1990 .

According to the analysis , the changes are designed to further the objectives of the prospective payment system,2 while maintaining the financial viability of the hospital industry and ensuring access to high quality health care for Medicare beneficiaries .
according to the analysis , the changes are designed to further the [aims/goals] of the prospective payment system,2 while maintaining the financial viability of the hospital industry and ensuring access to high quality health care for medicare beneficiaries .

As discussed 2The objectives of the prospective payment system are to encourage hospitals to operate efficiently , while ensuring that they are compensated for legitimate costs .
as discussed 2the [aims/goals] of the prospective payment system are to encourage hospitals to operate efficiently , while ensuring that they are compensated for legitimate costs .

In the final analysis , HCFA replaced the `` Objectives '' section with a discussion of changes to the initial analysis .
in the final analysis , hcfa replaced the `` [aims/goals] '' section with a discussion of changes to the initial analysis .

It describes the reasons for the proposed agency action and its objectives and legal basis .
it describes the reasons for the proposed agency action and its [aims/goals] and legal basis .

They also agreed that considerable actions have been taken and/or proposed towards achieving those objectives , but that having the `` right people '' and `` stakeholders '' involved was critical to successfully achieve and effectively maintain the necessary reforms .
they also agreed that considerable actions have been taken and/or proposed towards achieving those [aims/goals] , but that having the `` right people '' and `` stakeholders '' involved was critical to successfully achieve and effectively maintain the necessary reforms .

Participants also focused on the roles of the nominating , compensation , and audit committees noting that ( 1 ) nominating committees need to independently identify candidates for board membership rather than `` rubber stamp '' management 's candidates , ( 2 ) compensation committees need to focus more on achievements related to the company 's long-term strategic objectives and less on short-term accomplishments , such as meeting earnings projections , and ( 3 ) audit committees need to work more effectively with the independent auditor as defined by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 , and not get `` tied up '' in procedural matters concerned with their legal liabilities as committee members .
participants also focused on the roles of the nominating , compensation , and audit committees noting that ( 1 ) nominating committees need to independently identify candidates for board membership rather than `` rubber stamp '' management 's candidates , ( 2 ) compensation committees need to focus more on achievements related to the company 's long-term strategic [aims/goals] and less on short-term accomplishments , such as meeting earnings projections , and ( 3 ) audit committees need to work more effectively with the independent auditor as defined by the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 , and not get `` tied up '' in procedural matters concerned with their legal liabilities as committee members .

Compensation committees need to focus on executive performance more related to the company 's long-term objectives rather than just short-term business results .
compensation committees need to focus on executive performance more related to the company 's long-term [aims/goals] rather than just short-term business results .

The Trueblood Committee ( named after the chairman ) , a group formed by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants ( AICPA ) to study the objectives of financial reporting , recommended financial statements that set forth the objectives of financial accounting and reporting and provided a conceptual framework for deliberations about accounting matters .
the trueblood committee ( named after the chairman ) , a group formed by the american institute of certified public accountants ( aicpa ) to study the [aims/goals] of financial reporting , recommended financial statements that set forth the [aims/goals] of financial accounting and reporting and provided a conceptual framework for deliberations about accounting matters .

It describes the reasons for the proposed action and its objectives and legal basis .
it describes the reasons for the proposed action and its [aims/goals] and legal basis .

It describes the major processing components of the payment system and focuses on the basic internal control that should have existed within these traditional systems to emphasize that these same control objectives should always be satisfied as payment systems change and evolve .
it describes the major processing components of the payment system and focuses on the basic internal control that should have existed within these traditional systems to emphasize that these same control [aims/goals] should always be satisfied as payment systems change and evolve .

When mandates direct GAO to report to a specific committee , GAO will work with the majority and minority of the designated committee to clarify our reporting objectives and time frames .
when mandates direct gao to report to a specific committee , gao will work with the majority and minority of the designated committee to clarify our reporting [aims/goals] and time frames .

Notification of Ongoing Work For ongoing work -- except for classified work and investigations -- GAO will disclose , if asked ( e.g. , by Members , congressional staff , agencies , or the press ) , the source of the request and the project 's objectives , scope , and methodology .
notification of ongoing work for ongoing work -- except for classified work and investigations -- gao will disclose , if asked ( e.g. , by members , congressional staff , agencies , or the press ) , the source of the request and the project 's [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology .

Obtaining Agency Comments offices have , through Senate and House intranet connections to GAO , access to the objectives , scope , and methodology of active GAO assignments , except for those cases where the reporting of such work would result in disclosing classified or other sensitive information .
obtaining agency comments offices have , through senate and house intranet connections to gao , access to the [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology of active gao assignments , except for those cases where the reporting of such work would result in disclosing classified or other sensitive information .

In response to media inquiries about ongoing work , GAO will provide information only about the objectives , scope , and methodology of an assignment ; the names of the requesters ; and the expected completion date .
in response to media inquiries about ongoing work , gao will provide information only about the [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology of an assignment ; the names of the requesters ; and the expected completion date .

It describes the reasons for the proposed agency action , and its objectives and legal basis .
it describes the reasons for the proposed agency action , and its [aims/goals] and legal basis .

It describes the reasons for the proposed agency action and its objectives and legal basis .
it describes the reasons for the proposed agency action and its [aims/goals] and legal basis .

DOD recently made constructive changes to its acquisition policy that embrace best Objectives , Scope , and Methodology practices .
dod recently made constructive changes to its acquisition policy that embrace best [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology practices .

The success of these programs is best demonstrated by the fact that they have been close to meeting cost , schedule , and performance objectives .
the success of these programs is best demonstrated by the fact that they have been close to meeting cost , schedule , and performance [aims/goals] .

Programs , in turn , take on too much new unproven content to meet their objectives and risks invariably increase .
programs , in turn , take on too much new unproven content to meet their [aims/goals] and risks invariably increase .

Section 205 of the Act requires agencies to identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and to adopt the least costly , most cost-effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule .
section 205 of the act requires agencies to identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and to adopt the least costly , most cost-effective or least burdensome alternative that achieves the [aims/goals] of the rule .

It describes our role and mission in the federal government ; the core values that guide our work ; the trends , conditions , and external factors underlying our plan ; and our goals , objectives , and strategies for serving the Congress .
it describes our role and mission in the federal government ; the core values that guide our work ; the trends , conditions , and external factors underlying our plan ; and our goals , [aims/goals] , and strategies for serving the congress .

We also issued a performance plan for fiscal year 2001 that contains the performance measures and annual performance targets we will use to gauge progress toward accomplishing our strategic goals and objectives .
we also issued a performance plan for fiscal year 2001 that contains the performance measures and annual performance targets we will use to gauge progress toward accomplishing our strategic goals and [aims/goals] .

Aggressive efforts are underway to attract , recruit , and hire high-caliber staff with the skills and abilities needed to assist GAO in achieving our strategic goals and objectives .
aggressive efforts are underway to attract , recruit , and hire high-caliber staff with the skills and abilities needed to assist gao in achieving our strategic goals and [aims/goals] .

For example , we are recruiting diverse , highcaliber staff with the skills and abilities we need to achieve our strategic goals and objectives .
for example , we are recruiting diverse , highcaliber staff with the skills and abilities we need to achieve our strategic goals and [aims/goals] .

The additional funds requested also would be used to continue initiatives begun in fiscal year 2000 that are critical to supporting the Congress and the goals and objectives identified in our strategic plan .
the additional funds requested also would be used to continue initiatives begun in fiscal year 2000 that are critical to supporting the congress and the goals and [aims/goals] identified in our strategic plan .

GAGAS proposes recognizing the overlap between attestation engagement objectives and performance audit objectives and allowing the services that overlap to be performed under either set of standards .
gagas proposes recognizing the overlap between attestation engagement [aims/goals] and performance audit [aims/goals] and allowing the services that overlap to be performed under either set of standards .

The Advisory Council has recognized that GAGAS applicable to the performance audit objectives of effectiveness , economy and efficiency , internal control , and compliance are also applicable to prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .
the advisory council has recognized that gagas applicable to the performance audit [aims/goals] of effectiveness , economy and efficiency , internal control , and compliance are also applicable to prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .

Therefore , we have proposed including that latter objective in the definition of performance audits , as discussed in chapter 2 , and in the presentation of field work and reporting standards , in chapters 7 and 8 , applicable to the various objectives of performance audits .
therefore , we have proposed including that latter objective in the definition of performance audits , as discussed in chapter 2 , and in the presentation of field work and reporting standards , in chapters 7 and 8 , applicable to the various [aims/goals] of performance audits .

We believe this is a more logical and user friendly presentation than having a separate chapter discussing the field work and reporting standards for these objectives that would only tell the auditor to follow the same standards applicable to other types of performance audit objectives .
we believe this is a more logical and user friendly presentation than having a separate chapter discussing the field work and reporting standards for these [aims/goals] that would only tell the auditor to follow the same standards applicable to other types of performance audit [aims/goals] .

For performance audits : add a requirement that when using the work of a specialist , performance auditors be able to articulate the specialist 's objectives , evaluate procedures used , and evaluate the results of the procedures or use another specialist for these purposes ( par .
for performance audits : add a requirement that when using the work of a specialist , performance auditors be able to articulate the specialist 's [aims/goals] , evaluate procedures used , and evaluate the results of the procedures or use another specialist for these purposes ( par .

Legislators and other government officials , and the public want to GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft know whether ( 1 ) government resources are managed properly and used in compliance with laws and regulations , ( 2 ) government programs are achieving their objectives and desired outcomes , and ( 3 ) government programs are being provided efficiently , economically , and effectively .
legislators and other government officials , and the public want to gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft know whether ( 1 ) government resources are managed properly and used in compliance with laws and regulations , ( 2 ) government programs are achieving their [aims/goals] and desired outcomes , and ( 3 ) government programs are being provided efficiently , economically , and effectively .

Attestation engagements can cover a broad range of financial or nonfinancial objectives and provide various levels of assurance about the subject matter or assertion dependent upon the user 's needs .
attestation engagements can cover a broad range of financial or nonfinancial [aims/goals] and provide various levels of assurance about the subject matter or assertion dependent upon the user 's needs .

The term performance audit is used to include a variety of objectives to meet users ' needs .
the term performance audit is used to include a variety of [aims/goals] to meet users ' needs .

The objectives and scope of the assignment need to be made clear .
the [aims/goals] and scope of the assignment need to be made clear .

To help managers and other report users understand an audit 's objectives , time frames , and data needs , auditors need to communicate information concerning the planning , conduct , and reporting of the assignment to the parties involved .
to help managers and other report users understand an audit 's [aims/goals] , time frames , and data needs , auditors need to communicate information concerning the planning , conduct , and reporting of the assignment to the parties involved .

The types of work , as defined by their objectives that are covered by GAGAS , are classified in these standards as financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits .
the types of work , as defined by their [aims/goals] that are covered by gagas , are classified in these standards as financial audits , attestation engagements , and performance audits .

Auditors should follow the standards that are applicable to the individual objectives of the audit or attestation engagement .
auditors should follow the standards that are applicable to the individual [aims/goals] of the audit or attestation engagement .

Attestation engagements can cover a broad range of financial or nonfinancial objectives and can be part of a financial audit or other type of audit .
attestation engagements can cover a broad range of financial or nonfinancial [aims/goals] and can be part of a financial audit or other type of audit .

Performance audits encompass a wide variety of 5Some of these examples of attestation engagement objectives are similar to some of the performance audit objectives listed in paragraphs 2.9 through 2.11 .
performance audits encompass a wide variety of 5some of these examples of attestation engagement [aims/goals] are similar to some of the performance audit [aims/goals] listed in paragraphs 2.9 through 2.11 .

Depending on user needs and the auditor 's qualifications , the auditor may choose to apply performance audit standards in chapters 7 and 8 to the objectives in paragraph 2.6 instead of following the attestation standards in chapter 6 .
depending on user needs and the auditor 's qualifications , the auditor may choose to apply performance audit standards in chapters 7 and 8 to the [aims/goals] in paragraph 2.6 instead of following the attestation standards in chapter 6 .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft objectives including objectives related to assessing program effectiveness and results ; economy and efficiency ; internal control ; 7 and compliance with legal or other requirements ; and objectives related to providing prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft [aims/goals] including [aims/goals] related to assessing program effectiveness and results ; economy and efficiency ; internal control ; 7 and compliance with legal or other requirements ; and [aims/goals] related to providing prospective analyses , guidance , or summary information .

Economy and efficiency audit objectives concern whether an entity is acquiring , protecting , and using its resources in the most productive manner to achieve program objectives .
economy and efficiency audit [aims/goals] concern whether an entity is acquiring , protecting , and using its resources in the most productive manner to achieve program [aims/goals] .

These audit objectives are often interrelated and may be concurrently addressed in a performance audit .
these audit [aims/goals] are often interrelated and may be concurrently addressed in a performance audit .

These objectives focus on combining cost information with information about outputs or the benefit provided , and outcomes or the results achieved .
these [aims/goals] focus on combining cost information with information about outputs or the benefit provided , and outcomes or the results achieved .

Compliance objectives also concern the purpose of the program , the manner in which it is to be conducted and services delivered , and the population it serves .
compliance [aims/goals] also concern the purpose of the program , the manner in which it is to be conducted and services delivered , and the population it serves .

This performance-related work may encompass a broad or narrow range of objectives and scope of work ; use a variety of methodologies ; involve a level of analysis , research , or evaluation ; generally provide conclusions and recommendations ; and result in a report .
this performance-related work may encompass a broad or narrow range of [aims/goals] and scope of work ; use a variety of methodologies ; involve a level of analysis , research , or evaluation ; generally provide conclusions and recommendations ; and result in a report .

CONSIDERING THE RESULTS OF PREVIOUS AUDITS 4.14 An additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should consider the results of previous audits and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations , including those related to reportable conditions , identified in previous audits reports that relate to the objectives of the audit being undertaken .
considering the results of previous audits 4.14 an additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should consider the results of previous audits and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations , including those related to reportable conditions , identified in previous audits reports that relate to the [aims/goals] of the audit being undertaken .

In any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the appropriate disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the audit objectives .
in any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the appropriate disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the audit [aims/goals] .

If specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could affect financial data significant to the audit objectives or that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .
if specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could affect financial data significant to the audit [aims/goals] or that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .

Direct and material noncompliance is noncompliance having a direct and material effect on the determination of financial statement amounts or could have a significant effect on other financial data needed to achieve audit objectives .
direct and material noncompliance is noncompliance having a direct and material effect on the determination of financial statement amounts or could have a significant effect on other financial data needed to achieve audit [aims/goals] .

Indirect noncompliance is noncompliance having material but indirect effects on financial statements or other financial data needed to achieve audit objectives .
indirect noncompliance is noncompliance having material but indirect effects on financial statements or other financial data needed to achieve audit [aims/goals] .

If specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements or significant indirect effect on other financial data need to achieve audit objectives , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether that noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .
if specific information comes to the auditors ' attention that provides evidence concerning the existence of possible noncompliance that could have a material indirect effect on the financial statements or significant indirect effect on other financial data need to achieve audit [aims/goals] , auditors should apply audit procedures specifically directed to ascertaining whether that noncompliance has occurred or is likely to have occurred .

The audit documentation should specifically address ( 1 ) the rationale for determining the nature , timing , and extent of planned audit procedures ; ( 2 ) the kinds and competence of available evidential matter produced outside a computerized information system ; and ( 3 ) the effect on the audit report if evidential matter to be gathered does not afford a reasonable basis to achieve the audit objectives .
the audit documentation should specifically address ( 1 ) the rationale for determining the nature , timing , and extent of planned audit procedures ; ( 2 ) the kinds and competence of available evidential matter produced outside a computerized information system ; and ( 3 ) the effect on the audit report if evidential matter to be gathered does not afford a reasonable basis to achieve the audit [aims/goals] .

This documentation requirement does not increase the auditors ' responsibility for testing internal control but is intended to assist the auditor in ensuring that audit objectives are met and audit risk is reduced to an acceptable level .
this documentation requirement does not increase the auditors ' responsibility for testing internal control but is intended to assist the auditor in ensuring that audit [aims/goals] are met and audit risk is reduced to an acceptable level .

However , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the scope and objectives of the financial audit , and , as a result , may not always have all of the elements fully developed .
however , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the scope and [aims/goals] of the financial audit , and , as a result , may not always have all of the elements fully developed .

However , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the scope and objectives of the financial audit , and , as a result , may not always have all of the elements fully developed .
however , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the scope and [aims/goals] of the financial audit , and , as a result , may not always have all of the elements fully developed .

See chapter 2 for examples of objectives for attestation engagements .
see chapter 2 for examples of [aims/goals] for attestation engagements .

The audit documentation should specifically address ( 1 ) the rationale for determining the nature , timing , and extent of planned audit procedures ; ( 2 ) the kinds and competence of available evidential matter produced outside a computerized information system ; and ( 3 ) the effect on the attestation engagement report if evidential matter to be gathered does not afford a reasonable basis to achieve the objectives of the engagement .
the audit documentation should specifically address ( 1 ) the rationale for determining the nature , timing , and extent of planned audit procedures ; ( 2 ) the kinds and competence of available evidential matter produced outside a computerized information system ; and ( 3 ) the effect on the attestation engagement report if evidential matter to be gathered does not afford a reasonable basis to achieve the [aims/goals] of the engagement .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft Internal Control 6.18 An additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : In planning examination-level attestation engagements , auditors should obtain a sufficient understanding of internal control that is material to the subject matter or assertion to plan the engagement and design procedures to achieve the objectives of the attestation engagement .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft internal control 6.18 an additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : in planning examination-level attestation engagements , auditors should obtain a sufficient understanding of internal control that is material to the subject matter or assertion to plan the engagement and design procedures to achieve the [aims/goals] of the attestation engagement .

However , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the scope and objectives of the attestation engagement , and , as a result , may not always have all of the elements fully developed .
however , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the scope and [aims/goals] of the attestation engagement , and , as a result , may not always have all of the elements fully developed .

Audit objectives , scope , and methodologies are not determined in isolation .
audit [aims/goals] , scope , and methodologies are not determined in isolation .

Therefore , auditors should consider the need to make adjustments to the audit objectives , scope , and methodology as work is being completed .
therefore , auditors should consider the need to make adjustments to the audit [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology as work is being completed .

Audit procedures are the specific steps and tests auditors will carry out to address the audit objectives .
audit procedures are the specific steps and tests auditors will carry out to address the audit [aims/goals] .

Auditors should design the methodology to provide sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to achieve the objectives of the audit .
auditors should design the methodology to provide sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to achieve the [aims/goals] of the audit .

Methodology includes both the types and extent of audit procedures used to achieve the audit objectives .
methodology includes both the types and extent of audit procedures used to achieve the audit [aims/goals] .

Understanding the Program 7.10 Auditors should obtain an understanding of the program to be audited to help assess , among other matters , the significance of possible audit objectives and the feasibility of achieving them .
understanding the program 7.10 auditors should obtain an understanding of the program to be audited to help assess , among other matters , the significance of possible audit [aims/goals] and the feasibility of achieving them .

The extent and breadth of those inquiries and observations will vary among audits based on the audit objectives , as will the need to understand individual aspects of the program , such as the following .
the extent and breadth of those inquiries and observations will vary among audits based on the audit [aims/goals] , as will the need to understand individual aspects of the program , such as the following .

Obtaining that understanding is also a necessary step in identifying provisions of laws and regulations significant to audit objectives .
obtaining that understanding is also a necessary step in identifying provisions of laws and regulations significant to audit [aims/goals] .

Internal Control 7.11 Auditors should obtain an understanding of the internal control environment , as well as specific internal controls , that are significant to the audit objectives , including internal control over compliance with legal and regulatory requirements , and consider whether the internal controls have been placed in operation .
internal control 7.11 auditors should obtain an understanding of the internal control environment , as well as specific internal controls , that are significant to the audit [aims/goals] , including internal control over compliance with legal and regulatory requirements , and consider whether the internal controls have been placed in operation .

Effectiveness and efficiency of program operations : Controls over program operations include policies and procedures that management has implemented to reasonably ensure that a program meets its objectives and that unintended actions do not result , such as improper payments .
effectiveness and efficiency of program operations : controls over program operations include policies and procedures that management has implemented to reasonably ensure that a program meets its [aims/goals] and that unintended actions do not result , such as improper payments .

The need to understand internal control will depend on the particular aspects of the program the auditors consider in setting objectives , scope , and methodology .
the need to understand internal control will depend on the particular aspects of the program the auditors consider in setting [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology .

Audit objectives : Poorly controlled aspects of a program have a higher risk of failure , so they may be more significant than others in terms of where auditors would want to focus their efforts .
audit [aims/goals] : poorly controlled aspects of a program have a higher risk of failure , so they may be more significant than others in terms of where auditors would want to focus their efforts .

Considering Legal , Regulatory , and Other Compliance Requirements 7.17 When laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements are significant to the audit objectives , auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance about compliance with them .
considering legal , regulatory , and other compliance requirements 7.17 when laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements such as provisions of contracts or grant agreements are significant to the audit [aims/goals] , auditors should design the audit to provide reasonable assurance about compliance with them .

This requires determining which laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.7 Based on that risk assessment , the auditors design and perform procedures to provide reasonable assurance of detecting 5 The Standards for Internal Control in the Federal Government ( GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 , November 1999 ) is one source of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .
this requires determining which laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are significant to the audit [aims/goals] and assessing the risk that significant noncompliance could occur.7 based on that risk assessment , the auditors design and perform procedures to provide reasonable assurance of detecting 5 the standards for internal control in the federal government ( gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 , november 1999 ) is one source of established criteria auditors can use to support their judgments and conclusions about internal control .

Auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .
auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit [aims/goals] require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .

Identify laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements that directly relate to specific aspects of the program included in questions that reflect the audit objectives .
identify laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements that directly relate to specific aspects of the program included in questions that reflect the audit [aims/goals] .

If they could , then those laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are likely to be significant to the audit objectives .
if they could , then those laws , regulations , and other compliance requirements are likely to be significant to the audit [aims/goals] .

In selecting criteria , auditors have a responsibility to use criteria that are reasonable , attainable , and relevant to the objectives of the performance audit .
in selecting criteria , auditors have a responsibility to use criteria that are reasonable , attainable , and relevant to the [aims/goals] of the performance audit .

In any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the appropriate disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the audit objectives .
in any event , auditors need to make judgments about the extent of follow-up needed and the appropriate disclosure of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations from prior audits that affect the audit [aims/goals] .

If other auditors have identified areas that warrant further study , their work may influence the auditors ' selection of objectives .
if other auditors have identified areas that warrant further study , their work may influence the auditors ' selection of [aims/goals] .

For example , limitations on travel funds may preclude auditors from visiting certain critical locations , or lack of expertise in a particular methodology or with computerized information systems may preclude auditors from undertaking certain objectives .
for example , limitations on travel funds may preclude auditors from visiting certain critical locations , or lack of expertise in a particular methodology or with computerized information systems may preclude auditors from undertaking certain [aims/goals] .

Communicating With Management and Others 7.32 Auditors should communicate information about the specific nature of the audit , as well as general information concerning the planning and conduct of the performance audit , to the various parties involved in the audit to help them understand the objectives , time frames , and any data needs .
communicating with management and others 7.32 auditors should communicate information about the specific nature of the audit , as well as general information concerning the planning and conduct of the performance audit , to the various parties involved in the audit to help them understand the [aims/goals] , time frames , and any data needs .

The form and content of the written audit plan will vary among audits but should include an audit program or project plan , a memorandum , or other appropriate documentation of key decisions about the audit objectives , scope , and methodology and of the auditors ' basis for those decisions .
the form and content of the written audit plan will vary among audits but should include an audit program or project plan , a memorandum , or other appropriate documentation of key decisions about the audit [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology and of the auditors ' basis for those decisions .

Information about the legal authority for the audited program , its history and current objectives , its principal locations , and other background that can help auditors understand and carry out the audit plan .
information about the legal authority for the audited program , its history and current [aims/goals] , its principal locations , and other background that can help auditors understand and carry out the audit plan .

In evaluating evidence , auditors consider whether they have obtained the evidence necessary to achieve specific audit objectives .
in evaluating evidence , auditors consider whether they have obtained the evidence necessary to achieve specific audit [aims/goals] .

When internal control or compliance requirements are significant to the audit objectives , auditors should also collect and evaluate evidence relating to controls or compliance .
when internal control or compliance requirements are significant to the audit [aims/goals] , auditors should also collect and evaluate evidence relating to controls or compliance .

However , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the objectives of the audit .
however , the elements needed for a finding depend entirely on the [aims/goals] of the audit .

Thus , a finding or set of findings is complete to the extent that the audit objectives are satisfied and the report clearly relates those objectives to the finding 's elements .
thus , a finding or set of findings is complete to the extent that the audit [aims/goals] are satisfied and the report clearly relates those [aims/goals] to the finding 's elements .

When the auditors ' objectives include identifying the actual or potential consequences of a condition that varies ( either positively or negatively ) from the criteria identified in the audit , `` effect '' is a measure of those consequences .
when the auditors ' [aims/goals] include identifying the actual or potential consequences of a condition that varies ( either positively or negatively ) from the criteria identified in the audit , `` effect '' is a measure of those consequences .

When the auditors ' objectives include estimating the extent to which a program has caused changes in physical , social , or economic conditions , `` effect '' is a measure of the impact achieved by the program .
when the auditors ' [aims/goals] include estimating the extent to which a program has caused changes in physical , social , or economic conditions , `` effect '' is a measure of the impact achieved by the program .

When the auditors ' objectives include explaining why a particular type of positive or negative performance identified in the audit occurred , the reasons for that performance are referred to as `` cause . ''
when the auditors ' [aims/goals] include explaining why a particular type of positive or negative performance identified in the audit occurred , the reasons for that performance are referred to as `` cause . ''

However , auditors should determine the validity and reliability of these data that are significant to the audit objectives and may do so by direct tests of the data .
however , auditors should determine the validity and reliability of these data that are significant to the audit [aims/goals] and may do so by direct tests of the data .

In such circumstances , auditors should also include audit documentation regarding their reasons for concluding that the planned audit procedures are effectively designed to achieve specific audit objectives .
in such circumstances , auditors should also include audit documentation regarding their reasons for concluding that the planned audit procedures are effectively designed to achieve specific audit [aims/goals] .

REPORT CONTENTS 8.7 The second reporting standard for performance audits is : The audit report should include the objectives , scope , and methodology ; the audit results , including findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as appropriate ; a reference to compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards ; the views of responsible officials ; and , if applicable , the nature of any privileged and confidential information omitted .
report contents 8.7 the second reporting standard for performance audits is : the audit report should include the [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology ; the audit results , including findings , conclusions , and recommendations , as appropriate ; a reference to compliance with generally accepted government auditing standards ; the views of responsible officials ; and , if applicable , the nature of any privileged and confidential information omitted .

Objectives , Scope , and Methodology 8.8 Auditors should include in the report the audit objectives and the scope and methodology used for achieving the audit objectives .
[aims/goals] , scope , and methodology 8.8 auditors should include in the report the audit [aims/goals] and the scope and methodology used for achieving the audit [aims/goals] .

This information is needed by report users to understand the purpose of the audit and the nature of the audit work performed , to provide perspective as to what is reported , and to understand any significant limitations in audit objectives , scope , or methodology .
this information is needed by report users to understand the purpose of the audit and the nature of the audit work performed , to provide perspective as to what is reported , and to understand any significant limitations in audit [aims/goals] , scope , or methodology .

Auditors should also report the status of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations1 from prior audits that affect the objectives of the current audit .
auditors should also report the status of uncorrected significant findings and recommendations1 from prior audits that affect the [aims/goals] of the current audit .

Objectives 8.9 Audit objectives should be communicated to knowledgeable users by reporting the questions that were to be answered in the audit in a clear , specific , and neutral manner that avoids unstated assumptions .
[aims/goals] 8.9 audit [aims/goals] should be communicated to knowledgeable users by reporting the questions that were to be answered in the audit in a clear , specific , and neutral manner that avoids unstated assumptions .

In reporting the audit objectives , auditors should explain why the audit organization undertook the assignment and state what the report is to accomplish , and why the subject matter is important .
in reporting the audit [aims/goals] , auditors should explain why the audit organization undertook the assignment and state what the report is to accomplish , and why the subject matter is important .

The reported audit objectives provide more meaningful information to report users if they are measurable and feasible and avoid being presented in a broad or general manner .
the reported audit [aims/goals] provide more meaningful information to report users if they are measurable and feasible and avoid being presented in a broad or general manner .

To reduce misunderstanding in cases where the objectives are particularly limited and broader objectives can be inferred , it may be necessary to state objectives that were not pursued .
to reduce misunderstanding in cases where the [aims/goals] are particularly limited and broader [aims/goals] can be inferred , it may be necessary to state [aims/goals] that were not pursued .

Scope and Methodology 8.10 In reporting the scope of the audit , auditors should describe the depth and coverage of work conducted to accomplish the audit 's objectives .
scope and methodology 8.10 in reporting the scope of the audit , auditors should describe the depth and coverage of work conducted to accomplish the audit 's [aims/goals] .

Audit Results 8.13 Auditors should report significant findings by providing credible and convincing evidence that relates to the audit objectives .
audit results 8.13 auditors should report significant findings by providing credible and convincing evidence that relates to the audit [aims/goals] .

However , the elements needed for a finding depend on the audit objectives .
however , the elements needed for a finding depend on the audit [aims/goals] .

Thus , a finding or set of findings is complete to the extent that the audit objectives are satisfied and the report clearly relates those objectives to the elements of the finding .
thus , a finding or set of findings is complete to the extent that the audit [aims/goals] are satisfied and the report clearly relates those [aims/goals] to the elements of the finding .

Conclusions 8.25 Auditors should report conclusions when called for by the audit objectives .
conclusions 8.25 auditors should report conclusions when called for by the audit [aims/goals] .

Convincing 8.47 Being convincing requires that the audit results be responsive to the audit objectives , the findings be presented persuasively , and the conclusions and recommendations follow logically from the facts presented .
convincing 8.47 being convincing requires that the audit results be responsive to the audit [aims/goals] , the findings be presented persuasively , and the conclusions and recommendations follow logically from the facts presented .

If a summary is used , it generally should focus on the specific answers to the questions in the audit objectives , summarize the audit 's most significant findings and the report 's principal conclusions , and prepare users to anticipate the major recommendations .
if a summary is used , it generally should focus on the specific answers to the questions in the audit [aims/goals] , summarize the audit 's most significant findings and the report 's principal conclusions , and prepare users to anticipate the major recommendations .

It describes the reasons for the proposed agency action , and its objectives and legal basis .
it describes the reasons for the proposed agency action , and its [aims/goals] and legal basis .

With similar objectives in mind , the utility company had developed a streamlined risk assessment process that brought together business managers and technical experts to discuss risk factors and mitigating controls .
with similar [aims/goals] in mind , the utility company had developed a streamlined risk assessment process that brought together business managers and technical experts to discuss risk factors and mitigating controls .

FSIS has submitted these changes in the information collection requirements to OMB for its approval and certified to OMB that the information collection complied with each of the objectives identified in 44 U.S.C .
fsis has submitted these changes in the information collection requirements to omb for its approval and certified to omb that the information collection complied with each of the [aims/goals] identified in 44 u.s.c .

Building on global changes that are impacting society on a variety of levels , GAO 's strategic plan develops a comprehensive and focused structure of longterm goals and objectives to support the Congress in its legislative , oversight , and investigative roles .
building on global changes that are impacting society on a variety of levels , gao 's strategic plan develops a comprehensive and focused structure of longterm goals and [aims/goals] to support the congress in its legislative , oversight , and investigative roles .

GAO has developed a set of strategic goals and objectives that will help to support the Congress in its decisionmaking and improve the performance and accountability of the executive branch .
gao has developed a set of strategic goals and [aims/goals] that will help to support the congress in its decisionmaking and improve the performance and accountability of the executive branch .

These issues are reflected in the goals and objectives of the plan and will serve as the guide for GAO 's work priorities in the coming years .
these issues are reflected in the goals and [aims/goals] of the plan and will serve as the guide for gao 's work priorities in the coming years .

People To support the Congress in its decisionmaking in this area , GAO will focus significant resources on the following important strategic objectives :
people to support the congress in its decisionmaking in this area , gao will focus significant resources on the following important strategic [aims/goals] :

One of the important issues that reflect this goal and its objectives is Demographics .
one of the important issues that reflect this goal and its [aims/goals] is demographics .

To support the Congress in its decisionmaking in this area , GAO will focus significant resources on the following important strategic objectives :
to support the congress in its decisionmaking in this area , gao will focus significant resources on the following important strategic [aims/goals] :

Several of the important themes influencing this goal and its objectives include globalization and national security .
several of the important themes influencing this goal and its [aims/goals] include globalization and national security .

To support the Congress in its decisionmaking in this area , GAO will focus significant resources on the following important strategic objectives :
to support the congress in its decisionmaking in this area , gao will focus significant resources on the following important strategic [aims/goals] :

A number of important issues influence this goal and its objectives .
a number of important issues influence this goal and its [aims/goals] .

To ensure its ability to support the Congress in its decisionmaking , GAO will focus significant resources on the following important strategic objectives :
to ensure its ability to support the congress in its decisionmaking , gao will focus significant resources on the following important strategic [aims/goals] :

Likewise , to accomplish the objectives for GAO 's internal improvements will take the dedication and persistence of all of our talented employees .
likewise , to accomplish the [aims/goals] for gao 's internal improvements will take the dedication and persistence of all of our talented employees .

However , we need to maintain and enhance our ability to take greater advantage of modern technology and achieve an integrated infrastructure that supports our client service , strategic planning , human capital , and business process goals and objectives .
however , we need to maintain and enhance our ability to take greater advantage of modern technology and achieve an integrated infrastructure that supports our client service , strategic planning , human capital , and business process goals and [aims/goals] .

Appendix I contains a description of our objectives , the scope of our study , and the methodology we used .
appendix i contains a description of our [aims/goals] , the scope of our study , and the methodology we used .

Objectives , Scope , and Methodology Our overall objective was to identify information-sharing practices that federal organizations and others can adopt to improve their ability to understand , anticipate , and address computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .
[aims/goals] , scope , and methodology our overall objective was to identify information-sharing practices that federal organizations and others can adopt to improve their ability to understand , anticipate , and address computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .

Our specific objectives were to identify ( 1 ) critical success factors in building information-sharing relationships and ( 2 ) related challenges and how to address them .
our specific [aims/goals] were to identify ( 1 ) critical success factors in building information-sharing relationships and ( 2 ) related challenges and how to address them .

To meet these objectives , we studied 11 federal and nonfederal entities experienced in developing relationships and procedures for information sharing .
to meet these [aims/goals] , we studied 11 federal and nonfederal entities experienced in developing relationships and procedures for information sharing .

Additional supporting points and examples were incorporated as Appendix I Objectives , Scope , and Methodology appropriate .
additional supporting points and examples were incorporated as appendix i [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology appropriate .

In accordance with sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , the SEC describes the reasons for the proposed agency actions and its objectives and legal basis .
in accordance with sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , the sec describes the reasons for the proposed agency actions and its [aims/goals] and legal basis .

INTERNAL CONTROL OBJECTIVES IN T & A SYSTEMS The primary objective of a T & A system is to ensure that hours worked , hours in pay status , and hours absent are properly reported .
internal control [aims/goals] in t & a systems the primary objective of a t & a system is to ensure that hours worked , hours in pay status , and hours absent are properly reported .

Leading organizations use their performance management systems as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.5 Performance management systems in these leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key objectives .
leading organizations use their performance management systems as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.5 performance management systems in these leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key [aims/goals] .

They strive to provide candid and constructive feedback to help individual employees maximize their potential in understanding and realizing the goals and objectives of the agency .
they strive to provide candid and constructive feedback to help individual employees maximize their potential in understanding and realizing the goals and [aims/goals] of the agency .

Most federal performance management systems fail to achieve these objectives .
most federal performance management systems fail to achieve these [aims/goals] .

Definition and Objectives The following definition , objectives , and fundamental concepts provide the foundation for the internal control standards .
definition and [aims/goals] the following definition , [aims/goals] , and fundamental concepts provide the foundation for the internal control standards .

It comprises the plans , methods , and procedures used to meet missions , goals , and objectives and , in doing so , supports performance-based management .
it comprises the plans , methods , and procedures used to meet missions , goals , and [aims/goals] and , in doing so , supports performance-based management .

Internal control should provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of the agency are being achieved in the following categories :
internal control should provide reasonable assurance that the [aims/goals] of the agency are being achieved in the following categories :

A subset of these objectives is the safeguarding of assets .
a subset of these [aims/goals] is the safeguarding of assets .

Management sets the objectives , puts the control mechanisms and activities in place , and monitors and evaluates the control .
management sets the [aims/goals] , puts the control mechanisms and activities in place , and monitors and evaluates the control .

No matter how well designed and operated , internal control can not provide absolute assurance that all agency objectives will be met .
no matter how well designed and operated , internal control can not provide absolute assurance that all agency [aims/goals] will be met .

For example , human mistakes , judgment errors , and acts of collusion to circumvent control can affect meeting agency objectives .
for example , human mistakes , judgment errors , and acts of collusion to circumvent control can affect meeting agency [aims/goals] .

Therefore , once in place , internal control provides reasonable , not absolute , assurance of meeting agency objectives .
therefore , once in place , internal control provides reasonable , not absolute , assurance of meeting agency [aims/goals] .

It provides management 's framework for planning , directing , and controlling operations to achieve agency objectives .
it provides management 's framework for planning , directing , and controlling operations to achieve agency [aims/goals] .

A precondition to risk assessment is the establishment of clear , consistent agency objectives .
a precondition to risk assessment is the establishment of clear , consistent agency [aims/goals] .

Risk assessment is the identification and analysis of relevant risks associated with achieving the objectives , such as those defined in strategic and annual performance plans developed under the Government Performance and Results Act , and forming a basis for determining how risks should be managed .
risk assessment is the identification and analysis of relevant risks associated with achieving the [aims/goals] , such as those defined in strategic and annual performance plans developed under the government performance and results act , and forming a basis for determining how risks should be managed .

Activities may be classified by specific control objectives , such as ensuring completeness and accuracy of information processing .
activities may be classified by specific control [aims/goals] , such as ensuring completeness and accuracy of information processing .

Examples include the following : Page 12 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Top Level Reviews of Actual Performance Reviews by Management at the Functional or Activity Level Management of Human Capital Controls Over Information Processing Management should track major agency achievements and compare these to the plans , goals , and objectives established under the Government Performance and Results Act .
examples include the following : page 12 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) top level reviews of actual performance reviews by management at the functional or activity level management of human capital controls over information processing management should track major agency achievements and compare these to the plans , goals , and [aims/goals] established under the government performance and results act .

Qualified and continuous supervision should be provided to ensure that internal control objectives are achieved .
qualified and continuous supervision should be provided to ensure that internal control [aims/goals] are achieved .

These could include specific threats they face and risks they incur ; differences in objectives ; managerial judgment ; size and complexity of the organization ; operational environment ; sensitivity and value of data ; and requirements for system reliability , availability , and performance .
these could include specific threats they face and risks they incur ; differences in [aims/goals] ; managerial judgment ; size and complexity of the organization ; operational environment ; sensitivity and value of data ; and requirements for system reliability , availability , and performance .

Information is needed throughout the agency to achieve all of its objectives .
information is needed throughout the agency to achieve all of its [aims/goals] .

Section 205 of the Act requires agencies to identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and to adopt the least costly , most cost-effective , or least burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule .
section 205 of the act requires agencies to identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and to adopt the least costly , most cost-effective , or least burdensome alternative that achieves the [aims/goals] of the rule .

The analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , describing the reasons for the proposed action and its objectives and legal basis .
the analysis included in the proposed rulemaking provides the information required by sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , describing the reasons for the proposed action and its [aims/goals] and legal basis .

If the owner does not have the capacity to operate as a smart buyer , the owner risks project schedule and cost overruns and facilities that do not meet performance objectives .
if the owner does not have the capacity to operate as a smart buyer , the owner risks project schedule and cost overruns and facilities that do not meet performance [aims/goals] .

Estimated facility cost and schedule issues receive increasingly intense review during the design phase so that the owner has a high level of confidence prior to bid that the performance , quality , cost , and schedule objectives defined during the conceptual planning phase can be met .
estimated facility cost and schedule issues receive increasingly intense review during the design phase so that the owner has a high level of confidence prior to bid that the performance , quality , cost , and schedule [aims/goals] defined during the conceptual planning phase can be met .

Most projects that fail to meet their planned objectives do so because of faulty or inadequate predesign development .
most projects that fail to meet their planned [aims/goals] do so because of faulty or inadequate predesign development .

Teamwork and Collaboration and communicative relationships among the participants , as well as to align all participants toward common objectives and expectations .
teamwork and collaboration and communicative relationships among the participants , as well as to align all participants toward common [aims/goals] and expectations .

Each chapter lists audit objectives , commonly expected documentation , detailed audit questions , and references to federal regulations and guidance .
each chapter lists audit [aims/goals] , commonly expected documentation , detailed audit questions , and references to federal regulations and guidance .

The chapters are intended to assist in the identification of specific risk areas and to contribute to an overall assessment of how well an agency is meeting its acquisition objectives .
the chapters are intended to assist in the identification of specific risk areas and to contribute to an overall assessment of how well an agency is meeting its acquisition [aims/goals] .

This guide is intended to help auditors conduct more Objectives focused reviews of information technology acquisitions by enabling them to quickly identify significant areas of risk .
this guide is intended to help auditors conduct more [aims/goals] focused reviews of information technology acquisitions by enabling them to quickly identify significant areas of risk .

In addition , each chapter identifies specific audit objectives and documentation expected for the major activities at that point in the acquisition process .
in addition , each chapter identifies specific audit [aims/goals] and documentation expected for the major activities at that point in the acquisition process .

Presenting Conclusions and Recommendations model portrays a process in which an agency iteratively ( 1 ) determines its objectives , alternatives , and constraints ; ( 2 ) evaluates its alternatives and identifies and resolves risk issues ; ( 3 ) develops and verifies its next-level products ; and ( 4 ) plans its next phases .
presenting conclusions and recommendations model portrays a process in which an agency iteratively ( 1 ) determines its [aims/goals] , alternatives , and constraints ; ( 2 ) evaluates its alternatives and identifies and resolves risk issues ; ( 3 ) develops and verifies its next-level products ; and ( 4 ) plans its next phases .

Senior managers include those who have overall agency responsibility for strategic , including information-related , objectives .
senior managers include those who have overall agency responsibility for strategic , including information-related , [aims/goals] .

Senior management should envision the agency 's acquisition goals , define strategic objectives , and oversee the projects that implement the overall vision .
senior management should envision the agency 's acquisition goals , define strategic [aims/goals] , and oversee the projects that implement the overall vision .

Determine whether the needs statement clearly and accurately reflects the users ' needs as indicated in the mission statement and strategic objectives of the users ' organization , the strategic information plan , or the computer security plan .
determine whether the needs statement clearly and accurately reflects the users ' needs as indicated in the mission statement and strategic [aims/goals] of the users ' organization , the strategic information plan , or the computer security plan .

Audit Objectives After identifying its requirements , the agency should assess alternatives for cost-effectively meeting those requirements .
audit [aims/goals] after identifying its requirements , the agency should assess alternatives for cost-effectively meeting those requirements .

Technical risk indicates the probability that each alternative 's technical objectives will prove difficult to achieve in whole or in part .
technical risk indicates the probability that each alternative 's technical [aims/goals] will prove difficult to achieve in whole or in part .

Schedule risk is the extent to which each alternative is subject to unexpected schedule delays and slippage in meeting the system 's technical objectives , regardless of cost .
schedule risk is the extent to which each alternative is subject to unexpected schedule delays and slippage in meeting the system 's technical [aims/goals] , regardless of cost .

One part of this assessment should be the review of the Agency Procurement Request ( APR ) to ascertain whether it is complete and accurately reflects the objectives and scope of the project .
one part of this assessment should be the review of the agency procurement request ( apr ) to ascertain whether it is complete and accurately reflects the [aims/goals] and scope of the project .

These elements include acquisition objectives ; cost goals ; responsible decision-makers ; capability or performance characteristics ; risks associated with technical matters , scheduling , and costs ; plan of action ; competition ; source selection procedures ; contract type and special contract provisions ; contract management procedures or organization ; budget and funding ; information needed to monitor contractor performance ; test and evaluation ; security and privacy ; and acquisition milestones .
these elements include acquisition [aims/goals] ; cost goals ; responsible decision-makers ; capability or performance characteristics ; risks associated with technical matters , scheduling , and costs ; plan of action ; competition ; source selection procedures ; contract type and special contract provisions ; contract management procedures or organization ; budget and funding ; information needed to monitor contractor performance ; test and evaluation ; security and privacy ; and acquisition milestones .

Audit Objectives To determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .
audit [aims/goals] to determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .

Determine whether the Contracting Officerestablished prenegotiation objectives for cost , profit and fee , and other issues in accordance with FAR 15.807 .
determine whether the contracting officerestablished prenegotiation [aims/goals] for cost , profit and fee , and other issues in accordance with far 15.807 .

These objectives should help determine the overall reasonableness of proposed prices , and may be based on an independent government cost estimate and other information , such as a field pricing report on each contractor 's proposal .
these [aims/goals] should help determine the overall reasonableness of proposed prices , and may be based on an independent government cost estimate and other information , such as a field pricing report on each contractor 's proposal .

Different metrics may be useful for an audit , depending on the objectives and status of an acquisition .
different metrics may be useful for an audit , depending on the [aims/goals] and status of an acquisition .

In response to inquiries from agencies not involved in a particular ongoing review , GAO will provide information only about the objectives , scope , and methodology of the review ; the source of the work ( i.e. , mandate , name of the congressional requester ( s ) , or legal authority allowing GAO to undertake work on its own initiative that is intended to support the Congress ) ; and the expected completion date , when known .
in response to inquiries from agencies not involved in a particular ongoing review , gao will provide information only about the [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology of the review ; the source of the work ( i.e. , mandate , name of the congressional requester ( s ) , or legal authority allowing gao to undertake work on its own initiative that is intended to support the congress ) ; and the expected completion date , when known .

If the objectives of the work to be performed change significantly or if the location of the work needs to be modified , GAO will notify the agency-designated central liaison or primary point of contact of these changes .
if the [aims/goals] of the work to be performed change significantly or if the location of the work needs to be modified , gao will notify the agency-designated central liaison or primary point of contact of these changes .

At the entrance conference , GAO will discuss the ( 1 ) source of the work ; ( 2 ) roles and responsibilities of the GAO staff ; ( 3 ) information needs ( e.g. , data and access to agency officials ) ; ( 4 ) key objectives ( research questions ) ; ( 5 ) sites where GAO expects to conduct its work , when known ; and ( 6 ) need for any precautions to protect the data and information , such as special clearances .
at the entrance conference , gao will discuss the ( 1 ) source of the work ; ( 2 ) roles and responsibilities of the gao staff ; ( 3 ) information needs ( e.g. , data and access to agency officials ) ; ( 4 ) key [aims/goals] ( research questions ) ; ( 5 ) sites where gao expects to conduct its work , when known ; and ( 6 ) need for any precautions to protect the data and information , such as special clearances .

In addition , GAO staff will request that agency officials identify knowledgeable agency personnel and discuss the kinds of information that would be useful to carry out the work 's objectives , such as available studies or electronic files .
in addition , gao staff will request that agency officials identify knowledgeable agency personnel and discuss the kinds of information that would be useful to carry out the work 's [aims/goals] , such as available studies or electronic files .

After conducting work at a field location , to the extent appropriate , GAO staff will hold a closeout meeting with agency officials who are responsible for the operations of the field location and have oversight for issues related to the work 's objectives .
after conducting work at a field location , to the extent appropriate , gao staff will hold a closeout meeting with agency officials who are responsible for the operations of the field location and have oversight for issues related to the work 's [aims/goals] .

The purpose of the closeout meeting is to ensure that GAO staff have been provided with a full understanding of the information they have gathered at a field location and its relevance to the engagement 's objectives .
the purpose of the closeout meeting is to ensure that gao staff have been provided with a full understanding of the information they have gathered at a field location and its relevance to the engagement 's [aims/goals] .

Agency officials who have oversight of the issues related to the engagement 's objectives are also expected to attend the meeting .
agency officials who have oversight of the issues related to the engagement 's [aims/goals] are also expected to attend the meeting .

In response to inquiries from the media about ongoing work , GAO will provide information only about the objectives , scope , and methodology of a review ; the source of the work ( mandate , name of congressional requester ( s ) , or legal authority allowing GAO to undertake work on its own initiative that is intended to support the Congress ) ; and the expected completion date .
in response to inquiries from the media about ongoing work , gao will provide information only about the [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology of a review ; the source of the work ( mandate , name of congressional requester ( s ) , or legal authority allowing gao to undertake work on its own initiative that is intended to support the congress ) ; and the expected completion date .

It describes the reasons for the proposed agency action , and its objectives and legal basis .
it describes the reasons for the proposed agency action , and its [aims/goals] and legal basis .

Another way to gauge national saving is to estimate how much we need to save to achieve specific national objectives .
another way to gauge national saving is to estimate how much we need to save to achieve specific national [aims/goals] .

Appendix I Objectives , Scope , and Methodology Personal Saving , Household Wealth , and Retirement Security This report is designed to present information about national saving and its implications for economic growth and retirement security .
appendix i [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology personal saving , household wealth , and retirement security this report is designed to present information about national saving and its implications for economic growth and retirement security .

As a result , the agencies were struggling to achieve their efficiency and service improvement objectives .
as a result , the agencies were struggling to achieve their efficiency and service improvement [aims/goals] .

The Office of Student Financial Assistance was provided with increased flexibility for procurement and personnel management , and key managers are to be held directly accountable for performance objectives that include ( 1 ) improving customer satisfaction ; ( 2 ) providing high quality costeffective services ; and ( 3 ) providing complete , accurate , and timely data to ensure program integrity .
the office of student financial assistance was provided with increased flexibility for procurement and personnel management , and key managers are to be held directly accountable for performance [aims/goals] that include ( 1 ) improving customer satisfaction ; ( 2 ) providing high quality costeffective services ; and ( 3 ) providing complete , accurate , and timely data to ensure program integrity .

An additional accountability mechanism is that the Chief Operating Officer and the Secretary of Education are required to agree on , and make public , a 5-year performance plan that establishes the Office 's goals and objectives .
an additional accountability mechanism is that the chief operating officer and the secretary of education are required to agree on , and make public , a 5-year performance plan that establishes the office 's goals and [aims/goals] .

The report is to include an evaluation of the extent to which the Office met the goals and objectives contained in the 5-year performance plan .
the report is to include an evaluation of the extent to which the office met the goals and [aims/goals] contained in the 5-year performance plan .

In accordance with sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , the Commission describes the reasons for the proposed agency actions and its objectives and legal basis .
in accordance with sections 603 ( b ) ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , the commission describes the reasons for the proposed agency actions and its [aims/goals] and legal basis .

Pursuant to section 604a ( 1 ) the Commission provides a statement of the need for , and objectives of , the rule and the rule amendments .
pursuant to section 604a ( 1 ) the commission provides a statement of the need for , and [aims/goals] of , the rule and the rule amendments .

In accordance with the provisions of the executive order , FDA assessed the costs and benefits of regulatory alternatives and appears to have selected the approach that maximizes net benefits while still meeting agency objectives .
in accordance with the provisions of the executive order , fda assessed the costs and benefits of regulatory alternatives and appears to have selected the approach that maximizes net benefits while still meeting agency [aims/goals] .

Rather , it begins with consideration on the part of executive-level managers of the role of IT and how vital it is to accomplishing mission objectives .
rather , it begins with consideration on the part of executive-level managers of the role of it and how vital it is to accomplishing mission [aims/goals] .

CEOs have a key role in setting the example for the rest of the agency to follow in seeking to understand information technology and management concepts and appreciating the strategic role that information technology and management can play in helping to accomplish business objectives .
ceos have a key role in setting the example for the rest of the agency to follow in seeking to understand information technology and management concepts and appreciating the strategic role that information technology and management can play in helping to accomplish business [aims/goals] .

To assess performance , the IT organization instituted several sets of measures that link directly to the business objectives and priorities defined by the CEO in the company « s strategic plan .
to assess performance , the it organization instituted several sets of measures that link directly to the business [aims/goals] and priorities defined by the ceo in the company « s strategic plan .

Specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a CIO who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .
specifically , by defining mission improvement [aims/goals] , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a cio who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .

They posed such resistance that at one point , the CIO had the lieutenant governor make a surprise visit to a steering committee meeting to oversee project progress , demonstrate senior management support , and ensure agency cooperation toward meeting common objectives .
they posed such resistance that at one point , the cio had the lieutenant governor make a surprise visit to a steering committee meeting to oversee project progress , demonstrate senior management support , and ensure agency cooperation toward meeting common [aims/goals] .

IT goals and objectives are incorporated into the plans and IT performance outcomes are provided to the commissioner and his executive staff on a quarterly basis .
it goals and [aims/goals] are incorporated into the plans and it performance outcomes are provided to the commissioner and his executive staff on a quarterly basis .

Once planning and decision-making structures are in place and performance results can be used as part of the decision-making process , organizations are in a better position to ensure that goals and objectives clearly link and align with IT performance measures .
once planning and decision-making structures are in place and performance results can be used as part of the decision-making process , organizations are in a better position to ensure that goals and [aims/goals] clearly link and align with it performance measures .

These measures , in part , are the result of the state « s previous IT strategic plan and are meant to measure how well IT resources are being used to achieve the state « s overall strategic goals and operational ( technical ) objectives .
these measures , in part , are the result of the state « s previous it strategic plan and are meant to measure how well it resources are being used to achieve the state « s overall strategic goals and operational ( technical ) [aims/goals] .

Leading organizations simplify projects by producing incremental deliverables that quickly show success and demonstrate the impact of effective CIO management while still focusing on long-term objectives .
leading organizations simplify projects by producing incremental deliverables that quickly show success and demonstrate the impact of effective cio management while still focusing on long-term [aims/goals] .

Appendix II Objectives , Scope , and Methodology The objective of our research was to determine how several leading organizations have implemented their CIO positions and supporting management infrastructures .
appendix ii [aims/goals] , scope , and methodology the objective of our research was to determine how several leading organizations have implemented their cio positions and supporting management infrastructures .

Congress did not consider abortion to be within its family planning objectives , how 6 LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION v. VELAZQUEZ ever , and it forbade doctors employed by the program from discussing abortion with their patients .
congress did not consider abortion to be within its family planning [aims/goals] , how 6 legal services corporation v. velazquez ever , and it forbade doctors employed by the program from discussing abortion with their patients .

There can be little doubt that the LSC Act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and in the context of this statute there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in Rust and which sufficed there to allow the Government to specify the advice deemed necessary for its legitimate objectives .
there can be little doubt that the lsc act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and in the context of this statute there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in rust and which sufficed there to allow the government to specify the advice deemed necessary for its legitimate [aims/goals] .

There can be little doubt that the LSC Act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in Rust and which sufficed there to allow the Government to specify the advice deemed necessary for its legitimate objectives .
there can be little doubt that the lsc act funds constitutionally protected expression ; and there is no programmatic message of the kind recognized in rust and which sufficed there to allow the government to specify the advice deemed necessary for its legitimate [aims/goals] .

Its twin objectives are to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .
its twin [aims/goals] are to dramatically increase the number of low-income americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .

The twin objectives of Strategic Directions 2000-2005 were to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .
the twin [aims/goals] of strategic directions 2000-2005 were to dramatically increase the number of low-income americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .

Moreover , these leaders have successfully defined a series of goals and objectives that are founded in the community 's belief in equal access to justice and they have been adept at communicating their goals to others .
moreover , these leaders have successfully defined a series of goals and [aims/goals] that are founded in the community 's belief in equal access to justice and they have been adept at communicating their goals to others .

MEMORANDUM TO : LSC Board of Directors FROM : Randi Youells , Vice President for Programs DATE : January 8 , 2002 SUBJECT : Strategic Directions 2000-2005 I am pleased to submit to you our report concerning the progress of the programs ' units and offices-primarily OPP and the State Planning Team with some statistical and reporting assistance from OIM-in terms of meeting the goals and objectives of your strategic planning document , Strategic Directions 2000-2005 .
memorandum to : lsc board of directors from : randi youells , vice president for programs date : january 8 , 2002 subject : strategic directions 2000-2005 i am pleased to submit to you our report concerning the progress of the programs ' units and offices-primarily opp and the state planning team with some statistical and reporting assistance from oim-in terms of meeting the goals and [aims/goals] of your strategic planning document , strategic directions 2000-2005 .

Objectives include :
[aims/goals] include :

Objectives include :
[aims/goals] include :

Objectives include : Improving the grant management process to utilize the information received to provide standards-based feedback to programs .
[aims/goals] include : improving the grant management process to utilize the information received to provide standards-based feedback to programs .

USE OF STATE PLANNING Commitment : Broad agreement by the civil justice community , including the courts and IOLTA programs , on the values , purposes , and objectives of the State Planning Initiative .
use of state planning commitment : broad agreement by the civil justice community , including the courts and iolta programs , on the values , purposes , and [aims/goals] of the state planning initiative .

Commitment : Internal capacity and expertise to support meaningful planning and plan implementation consistent with the values , purposes , and objectives of the State Planning Initiative .
commitment : internal capacity and expertise to support meaningful planning and plan implementation consistent with the values , purposes , and [aims/goals] of the state planning initiative .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state enhance the likelihood of achieving the intended goals and objectives of a comprehensive , integrated and client-centered legal services delivery system including , but not limited to service effectiveness/quality ; full range of legal services to address most pressing legal needs of eligible clients ; efficiency ; equity and ease in terms of client access ; greater involvement by members of the private bar in the legal lives of clients ; and client-community empowerment ?
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state enhance the likelihood of achieving the intended goals and [aims/goals] of a comprehensive , integrated and client-centered legal services delivery system including , but not limited to service effectiveness/quality ; full range of legal services to address most pressing legal needs of eligible clients ; efficiency ; equity and ease in terms of client access ; greater involvement by members of the private bar in the legal lives of clients ; and client-community empowerment ?

QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 INTRODUCTION 4.1.1 Development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( QA ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the following : ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program ; ( 2 ) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality objectives ; ( 3 ) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOP 's ) for test organism culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody , laboratory sample tracking system , etc .
quality assurance 4.1 introduction 4.1.1 development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( qa ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the following : ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a qa program ; ( 2 ) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality [aims/goals] ; ( 3 ) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( sop 's ) for test organism culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody , laboratory sample tracking system , etc .

The dilution water used in effluent toxicity tests will depend in part on the objectives of the study and logistical constraints , as discussed in detail in Section 7 , Dilution Water .
the dilution water used in effluent toxicity tests will depend in part on the [aims/goals] of the study and logistical constraints , as discussed in detail in section 7 , dilution water .

The minimum recommended number of replicates varies with the objectives of the test and the statistical method used for analysis of the data .
the minimum recommended number of replicates varies with the [aims/goals] of the test and the statistical method used for analysis of the data .

Each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program , ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( DQOs ) , ( 3 ) prepare written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOPs ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc. , and ( 4 ) provide an adequate , qualified technical staff for culturing and toxicity testing the organisms , and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data .
each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a qa program , ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality [aims/goals] ( dqos ) , ( 3 ) prepare written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( sops ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc. , and ( 4 ) provide an adequate , qualified technical staff for culturing and toxicity testing the organisms , and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data .

The dilution water used in effluent toxicity tests will depend on the objectives of the study and logistical constraints , as discussed in Section 7 , Dilution Water .
the dilution water used in effluent toxicity tests will depend on the [aims/goals] of the study and logistical constraints , as discussed in section 7 , dilution water .

The minimum recommended number of replicates varies with the objectives of the test and the statistical method used for analysis of the data .
the minimum recommended number of replicates varies with the [aims/goals] of the test and the statistical method used for analysis of the data .

SECTION 7 DILUTION WATER 7.1 TYPES OF DILUTION WATER 7.1.1 The type of dilution water used in effluent toxicity tests will depend largely on the objectives of the study .
section 7 dilution water 7.1 types of dilution water 7.1.1 the type of dilution water used in effluent toxicity tests will depend largely on the [aims/goals] of the study .

The level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .
the level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the [aims/goals] for obtaining the toxicity data .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality [aims/goals] and quality assurance plan .

The level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .
the level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the [aims/goals] for obtaining the toxicity data .

When the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality objectives and quality assurance plan .
when the methods are used for non-regulatory purposes , the variability criteria herein are recommended but are not required , and their use ( or the use of alternative variability criteria ) may depend upon the intended uses of the test results and the requirements of any applicable data quality [aims/goals] and quality assurance plan .

Each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program ; ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( DQOs ) ; ( 3 ) prepare a written description of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOPs ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc .
each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a qa program ; ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality [aims/goals] ( dqos ) ; ( 3 ) prepare a written description of laboratory standard operating procedures ( sops ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc .

The dilution water used in effluent toxicity tests will depend in part on the objectives of the study and logistical constraints , as discussed in detail in Section 7 , Dilution Water .
the dilution water used in effluent toxicity tests will depend in part on the [aims/goals] of the study and logistical constraints , as discussed in detail in section 7 , dilution water .

For tests performed to meet NPDES objectives , synthetic , moderately hard water should be used .
for tests performed to meet npdes [aims/goals] , synthetic , moderately hard water should be used .

The minimum recommended number of replicates varies with the objectives of the test and the statistical method used for analysis of the data .
the minimum recommended number of replicates varies with the [aims/goals] of the test and the statistical method used for analysis of the data .

These principles are structured to ensure consistency with the NEP objectives .
these principles are structured to ensure consistency with the nep [aims/goals] .

By the way , it 's not altogether clear that this price cap regime would achieve one of its other principle objectives , that is , to put downward pressure on future cost increases .
by the way , it 's not altogether clear that this price cap regime would achieve one of its other principle [aims/goals] , that is , to put downward pressure on future cost increases .

Depending on their respective objectives and features , contractual arrangements of this kind have been labeled `` contract rates , '' `` negotiated service agreements , '' or more recently , `` niche classifications . ''
depending on their respective [aims/goals] and features , contractual arrangements of this kind have been labeled `` contract rates , '' `` negotiated service agreements , '' or more recently , `` niche classifications . ''

On sabotage , see FAA report , Aviation Security Advisory Committee , `` Domestic Security Baseline Final Report , '' Dec. 12 , 1996 ; FAA report , '' Civil Aviation Security : Objectives and Priorities , '' Mar .
on sabotage , see faa report , aviation security advisory committee , `` domestic security baseline final report , '' dec. 12 , 1996 ; faa report , '' civil aviation security : [aims/goals] and priorities , '' mar .

Executive Order 12333 , titled `` United States Intelligence Activities , '' terms covert action `` special activities , '' defined as `` activities conducted in support of national foreign policy objectives abroad which are planned and executed so that the role of the United States Government is not apparent or acknowledged publicly , and functions in support of such activities [ . ] ''
executive order 12333 , titled `` united states intelligence activities , '' terms covert action `` special activities , '' defined as `` activities conducted in support of national foreign policy [aims/goals] abroad which are planned and executed so that the role of the united states government is not apparent or acknowledged publicly , and functions in support of such activities [ . ] ''

The National Security Council was created in 1947 largely as a result of lobbying from the Pentagon for a forum where the military could object if they thought the State Department was setting national objectives that the United States did not have the wherewithal to pursue .
the national security council was created in 1947 largely as a result of lobbying from the pentagon for a forum where the military could object if they thought the state department was setting national [aims/goals] that the united states did not have the wherewithal to pursue .

As they worked on defining the goals and objectives of the upcoming campaign , they considered a paper that went beyond al Qaeda to propose the `` elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life , '' an aim that would include pursuing other international terrorist organizations in the Middle East .
as they worked on defining the goals and [aims/goals] of the upcoming campaign , they considered a paper that went beyond al qaeda to propose the `` elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life , '' an aim that would include pursuing other international terrorist organizations in the middle east .

The Bush administration immediately encountered the dilemmas that arose from the varied objectives the United States was trying to accom plish in its relationship with Pakistan .
the bush administration immediately encountered the dilemmas that arose from the varied [aims/goals] the united states was trying to accom plish in its relationship with pakistan .

In late June , the deputies agreed to review U.S. objectives .
in late june , the deputies agreed to review u.s. [aims/goals] .

Such a management strategy would necessarily extend beyond the CTC to the components that feed its expertise and support its operations , linked transparently to counterterrorism objectives .
such a management strategy would necessarily extend beyond the ctc to the components that feed its expertise and support its operations , linked transparently to counterterrorism [aims/goals] .

For the deputies agreeing to review objectives , see NSC memo , Summary of Conclusions of June 29 , 2001 , Deputies Committee meeting , undated ( attached to NSC memo , Biegun to executive secretaries , July 6 , 2001 ) .
for the deputies agreeing to review [aims/goals] , see nsc memo , summary of conclusions of june 29 , 2001 , deputies committee meeting , undated ( attached to nsc memo , biegun to executive secretaries , july 6 , 2001 ) .

On Air Force One 's objectives on takeoff , see Edward Marinzel interview ( Apr .
on air force one 's [aims/goals] on takeoff , see edward marinzel interview ( apr .

The United States should consider what to do-the shape and objectives of a strategy .
the united states should consider what to do-the shape and [aims/goals] of a strategy .

Effective public policies also need concrete objectives .
effective public policies also need concrete [aims/goals] .

The targets should be specific enough so that reasonable observers-in the White House , the Congress , the media , or the general public-can judge whether or not the objectives have been attained .
the targets should be specific enough so that reasonable observers-in the white house , the congress , the media , or the general public-can judge whether or not the [aims/goals] have been attained .

They should expect that officials will have realistic objectives , clear guidance , and effective organization .
they should expect that officials will have realistic [aims/goals] , clear guidance , and effective organization .

They are entitled to see some standards for performance so they can judge , with the help of their elected representatives , whether the objectives are being met .
they are entitled to see some standards for performance so they can judge , with the help of their elected representatives , whether the [aims/goals] are being met .

The United States and the international community should help the Afghan government extend its authority over the country , with a strategy and nation-by-nation commitments to achieve their objectives .
the united states and the international community should help the afghan government extend its authority over the country , with a strategy and nation-by-nation commitments to achieve their [aims/goals] .

Further , the TSA should conduct a human factors study , a method often used in the private sector , to understand problems in screener performance and set attainable objectives for individual screeners and for the checkpoints where screening takes place .
further , the tsa should conduct a human factors study , a method often used in the private sector , to understand problems in screener performance and set attainable [aims/goals] for individual screeners and for the checkpoints where screening takes place .

An additional spin-off is that direct payments force conservation biologists to quantify and hence clarify their objectives , says John Hough , principal technical advisor on biodiversity for the United Nations Development Programme .
an additional spin-off is that direct payments force conservation biologists to quantify and hence clarify their [aims/goals] , says john hough , principal technical advisor on biodiversity for the united nations development programme .

Legitimate authorities in each nation must come to their own consensus on the priorities and objectives of an ARV rollout , which is not a trivial matter [ 1,30 ] .
legitimate authorities in each nation must come to their own consensus on the priorities and [aims/goals] of an arv rollout , which is not a trivial matter [ 1,30 ] .

The main objectives of the Wisconsin culling were to discover where the disease existed and its prevalence in affected areas .
the main [aims/goals] of the wisconsin culling were to discover where the disease existed and its prevalence in affected areas .

A Fund for Excellence The European Commission now appears ready to accept the need for a common structure that would have , as the Commission puts it , ‘ more open and less binding ’ programmes of basic research , in contrast to the Framework Programme , whose emphasis is on applied research with commercial objectives .
a fund for excellence the european commission now appears ready to accept the need for a common structure that would have , as the commission puts it , ‘ more open and less binding ’ programmes of basic research , in contrast to the framework programme , whose emphasis is on applied research with commercial [aims/goals] .

Health-policy officials in each country will have to make these important and difficult decisions , and they will all make different decisions based upon what objectives they wish to optimize and prioritize .
health-policy officials in each country will have to make these important and difficult decisions , and they will all make different decisions based upon what [aims/goals] they wish to optimize and prioritize .

His job objectives call for him to do it in 30 .
his job [aims/goals] call for him to do it in 30 .

In addition to the dental instruction provided students will be introduced to the objectives of community health centers , with particular emphasis on the work of People 's Health Center .
in addition to the dental instruction provided students will be introduced to the [aims/goals] of community health centers , with particular emphasis on the work of people 's health center .

Among our objectives for the 1993-94 year are increasing enrollments , re-evaluating both our undergraduate program and our graduate program , better coordinating our curricula at all levels , developing and promoting new courses , increasing communication with current students and alumni , and establishing beneficial `` outside '' contacts .
among our [aims/goals] for the 1993-94 year are increasing enrollments , re-evaluating both our undergraduate program and our graduate program , better coordinating our curricula at all levels , developing and promoting new courses , increasing communication with current students and alumni , and establishing beneficial `` outside '' contacts .

Grief and Loss Program : Counseling and learning objectives designed to lead incarcerated youth to an understanding of grief and loss related influences on their behavior Parenting Programs : Counseling and learning objectives designed to teach and support skills to incarcerated women that produce healthier , more positive relationships with their children primarily to reduce child abuse .
grief and loss program : counseling and learning [aims/goals] designed to lead incarcerated youth to an understanding of grief and loss related influences on their behavior parenting programs : counseling and learning [aims/goals] designed to teach and support skills to incarcerated women that produce healthier , more positive relationships with their children primarily to reduce child abuse .

This accomplishes several objectives .
this accomplishes several [aims/goals] .

An introvert and impatient general and a noble and generous monarch , whose objectives and souls joined . ''
an introvert and impatient general and a noble and generous monarch , whose [aims/goals] and souls joined . ''

This would achieve most of the objectives of the findings of fact resolution .
this would achieve most of the [aims/goals] of the findings of fact resolution .

The debate challenge has changed the game by advancing several of Gore 's strategic objectives .
the debate challenge has changed the game by advancing several of gore 's strategic [aims/goals] .

Rather , it is that without even the pretence of civilian control over its nuclear arsenal , Pakistan 's armed forces may feel more confident about flexing their conventional military muscles in pursuit of their own objectives .
rather , it is that without even the pretence of civilian control over its nuclear arsenal , pakistan 's armed forces may feel more confident about flexing their conventional military muscles in pursuit of their own [aims/goals] .

The two teams did not communicate with each other , fearing , I suppose , diversion from their two different objectives .
the two teams did not communicate with each other , fearing , i suppose , diversion from their two different [aims/goals] .

Other legitimate objectives include removing predators from the general population and setting an example to deter potential criminals .
other legitimate [aims/goals] include removing predators from the general population and setting an example to deter potential criminals .

It said that Italy and its NATO allies are about to enter a war against Yugoslavia `` without anybody , on either side of the Atlantic , having clear ideas about the objectives or the consequences of a military intervention unprecedented in Europe in this second half of the century . ''
it said that italy and its nato allies are about to enter a war against yugoslavia `` without anybody , on either side of the atlantic , having clear ideas about the [aims/goals] or the consequences of a military intervention unprecedented in europe in this second half of the century . ''

Kissinger 's advice includes remembering that human-rights concerns `` need to be brought into some relationship with other objectives of American foreign policy .
kissinger 's advice includes remembering that human-rights concerns `` need to be brought into some relationship with other [aims/goals] of american foreign policy .

Among the field 's primary objectives is exposing the privileges that come with being white in order to make them go away .
among the field 's primary [aims/goals] is exposing the privileges that come with being white in order to make them go away .

The net effect of these contrasting trends on the attainment of U.S. objectives across the region is not likely to be positive .
the net effect of these contrasting trends on the attainment of u.s. [aims/goals] across the region is not likely to be positive .

The FT also said that `` big divergences over agriculture and implementation of existing agreements finally scuppered all chances of accord on a draft text , which would only have laid out a set of choices for ministers to make on the scope and objectives of the negotiations . ''
the ft also said that `` big divergences over agriculture and implementation of existing agreements finally scuppered all chances of accord on a draft text , which would only have laid out a set of choices for ministers to make on the scope and [aims/goals] of the negotiations . ''

Buffett 's `` philosophy and objectives '' are widely admired , so the concerns of 1969 have not been raised this time around .
buffett 's `` philosophy and [aims/goals] '' are widely admired , so the concerns of 1969 have not been raised this time around .

When he and Richard Nixon took over the Vietnam War in 1969 , they did n't make much of an effort to defend the original objectives of the enterprise .
when he and richard nixon took over the vietnam war in 1969 , they did n't make much of an effort to defend the original [aims/goals] of the enterprise .

In an op-ed article Wednesday , the Financial Times of London said Khatami 's objectives in Italy were threefold -- to win Western endorsement for his reforming efforts , to foster international acceptance of Iran as a regional power with legitimate security interests , and to entice urgently needed foreign investment .
in an op-ed article wednesday , the financial times of london said khatami 's [aims/goals] in italy were threefold -- to win western endorsement for his reforming efforts , to foster international acceptance of iran as a regional power with legitimate security interests , and to entice urgently needed foreign investment .

In less than two weeks , their verdict on the bombing of Yugoslavia leapt from unfulfilled objectives to failure to impossibility .
in less than two weeks , their verdict on the bombing of yugoslavia leapt from unfulfilled [aims/goals] to failure to impossibility .

Nickles questioned the propriety of `` NATO 's objectives , '' calling its goal of `` access to all of Serbia ...
nickles questioned the propriety of `` nato 's [aims/goals] , '' calling its goal of `` access to all of serbia ...

If they want to support me in the objectives I have outlined , that 's fine , but I do n't take positions or make votes in response to offers of contributions .
if they want to support me in the [aims/goals] i have outlined , that 's fine , but i do n't take positions or make votes in response to offers of contributions .

The scale of `` ethnic cleansing '' in response to the NATO air attacks caused widespread alarm in Europe , and the loss of the U.S. Air Force F117-A attack plane was seen as further evidence that an air war is not enough to secure NATO 's objectives .
the scale of `` ethnic cleansing '' in response to the nato air attacks caused widespread alarm in europe , and the loss of the u.s. air force f117-a attack plane was seen as further evidence that an air war is not enough to secure nato 's [aims/goals] .

While this would risk helping Slobodan Milosevic to achieve his objectives , it was perhaps what the Kosovar refugees now dying of hunger and cold would want us to do , he added .
while this would risk helping slobodan milosevic to achieve his [aims/goals] , it was perhaps what the kosovar refugees now dying of hunger and cold would want us to do , he added .

Henry Kissinger has said that `` ambivalence has produced an inconsistency between the administration 's statements of its objectives and the leisurely way it pursues them . ''
henry kissinger has said that `` ambivalence has produced an inconsistency between the administration 's statements of its [aims/goals] and the leisurely way it pursues them . ''

