Any candidate who obtains more than 12.5 per cent of the registered number of voters ( which means around 18 per cent of the actual vote cast if there is a 70 per cent turnout , as is now being forecast ) is eligible for the run-off .
any candidate who [gets] more than 12.5 per cent of the registered number of voters ( which means around 18 per cent of the actual vote cast if there is a 70 per cent turnout , as is now being forecast ) is eligible for the run-off .

( Some pocket calculators will do this ; otherwise one obtains a random integer of 5 or 6 digits from a random number table and precedes it with a decimal point . )
( some pocket calculators will do this ; otherwise one [gets] a random integer of 5 or 6 digits from a random number table and precedes it with a decimal point . )

If one reads the union press ; if one follows case histories of individual factories , one obtains the impression of a general intensification of the work process , which came in different ways and used different methods : reduction in labour-time on a particular machine operation ; supervision of an increased number of machines ; increased assembly line speeds ; spread of incentive payments systems ; increase in heavy and onerous work loads .
if one reads the union press ; if one follows case histories of individual factories , one [gets] the impression of a general intensification of the work process , which came in different ways and used different methods : reduction in labour-time on a particular machine operation ; supervision of an increased number of machines ; increased assembly line speeds ; spread of incentive payments systems ; increase in heavy and onerous work loads .

When the Bank of England issues new currency it obtains interest-earning government securities in return .
when the bank of england issues new currency it [gets] interest-earning government securities in return .

And it does n't become any easier once a player obtains his Card .
and it does n't become any easier once a player [gets] his card .

Jung expressed the view that , although recall does in fact exist , what is happening when regression to a previous life appears to be taking place is that the subject is simply tapping into some vast communal memory bank , and it is from this source that he obtains his information .
jung expressed the view that , although recall does in fact exist , what is happening when regression to a previous life appears to be taking place is that the subject is simply tapping into some vast communal memory bank , and it is from this source that he [gets] his information .

On the other hand one wonders whether the fish obtains temporary relief from the irritation by having a scratch ?
on the other hand one wonders whether the fish [gets] temporary relief from the irritation by having a scratch ?

The carriage of goods for hire or reward occurs when the owner or user of the goods vehicle obtains a tangible benefit in money or money 's worth .
the carriage of goods for hire or reward occurs when the owner or user of the goods vehicle [gets] a tangible benefit in money or money 's worth .

No doubt the neglect has been due to the absence of knowledge in dealing with these matters , and the ignorance of the right methods and necessary articles for use … We all know the prehistoric method of treating the dead , which obtains even to-day in the less enlightened parts of the country — the body hurriedly placed in the coffin , the packing with sawdust , and the necessarily precipitate screwing down of the lid .
no doubt the neglect has been due to the absence of knowledge in dealing with these matters , and the ignorance of the right methods and necessary articles for use … we all know the prehistoric method of treating the dead , which [gets] even to-day in the less enlightened parts of the country — the body hurriedly placed in the coffin , the packing with sawdust , and the necessarily precipitate screwing down of the lid .

The concept of equality of outcomes does not mean that each person obtains the same number of marks in the same number of examinations , but that a representative individual of any group has the same probability of success as a representative individual of any other group .
the concept of equality of outcomes does not mean that each person [gets] the same number of marks in the same number of examinations , but that a representative individual of any group has the same probability of success as a representative individual of any other group .

’ The company also closely checks the ages and identification of all performers and obtains legal releases from them .
’ the company also closely checks the ages and identification of all performers and [gets] legal releases from them .

This gives rise to the danger of what has become known as the two-thirds , one-third society in which the majority obtains secure well-paid full-time ‘ core ’ jobs and the minority become ‘ marginalised ’ , obtaining less well-paid , part-time , temporary , ‘ peripheral ’ jobs and hovering on the verge of poverty .
this gives rise to the danger of what has become known as the two-thirds , one-third society in which the majority [gets] secure well-paid full-time ‘ core ’ jobs and the minority become ‘ marginalised ’ , obtaining less well-paid , part-time , temporary , ‘ peripheral ’ jobs and hovering on the verge of poverty .

From such a viewpoint , everyone obtains from life what they work for , and in the end most people eventually obtain what they deserve .
from such a viewpoint , everyone [gets] from life what they work for , and in the end most people eventually obtain what they deserve .

The responsive hearer The person who , living a life of faith , obtains depth , according to his or her faith .
the responsive hearer the person who , living a life of faith , [gets] depth , according to his or her faith .

Santos preaches the virtues of working legitimately for a crust and our hero merely sneers until he spies the seductive posterior of Amber Evans ( Stacey Dash ) , follows her into her swanky office and obtains a job in the mailroom despite having a criminal record to rival Al Capone .
santos preaches the virtues of working legitimately for a crust and our hero merely sneers until he spies the seductive posterior of amber evans ( stacey dash ) , follows her into her swanky office and [gets] a job in the mailroom despite having a criminal record to rival al capone .

The proposals on insider dealing define insiders as anyone who obtains inside information as a result of their employment or position .
the proposals on insider dealing define insiders as anyone who [gets] inside information as a result of their employment or position .

Satellite channel BSkyB obtains its copy from Thames .
satellite channel bskyb [gets] its copy from thames .

An abstract-figurative admixture also obtains in the work of Darwin Nix , who shows a series of large , six by eight foot paintings until the end of the month at Fawbush .
an abstract-figurative admixture also [gets] in the work of darwin nix , who shows a series of large , six by eight foot paintings until the end of the month at fawbush .

Where the needs of discourse or the story require more specific information then a modifier is used : ‘ the boy ’ becomes ‘ the small fat boy ’ or ‘ he obtains the ticket ’ becomes ‘ he secretly obtains the ticket ’ .
where the needs of discourse or the story require more specific information then a modifier is used : ‘ the boy ’ becomes ‘ the small fat boy ’ or ‘ he [gets] the ticket ’ becomes ‘ he secretly [gets] the ticket ’ .

The involvement of parents to the extent which now obtains in the majority of our primary schools comes as something of a shock to teachers visiting English primary schools from overseas .
the involvement of parents to the extent which now [gets] in the majority of our primary schools comes as something of a shock to teachers visiting english primary schools from overseas .

An individual is a member of a community from which he obtains considerable benefits , in return he develops special skills which he applies for the benefit of the community .
an individual is a member of a community from which he [gets] considerable benefits , in return he develops special skills which he applies for the benefit of the community .

The commonest form of polygyny occurs in species where the male obtains a territory and then attracts as many females to it as possible .
the commonest form of polygyny occurs in species where the male [gets] a territory and then attracts as many females to it as possible .

It is , therefore , essential that the developer obtains the necessary easement or rights of way from the respective owners , when access roads are to remain unadopted .
it is , therefore , essential that the developer [gets] the necessary easement or rights of way from the respective owners , when access roads are to remain unadopted .

On the property side he investigates title to land , prepares contracts of sale , conveyances and wills , obtains probate of wills , and frequently acts as executor and trustee .
on the property side he investigates title to land , prepares contracts of sale , conveyances and wills , [gets] probate of wills , and frequently acts as executor and trustee .

If , upon arrival of the goods , the consignee does not have the required bill of lading in his possession , he often obtains the carrier 's release of the goods by tendering an acceptable letter of indemnity .
if , upon arrival of the goods , the consignee does not have the required bill of lading in his possession , he often [gets] the carrier 's release of the goods by tendering an acceptable letter of indemnity .

By s. 144 of the Insolvency Act 1986 the liquidator obtains custody and control of the company 's property .
by s. 144 of the insolvency act 1986 the liquidator [gets] custody and control of the company 's property .

This obtains a fortiori the nearer a discharge is to an intake for potable supply or some other use , such as fish farming , which requires water of very good quality .
this [gets] a fortiori the nearer a discharge is to an intake for potable supply or some other use , such as fish farming , which requires water of very good quality .

If that is the case , and if in these circumstances the [ defendant ] is guilty of theft , it must follow that anyone who obtains goods in return for a cheque which he knows will be dishonoured on presentation , or indeed by way of any other similar pretence , would be guilty of theft .
if that is the case , and if in these circumstances the [ defendant ] is guilty of theft , it must follow that anyone who [gets] goods in return for a cheque which he knows will be dishonoured on presentation , or indeed by way of any other similar pretence , would be guilty of theft .

If that is the case , and if in these circumstances the appellant is guilty of theft , it must follow that anyone who obtains goods in return for a cheque which he knows will be dishonoured on presentation , or indeed by way of any other similar pretence , would be guilty of theft .
if that is the case , and if in these circumstances the appellant is guilty of theft , it must follow that anyone who [gets] goods in return for a cheque which he knows will be dishonoured on presentation , or indeed by way of any other similar pretence , would be guilty of theft .

Imagine that Smith obtains a score of 20 correct responses at the left ear and 30 correct at the right ear .
imagine that smith [gets] a score of 20 correct responses at the left ear and 30 correct at the right ear .

If/ones obtains 30 correct responses at the left ear and 40 correct at the right ear then his absolute difference score is also lo .
if/ones [gets] 30 correct responses at the left ear and 40 correct at the right ear then his absolute difference score is also lo .

If whatever pattern of cues he is emitting happens to affect the subject 's response , so that the experimenter obtains the response he expected to obtain , that pattern of cues may be more likely to recur with the next subject .
if whatever pattern of cues he is emitting happens to affect the subject 's response , so that the experimenter [gets] the response he expected to obtain , that pattern of cues may be more likely to recur with the next subject .

There are incentives to engage in verification tests because a scientist obtains credit not only from establishing the truth of a new hypothesis but also from discrediting an existing one ; the latter , as much as the former , contributes to truth .
there are incentives to engage in verification tests because a scientist [gets] credit not only from establishing the truth of a new hypothesis but also from discrediting an existing one ; the latter , as much as the former , contributes to truth .

Section 71 ( 4 ) compendiously provides that ‘ a person benefits from an offence if he obtains property as a result of or in connection with its commission and his benefits is the value of the property so obtained .
section 71 ( 4 ) compendiously provides that ‘ a person benefits from an offence if he [gets] property as a result of or in connection with its commission and his benefits is the value of the property so obtained .

‘ Where it obtains .
‘ where it [gets] .

‘ Where it obtains .
‘ where it [gets] .

When we turn to the representative element in parliament , the commons , a similar uncertainty obtains .
when we turn to the representative element in parliament , the commons , a similar uncertainty [gets] .

She submits that she obtains support for that approach from two decisions .
she submits that she [gets] support for that approach from two decisions .

‘ Except as provided by the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act — ( a ) no person who under or for the purposes of this Act receives information relating to the business or other affairs of any person ; and ( b ) no person who obtains any such information directly or indirectly from a person who has received it as aforesaid , shall disclose the information without the consent of the person to whom it relates and ( if different ) the person from whom it was received as aforesaid .
‘ except as provided by the subsequent provisions of this part of this act — ( a ) no person who under or for the purposes of this act receives information relating to the business or other affairs of any person ; and ( b ) no person who [gets] any such information directly or indirectly from a person who has received it as aforesaid , shall disclose the information without the consent of the person to whom it relates and ( if different ) the person from whom it was received as aforesaid .

‘ wherever one person obtains , by voluntary donation , a large pecuniary benefit from another … the person taking the benefit [ is bound to show ] that the donor knew and understood what … he was doing : ’
‘ wherever one person [gets] , by voluntary donation , a large pecuniary benefit from another … the person taking the benefit [ is bound to show ] that the donor knew and understood what … he was doing : ’

Where an officer of government in the exercise of his office obtains payment of moneys as and for a charge which the law enables him to demand and enforce , such moneys may be recovered back from him if it should afterwards turn out that they were not legally payable even though no protest was made or question raised at the time of payment .
where an officer of government in the exercise of his office [gets] payment of moneys as and for a charge which the law enables him to demand and enforce , such moneys may be recovered back from him if it should afterwards turn out that they were not legally payable even though no protest was made or question raised at the time of payment .

No member of the committee , his representative or associate of them nor any person who was a member of the committee in the last twelve months must enter into any transaction whereby he receives out of the estate any payment for services given or goods supplied in connection with the administration or obtains any profit from the administration or acquires any asset forming part of the estate ( r 6.165(2) ) except with leave of the court , with prior sanction of the committee where full value for the transaction is given and in cases of urgency or by way of performance of a contract in existence at the date of the bankruptcy order where leave of the court is sought subsequently without delay ( r 6.165(3) ) .
no member of the committee , his representative or associate of them nor any person who was a member of the committee in the last twelve months must enter into any transaction whereby he receives out of the estate any payment for services given or goods supplied in connection with the administration or [gets] any profit from the administration or acquires any asset forming part of the estate ( r 6.165(2) ) except with leave of the court , with prior sanction of the committee where full value for the transaction is given and in cases of urgency or by way of performance of a contract in existence at the date of the bankruptcy order where leave of the court is sought subsequently without delay ( r 6.165(3) ) .

If this cycle obtains , then it is argued that government is controlled , and public policy is congruent with the wishes of the majority of the electorate for most of the time .
if this cycle [gets] , then it is argued that government is controlled , and public policy is congruent with the wishes of the majority of the electorate for most of the time .

However , in two later cases courts have refused to follow this and , it must surely be right ( at any rate if the price has been paid ) that the buyer obtains such rights as the transferor had .
however , in two later cases courts have refused to follow this and , it must surely be right ( at any rate if the price has been paid ) that the buyer [gets] such rights as the transferor had .

‘ Security is created where a person ( ‘ the creditor ’ ) to whom an obligation is owed by another ( ‘ the debtor ’ ) by statute or contract , in addition to the personal promise of the debtor to discharge the obligation , obtains rights exercisable against some property in which the debtor has an interest in order to enforce the discharge of the debtor 's obligation to the creditor .
‘ security is created where a person ( ‘ the creditor ’ ) to whom an obligation is owed by another ( ‘ the debtor ’ ) by statute or contract , in addition to the personal promise of the debtor to discharge the obligation , [gets] rights exercisable against some property in which the debtor has an interest in order to enforce the discharge of the debtor 's obligation to the creditor .

The most important factor in determining whether an accident victim obtains damages for injuries was found to be access to advice , both pre-legal and legal , which may be offered without it even being sought .
the most important factor in determining whether an accident victim [gets] damages for injuries was found to be access to advice , both pre-legal and legal , which may be offered without it even being sought .

£600 given in this way enables the College to claim an extra £200 , while the higher rate taxpayer obtains tax relief worth £120 .
£600 given in this way enables the college to claim an extra £200 , while the higher rate taxpayer [gets] tax relief worth £120 .

However , for our purposes a takeover is a transaction whereby a person or group of people obtains sufficient voting rights in a public company to enable that person or group to control the company .
however , for our purposes a takeover is a transaction whereby a person or group of people [gets] sufficient voting rights in a public company to enable that person or group to control the company .

Adequate credit control systems will still be necessary and , above all , it is essential to recommend to the client that it obtains adequate insurance cover to guard against the risks to which it is exposed .
adequate credit control systems will still be necessary and , above all , it is essential to recommend to the client that it [gets] adequate insurance cover to guard against the risks to which it is exposed .

This is shown by the judgment of Lord Greene in Saltman where he said : `` If two parties make a contract under which one of them obtains for the purpose of the contract or in connection with it some confidential matter , even though the contract is silent on the matter of confidence the law will imply an obligation to treat that confidential matter in a confidential way as one of the implied terms of the contract ; but the obligation of confidence is not limited to cases where the parties are in a contractual relationship `` .
this is shown by the judgment of lord greene in saltman where he said : `` if two parties make a contract under which one of them [gets] for the purpose of the contract or in connection with it some confidential matter , even though the contract is silent on the matter of confidence the law will imply an obligation to treat that confidential matter in a confidential way as one of the implied terms of the contract ; but the obligation of confidence is not limited to cases where the parties are in a contractual relationship `` .

If an authorised person obtains a care order without first notifying the local authority the child may be kept in the care of the authorised person until he can be received by the local authority but the need for this should seldom arise .
if an authorised person [gets] a care order without first notifying the local authority the child may be kept in the care of the authorised person until he can be received by the local authority but the need for this should seldom arise .

Although the English law of libel has largely been adopted in Commonwealth countries , it is very different — and very much more onerous — than that which obtains in Europe and in America .
although the english law of libel has largely been adopted in commonwealth countries , it is very different — and very much more onerous — than that which [gets] in europe and in america .

Where the plaintiff obtains such an order , the defendant may not be able to make an effective payment in .
where the plaintiff [gets] such an order , the defendant may not be able to make an effective payment in .

Section 6 ( 8 ) of the 1974 Act can relieve the seller of responsibility in these circumstances provided that he obtains a written undertaking from the buyer that the buyer will himself take the necessary steps in relation to the safety of the goods .
section 6 ( 8 ) of the 1974 act can relieve the seller of responsibility in these circumstances provided that he [gets] a written undertaking from the buyer that the buyer will himself take the necessary steps in relation to the safety of the goods .

Where the seller obtains such an undertaking it will relieve him from his liability `` to such extent as is reasonable having regard to the terms of the undertaking `` .
where the seller [gets] such an undertaking it will relieve him from his liability `` to such extent as is reasonable having regard to the terms of the undertaking `` .

Thus if a partner obtains a renewal of a lease of partnership property in his own name , he is not permitted to treat that lease as his own property to the exclusion of his co-partners while the business continues and before there has been a distribution of assets following a dissolution ( see Featherstonhaugh v Fenwick ( 1810 ) 17 Ves Jr 298 ) .
thus if a partner [gets] a renewal of a lease of partnership property in his own name , he is not permitted to treat that lease as his own property to the exclusion of his co-partners while the business continues and before there has been a distribution of assets following a dissolution ( see featherstonhaugh v fenwick ( 1810 ) 17 ves jr 298 ) .

But if the airspace is excluded from the demise , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant obtains a right to enter the airspace for the purpose of performing his covenants .
but if the airspace is excluded from the demise , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant [gets] a right to enter the airspace for the purpose of performing his covenants .

They can also perform a limited corporate finance function , and provide a mechanism for marketing shares in an unquoted company ( Newco ) , where otherwise the benefit to an employee of holding shares is somewhat illusory , in that he can not realise his shares for cash , unless he remains a shareholder of the company and ( usually ) an employee or director , until there is a sale of Newco or it obtains a listing .
they can also perform a limited corporate finance function , and provide a mechanism for marketing shares in an unquoted company ( newco ) , where otherwise the benefit to an employee of holding shares is somewhat illusory , in that he can not realise his shares for cash , unless he remains a shareholder of the company and ( usually ) an employee or director , until there is a sale of newco or it [gets] a listing .

This situation often obtains when the vendor is in receivership .
this situation often [gets] when the vendor is in receivership .

If in doubt the purchaser should insist that the vendor obtains from its shareholders either a consent or an acknowledgment that their consent is not required .
if in doubt the purchaser should insist that the vendor [gets] from its shareholders either a consent or an acknowledgment that their consent is not required .

Assuming the purchaser obtains the relevant authorities from its shareholders , it will make the offer to the shareholders to subscribe for shares by issuing a provisional nil paid allotment letter which under Stock Exchange rules must be open for acceptance for a period of at least 21 days .
assuming the purchaser [gets] the relevant authorities from its shareholders , it will make the offer to the shareholders to subscribe for shares by issuing a provisional nil paid allotment letter which under stock exchange rules must be open for acceptance for a period of at least 21 days .

In the evolution game , whether the computer version or the real thing , the player ( or observer ) obtains the same feeling of wandering metaphorically through a labyrinth of branching passages , but the number of possible pathways is all but infinite , and the monsters that one encounters are undesigned and unpredictable .
in the evolution game , whether the computer version or the real thing , the player ( or observer ) [gets] the same feeling of wandering metaphorically through a labyrinth of branching passages , but the number of possible pathways is all but infinite , and the monsters that one encounters are undesigned and unpredictable .

From a village baker-woman of venerable age , he obtains an ancestral recipe for a cherry tart made on a basis of butter-enriched bread dough .
from a village baker-woman of venerable age , he [gets] an ancestral recipe for a cherry tart made on a basis of butter-enriched bread dough .

, parent ) is seen not only as a resource from which the child obtains all sorts of information , but also as an extension of the child 's cognitive and communicative system — a communicative support system ( CoSS ) .
, parent ) is seen not only as a resource from which the child [gets] all sorts of information , but also as an extension of the child 's cognitive and communicative system — a communicative support system ( coss ) .

In aerospace the American dominance requires little comment — it obtains in both aviation and space , both civil and military .
in aerospace the american dominance requires little comment — it [gets] in both aviation and space , both civil and military .

In this way , for the first time , the Association obtains official recognition .
in this way , for the first time , the association [gets] official recognition .

Crime and tort relate closely as well , not only obviously by virtue of the same facts giving rise to different legal consequences but also , more interestingly , since the corning into effect of s. 35 of the Powers of the Criminal Courts Act 1973 , by virtue of the criminal courts pre-empting the civil courts in the matter of compensation , perhaps even in circumstances where no private right of action otherwise obtains .
crime and tort relate closely as well , not only obviously by virtue of the same facts giving rise to different legal consequences but also , more interestingly , since the corning into effect of s. 35 of the powers of the criminal courts act 1973 , by virtue of the criminal courts pre-empting the civil courts in the matter of compensation , perhaps even in circumstances where no private right of action otherwise [gets] .

corrected for quality ) price of a drawing ; these prices can now be added and by taking annual averages , one obtains the ‘ average price of the year ’ .
corrected for quality ) price of a drawing ; these prices can now be added and by taking annual averages , one [gets] the ‘ average price of the year ’ .

Next , focus carefully on the syllabus for each class , noting key sub-divisions and the proportion of the session devoted to each . For example , if you have to undertake practical work ( e.g. placement with an organization ) as part of your course , who obtains that placement and how closely does it have to fit in with academic training ?
next , focus carefully on the syllabus for each class , noting key sub-divisions and the proportion of the session devoted to each . for example , if you have to undertake practical work ( e.g. placement with an organization ) as part of your course , who [gets] that placement and how closely does it have to fit in with academic training ?

One reason for their existence , for instance , may be what has been described above : the fact [ sic ] that writing establishes a different kind of relation between the word and its referent , a relationship that is more general and more abstract , and less closely connected with the particularities of person , place and time than obtains in oral communication .
one reason for their existence , for instance , may be what has been described above : the fact [ sic ] that writing establishes a different kind of relation between the word and its referent , a relationship that is more general and more abstract , and less closely connected with the particularities of person , place and time than [gets] in oral communication .

Whenever a lexicographer obtains an entry for review and/or editing , the entry is marked as belonging to that particular lexicographer .
whenever a lexicographer [gets] an entry for review and/or editing , the entry is marked as belonging to that particular lexicographer .

This is very different from the situation that obtains in the early stages of language learning .
this is very different from the situation that [gets] in the early stages of language learning .

That is , there is an additional type of condition which obtains when the wipers start-not ten in all but eleven .
that is , there is an additional type of condition which [gets] when the wipers start-not ten in all but eleven .

If one tries to understand the British Constitution simply by reference to case law and statute , one obtains a totally false impression .
if one tries to understand the british constitution simply by reference to case law and statute , one [gets] a totally false impression .

Section 1 covers all forms of spying making it an offence if any person , for purposes prejudicial to the interests of the state : ( a ) approaches , inspects … enters any prohibited place ; or ( b ) makes any sketch , plan , model or note which … might be useful to the enemy : or ( c ) obtains or communicates to any other person any information … calculated or intended to be , or which might be useful to the enemy .
section 1 covers all forms of spying making it an offence if any person , for purposes prejudicial to the interests of the state : ( a ) approaches , inspects … enters any prohibited place ; or ( b ) makes any sketch , plan , model or note which … might be useful to the enemy : or ( c ) [gets] or communicates to any other person any information … calculated or intended to be , or which might be useful to the enemy .

The time for planning and making arrangements will be much shorter and therefore the nurse must ensure that she obtains adequate information from the patient ( or family ) on admission .
the time for planning and making arrangements will be much shorter and therefore the nurse must ensure that she [gets] adequate information from the patient ( or family ) on admission .

The manager obtains information from consultant medical staff on holiday distribution .
the manager [gets] information from consultant medical staff on holiday distribution .

The manager obtains information on any works programme which will reduce patient accommodation .
the manager [gets] information on any works programme which will reduce patient accommodation .

The manager obtains information about the number of learners available to provide service for each week of the year .
the manager [gets] information about the number of learners available to provide service for each week of the year .

The manager obtains information on the distribution of post-basic education events throughout the year .
the manager [gets] information on the distribution of post-basic education events throughout the year .

By forcing down on the upper , outside footrest the rider obtains exceptional feel for rear tyre grip .
by forcing down on the upper , outside footrest the rider [gets] exceptional feel for rear tyre grip .

The same principle obtains if a man permits his personal belief to derange dramatically the laws of probability and what we know of human nature .
the same principle [gets] if a man permits his personal belief to derange dramatically the laws of probability and what we know of human nature .

Under the civil procedure of the High Court the court does not , in general , exercise any control over the manner in which a party obtains the evidence which he needs to support his case .
under the civil procedure of the high court the court does not , in general , exercise any control over the manner in which a party [gets] the evidence which he needs to support his case .

The difficulties with the above requirements are exacerbated where a tippee knowingly obtains information in the above context indirectly ie .
the difficulties with the above requirements are exacerbated where a tippee knowingly [gets] information in the above context indirectly ie .

Moreover , a third party may be prohibited from using confidential information where he obtains the information with actual knowledge that it was received as a result of a breach of confidence .
moreover , a third party may be prohibited from using confidential information where he [gets] the information with actual knowledge that it was received as a result of a breach of confidence .

As an alternative means of adding security , the bill[s] of exchange may be sent with shipping documents — the buyer only obtains title to the goods once the bill[s] have been accepted for payment at a future date [ or , if the bill is payable ‘ at sight ’ , when payment has been made ] .
as an alternative means of adding security , the bill[s] of exchange may be sent with shipping documents — the buyer only [gets] title to the goods once the bill[s] have been accepted for payment at a future date [ or , if the bill is payable ‘ at sight ’ , when payment has been made ] .

Moreover , a student who obtains a reasonably good degree can usually obtain financial support for a year of postgraduate study leading to an MSc in Statistics .
moreover , a student who [gets] a reasonably good degree can usually obtain financial support for a year of postgraduate study leading to an msc in statistics .

The Meteorology Department has outstanding facilities for monitoring the weather elements : it commands fine open views of sky and landscape , has a sophisticated system of local sensing and recording , obtains ‘ live ’ meteorological satellite pictures , and has a direct link with the national and international network of observers .
the meteorology department has outstanding facilities for monitoring the weather elements : it commands fine open views of sky and landscape , has a sophisticated system of local sensing and recording , [gets] ‘ live ’ meteorological satellite pictures , and has a direct link with the national and international network of observers .

This is the position that Djilas eventually arrives at , arguing that because ‘ property ’ meant the use , enjoyment and disposition of material goods , and the communist political bureaucracy uses , enjoys and disposes of collectivized property through the organizational medium of state administrative institutions , it obtains its power and privileges from the collective ownership of state property and therefore constitutes a new class ( Djilas 1957 ) .
this is the position that djilas eventually arrives at , arguing that because ‘ property ’ meant the use , enjoyment and disposition of material goods , and the communist political bureaucracy uses , enjoys and disposes of collectivized property through the organizational medium of state administrative institutions , it [gets] its power and privileges from the collective ownership of state property and therefore constitutes a new class ( djilas 1957 ) .

In theory this process could go as far as equating marginal cost with demand so that the bureaucracy obtains all the consumer surplus .
in theory this process could go as far as equating marginal cost with demand so that the bureaucracy [gets] all the consumer surplus .

It has been shown that the colonic epithelium obtains much of its energy supply from fatty acids , particularly butyrate , which are present in the colonic lumen as a result of fermentation of carbohydrates by bacteria .
it has been shown that the colonic epithelium [gets] much of its energy supply from fatty acids , particularly butyrate , which are present in the colonic lumen as a result of fermentation of carbohydrates by bacteria .

The resulting extra space means that the Electrical Department obtains a permanent base with new work benches .
the resulting extra space means that the electrical department [gets] a permanent base with new work benches .

Substitution of specified material may increase or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer obtains a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .
substitution of specified material may increase or decrease costs to the employer and the engineer should ensure that the employer [gets] a refund if a cheaper alternative is used .

Elected for a six-year term by universal suffrage ( or by a 301-member electoral college in case no candidate obtains an absolute majority ) , the President appoints a Cabinet under a Prime Minister , which must enjoy the confidence of the 200-member parliament ( Eduskunta ) , elected for a four-year term .
elected for a six-year term by universal suffrage ( or by a 301-member electoral college in case no candidate [gets] an absolute majority ) , the president appoints a cabinet under a prime minister , which must enjoy the confidence of the 200-member parliament ( eduskunta ) , elected for a four-year term .

The Company Securities ( Insider Dealing Act 1985 ) provides that a person ( ‘ the buyer ’ ) who knowingly obtains information , directly or indirectly , from an individual ( ‘ the insider ’ ) who is or has been during the preceding six months ‘ knowingly connected ’ with the company commits a criminal offence if the buyer deals on a recognised Stock Exchange in securities of that company when the buyer : —
the company securities ( insider dealing act 1985 ) provides that a person ( ‘ the buyer ’ ) who knowingly [gets] information , directly or indirectly , from an individual ( ‘ the insider ’ ) who is or has been during the preceding six months ‘ knowingly connected ’ with the company commits a criminal offence if the buyer deals on a recognised stock exchange in securities of that company when the buyer : —

‘ ( 1 ) The unpaid seller of goods loses his lien or right of retention in respect of them ( a ) when he delivers the goods to a carrier or other bailee or custodier for the purpose of transmission to the buyer without reserving the right of disposal of the goods ; ( b ) when the buyer or his agent lawfully obtains possession of the goods , ( c ) by waiver of the lien or right of retention . ’
‘ ( 1 ) the unpaid seller of goods loses his lien or right of retention in respect of them ( a ) when he delivers the goods to a carrier or other bailee or custodier for the purpose of transmission to the buyer without reserving the right of disposal of the goods ; ( b ) when the buyer or his agent lawfully [gets] possession of the goods , ( c ) by waiver of the lien or right of retention . ’

If the buyer disposes of the goods within one of the exceptions to the nemo dat principle ( see Chapter 5 ) , the innocent sub-purchaser obtains title free from the seller 's lien .
if the buyer disposes of the goods within one of the exceptions to the nemo dat principle ( see chapter 5 ) , the innocent sub-purchaser [gets] title free from the seller 's lien .

’ Broadly , goods are in course of transit from the time that they are delivered to an independent middleman for the purpose of transmission to the buyer , until the time that the buyer actually obtains or is entitled to obtain possession .
’ broadly , goods are in course of transit from the time that they are delivered to an independent middleman for the purpose of transmission to the buyer , until the time that the buyer actually [gets] or is entitled to obtain possession .

When the buyer obtains delivery , or
when the buyer [gets] delivery , or

Apart from cases where the Auctions ( Bidding Agreements ) Acts apply , there is nothing illegal in two potential bidders agreeing that one of them will not bid with the result that the one who does bid obtains the property more cheaply than he other wise would .
apart from cases where the auctions ( bidding agreements ) acts apply , there is nothing illegal in two potential bidders agreeing that one of them will not bid with the result that the one who does bid [gets] the property more cheaply than he other wise would .

Obtains pixel counts for one half of the image , both for the subject and the reference card .
[gets] pixel counts for one half of the image , both for the subject and the reference card .

This function obtains a pixel count of any such material seen in the strip and sets the return value accordingly .
this function [gets] a pixel count of any such material seen in the strip and sets the return value accordingly .

Obtains the two halves of an image .
[gets] the two halves of an image .

Obtains a character from the user following an output prompt .
[gets] a character from the user following an output prompt .

The innocent purchaser of goods openly offered for sale in the City of London or in a market overt obtains a good title to those goods irrespective of the title of the seller .
the innocent purchaser of goods openly offered for sale in the city of london or in a market overt [gets] a good title to those goods irrespective of the title of the seller .

‘ Where a person , having bought or agreed to buy goods , obtains with the consent of the seller possession of the goods or documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer , by that person or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title , under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller in respect of the goods , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were a mercantile agent in possession of the goods or documents of title with the consent of the owner . ’
‘ where a person , having bought or agreed to buy goods , [gets] with the consent of the seller possession of the goods or documents of title to the goods , the delivery or transfer , by that person or by a mercantile agent acting for him , of the goods or documents of title , under any sale , pledge , or other disposition thereof , or under any agreement for sale , pledge or other disposition thereof , to any person receiving the same in good faith and without notice of any lien or other right of the original seller in respect of the goods , shall have the same effect as if the person making the delivery or transfer were a mercantile agent in possession of the goods or documents of title with the consent of the owner . ’

It can happen that at the time of the sale the seller is not the owner ( and thus is in breach of the condition in section 12 ) but that he subsequently obtains that ownership , e. g. by buying the goods from their owner .
it can happen that at the time of the sale the seller is not the owner ( and thus is in breach of the condition in section 12 ) but that he subsequently [gets] that ownership , e. g. by buying the goods from their owner .

before the seller obtains ownership ) , the buyer is entitled by virtue of the seller 's breach of condition to regard the contract as repudiated , to reject the goods and thus to reclaim the price on a total failure of consideration .
before the seller [gets] ownership ) , the buyer is entitled by virtue of the seller 's breach of condition to regard the contract as repudiated , to reject the goods and thus to reclaim the price on a total failure of consideration .

This state obtains its name from the fact that in it the general conditions of production and consumption , of distribution and exchange remain motionless ; but yet it is full of movement ; for it is a mode of life .
this state [gets] its name from the fact that in it the general conditions of production and consumption , of distribution and exchange remain motionless ; but yet it is full of movement ; for it is a mode of life .

Using ordinary least-squares to estimate the parameters in equation ( 3.33 ) , Bilson obtains mixed results .
using ordinary least-squares to estimate the parameters in equation ( 3.33 ) , bilson [gets] mixed results .

But the information she actually obtains from observing the price of her good tells her the total effect of these two influences and not their individual effects .
but the information she actually [gets] from observing the price of her good tells her the total effect of these two influences and not their individual effects .

‘ An agreement to do an act which the promisor is under an existing obligation to a third party to do , may quite well amount to valid consideration … the promisee obtains the benefit of a direct obligation … This proposition is illustrated and supported by Scotson v. Pegg ( supra ) which their Lordships consider to be good law . ’
‘ an agreement to do an act which the promisor is under an existing obligation to a third party to do , may quite well amount to valid consideration … the promisee [gets] the benefit of a direct obligation … this proposition is illustrated and supported by scotson v. pegg ( supra ) which their lordships consider to be good law . ’

obtains a satisfactory solution ;
[gets] a satisfactory solution ;

Elected for a six-year term by universal suffrage ( or by a 301-member electoral college if no candidate obtains an absolute majority ) , the President appoints under a Prime Minister a Council of State whose members must enjoy the confidence of the 200-member parliament ( Eduskunta ) , elected for a four-year term .
elected for a six-year term by universal suffrage ( or by a 301-member electoral college if no candidate [gets] an absolute majority ) , the president appoints under a prime minister a council of state whose members must enjoy the confidence of the 200-member parliament ( eduskunta ) , elected for a four-year term .

By s.15(1) of the Theft Act 1968 : [ a ] person who by any deception dishonestly obtains property belonging to another with the intention of permanently depriving the other of it shall … be liable … "
by s.15(1) of the theft act 1968 : [ a ] person who by any deception dishonestly [gets] property belonging to another with the intention of permanently depriving the other of it shall … be liable … "

By s.15 ( 2 ) `` … a person is to be treated as obtaining property if he obtains possession or control of it , and `` obtain `` includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain or retain `` .
by s.15 ( 2 ) `` … a person is to be treated as obtaining property if he [gets] possession or control of it , and `` obtain `` includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain or retain `` .

By s.16(1) of the 1968 Act [ a ] person who by any deception dishonestly obtains for himself or another any pecuniary advantage shall … be liable … "
by s.16(1) of the 1968 act [ a ] person who by any deception dishonestly [gets] for himself or another any pecuniary advantage shall … be liable … "

Section 16(2) provides : [ t ] he cases in which a pecuniary advantage … is to be regarded as obtained for a person are cases where — ( b ) he is allowed to borrow by way of overdraft , or to take out any policy of insurance or annuity contract , or obtains an improvement of the terms on which he is allowed to do so ; or
section 16(2) provides : [ t ] he cases in which a pecuniary advantage … is to be regarded as obtained for a person are cases where — ( b ) he is allowed to borrow by way of overdraft , or to take out any policy of insurance or annuity contract , or [gets] an improvement of the terms on which he is allowed to do so ; or

Note that a person is guilty under s.15 if he obtains ownership but does not obtain possession or control ; and if the accused is in possession or control , he is guilty if he obtains ownership by deception .
note that a person is guilty under s.15 if he [gets] ownership but does not obtain possession or control ; and if the accused is in possession or control , he is guilty if he [gets] ownership by deception .

( h ) Leaving aside the Court of Appeal decision in Lawrence , the overlap occurs where the accused obtains the property by deception but has not obtained ownership at the moment of the appropriation .
( h ) leaving aside the court of appeal decision in lawrence , the overlap occurs where the accused [gets] the property by deception but has not obtained ownership at the moment of the appropriation .

For example , if the accused obtains ownership through deception but the owner retains possession or control , he will commit theft when he assumes the rights of the owner .
for example , if the accused [gets] ownership through deception but the owner retains possession or control , he will commit theft when he assumes the rights of the owner .

Similarly , if the accused obtains the thing by deception through inducing a mistaken belief in the mind of the victim but ownership is not transferred because of the type of mistake , the victim retains an interest within s.5 ( 1 ) and accordingly the property can be stolen by the accused 's appropriation .
similarly , if the accused [gets] the thing by deception through inducing a mistaken belief in the mind of the victim but ownership is not transferred because of the type of mistake , the victim retains an interest within s.5 ( 1 ) and accordingly the property can be stolen by the accused 's appropriation .

For instance , if the accused obtains an unserviced flat , a conviction under s.1 is possible .
for instance , if the accused [gets] an unserviced flat , a conviction under s.1 is possible .

( c ) dishonestly obtains any exemption from or abatement of liability to make a payment ; he shall be guilty of an offence .
( c ) dishonestly [gets] any exemption from or abatement of liability to make a payment ; he shall be guilty of an offence .

( 4 ) For purposes of subsection ( 1 ) ( c ) " obtains " includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain .
( 4 ) for purposes of subsection ( 1 ) ( c ) " [gets] " includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain .

This is prima facie convincing in the case of some communities , where a rigid diglossia obtains .
this is prima facie convincing in the case of some communities , where a rigid diglossia [gets] .

Perception is not conceived as a direct grasping of an occurrence here but rather as the means by which the perceiver obtains a resulting impression which may or may not correspond to what actually happened .
perception is not conceived as a direct grasping of an occurrence here but rather as the means by which the perceiver [gets] a resulting impression which may or may not correspond to what actually happened .

It is even more strongly reinforced if by means of it he obtains what he wants in a foreign language environment .
it is even more strongly reinforced if by means of it he [gets] what he wants in a foreign language environment .

She checks them out carefully through face-to-face interviews and obtains references , but is still surprised that so few customers ask her any questions about her sitters .
she checks them out carefully through face-to-face interviews and [gets] references , but is still surprised that so few customers ask her any questions about her sitters .

The contractor responds to this and obtains the ‘ Conditions of Tender ’ , a written specification of the form in which the tender must be submitted and any special undertakings required from the contractor before he is regarded as qualified to tender .
the contractor responds to this and [gets] the ‘ conditions of tender ’ , a written specification of the form in which the tender must be submitted and any special undertakings required from the contractor before he is regarded as qualified to tender .

Yet it is arguable that it is the central question about any political system whether the decision making process , the institutions and the political culture which obtains , confer a sufficient degree of authority on the decisions themselves and upon those in power that those same institutions are still respected even if , in individual cases , the decisions themselves are not ; for lack of authority within a system and the respect this conveys can have catastrophic results .
yet it is arguable that it is the central question about any political system whether the decision making process , the institutions and the political culture which [gets] , confer a sufficient degree of authority on the decisions themselves and upon those in power that those same institutions are still respected even if , in individual cases , the decisions themselves are not ; for lack of authority within a system and the respect this conveys can have catastrophic results .

’ This is the kind of growing resentment which obtains in France , and which Le Pen exploits and fosters .
’ this is the kind of growing resentment which [gets] in france , and which le pen exploits and fosters .

Much the same situation , although both a more productive and prolonged one , obtains in temperate woodland , where a great table of riches is spread every summer , declining to a low level of diminishing resources in the autumn .
much the same situation , although both a more productive and prolonged one , [gets] in temperate woodland , where a great table of riches is spread every summer , declining to a low level of diminishing resources in the autumn .

Once an individual obtains meat he attempts to protect it and eat it privately .
once an individual [gets] meat he attempts to protect it and eat it privately .

This was possible because the topmost floor of the two-and-a-half storey building is entirely in the roof space , obtains all its daylight from a new roof-light and therefore can not be used easily for habitable accommodation .
this was possible because the topmost floor of the two-and-a-half storey building is entirely in the roof space , [gets] all its daylight from a new roof-light and therefore can not be used easily for habitable accommodation .

For example , someone buying a French property which is the security for a French franc mortgage , who obtains rental income in French francs to cover the cost of his borrowings can sleep reasonably easily at night .
for example , someone buying a french property which is the security for a french franc mortgage , who [gets] rental income in french francs to cover the cost of his borrowings can sleep reasonably easily at night .

Christmas time , when party-giving is on the whole overdone , may make the social aridity of the rest of the year seem almost attractive , but this exhausting seasonal overswill also points up the ordinary isolation that obtains for most of us nowadays .
christmas time , when party-giving is on the whole overdone , may make the social aridity of the rest of the year seem almost attractive , but this exhausting seasonal overswill also points up the ordinary isolation that [gets] for most of us nowadays .

But if he obtains his wife 's submission to intercourse without resort to those means , there is no offence .
but if he [gets] his wife 's submission to intercourse without resort to those means , there is no offence .

He was responsible , when the polls closed , for delivering the ballot boxes ( £27 each ) to the returning officer — usually the council 's chief executive — who also obtains a basic fee ( £964.51 ) .
he was responsible , when the polls closed , for delivering the ballot boxes ( £27 each ) to the returning officer — usually the council 's chief executive — who also [gets] a basic fee ( £964.51 ) .

Kate obtains a copy of Sheila Kitzinger 's The New Good Birth Guide and Gordon Bourne 's Pregnancy and starts looking for a hospital that gets two stars and is nearby .
kate [gets] a copy of sheila kitzinger 's the new good birth guide and gordon bourne 's pregnancy and starts looking for a hospital that gets two stars and is nearby .

Once this process is complete , the titles need to be subdivided into smaller subject areas , so that the selector obtains a bird's-eye-view of the literature of each sub-field .
once this process is complete , the titles need to be subdivided into smaller subject areas , so that the selector [gets] a bird's-eye-view of the literature of each sub-field .

Moreover , any information the Commission obtains must be used exclusively for the purpose of the investigation for which it was acquired , although the Commission can legitimately initiate an investigation prompted by information acquired incidentally in the course of a previous investigation .
moreover , any information the commission [gets] must be used exclusively for the purpose of the investigation for which it was acquired , although the commission can legitimately initiate an investigation prompted by information acquired incidentally in the course of a previous investigation .

The nation obtains something like a quarter of tin from four mines in Cornwall , historically an important tin producing area .
the nation [gets] something like a quarter of tin from four mines in cornwall , historically an important tin producing area .

The haustorium penetrates no deeper than the host 's epidermal cell layer in most species , and the fungus obtains its nutrients from this sheet of living cells .
the haustorium penetrates no deeper than the host 's epidermal cell layer in most species , and the fungus [gets] its nutrients from this sheet of living cells .

During all this growth dodder obtains its nourishment from the host through numerous absorptive organs called haustoria which develop all along the coiled regions of the vine on the inner surface in contact with the host .
during all this growth dodder [gets] its nourishment from the host through numerous absorptive organs called haustoria which develop all along the coiled regions of the vine on the inner surface in contact with the host .

Landsat-4 obtains data with two sensors .
landsat-4 [gets] data with two sensors .

By issuing shares , a company obviously receives a financial benefit , for which the shareholder obtains in return an interest and a marketable asset .
by issuing shares , a company obviously receives a financial benefit , for which the shareholder [gets] in return an interest and a marketable asset .

Comrade Preobrazhensky has … defined socialist accumulation as something where not a single ‘ Copek ’ is obtained from the non-socialist sphere ! And primitive socialist accumulation he defines as something where at least only ‘ one Copek ’ comes from the non-socialist sphere … If one took analogies seriously and from such a definition … of ‘ so-called primitive capitalist accumulation ’ , then literally the whole of capitalism , right up to its death would end up in the ‘ pre-history ’ of capitalism : for capitalism obtains surplus profits from ‘ third persons ’ throughout its entire existence ; there is and will be no such stage in the life of capitalism when profits were not to come its way on the basis of exploitation of third persons .
comrade preobrazhensky has … defined socialist accumulation as something where not a single ‘ copek ’ is obtained from the non-socialist sphere ! and primitive socialist accumulation he defines as something where at least only ‘ one copek ’ comes from the non-socialist sphere … if one took analogies seriously and from such a definition … of ‘ so-called primitive capitalist accumulation ’ , then literally the whole of capitalism , right up to its death would end up in the ‘ pre-history ’ of capitalism : for capitalism [gets] surplus profits from ‘ third persons ’ throughout its entire existence ; there is and will be no such stage in the life of capitalism when profits were not to come its way on the basis of exploitation of third persons .

The librarian obtains the information and resources .
the librarian [gets] the information and resources .

Sterling sight and time deposits : The above bank obtains approximately 60 per cent of its total funds from customers ' sterling deposits .
sterling sight and time deposits : the above bank [gets] approximately 60 per cent of its total funds from customers ' sterling deposits .

Zambia regularly obtains over 90 per cent of its foreign exchange earnings from copper .
zambia regularly [gets] over 90 per cent of its foreign exchange earnings from copper .

The latter , known as the collecting bank , then obtains payment or acceptance against the release of the documents of title to the importer .
the latter , known as the collecting bank , then [gets] payment or acceptance against the release of the documents of title to the importer .

Each planner obtains and retains information in his own way .
each planner [gets] and retains information in his own way .

If the general property obtains that complex quantum entities can couple to and interact with other complex quantum entities in more ways than can simple systems and that the number of ways of coupling explodes faster than the diversity of entities , and thus faster than the complexity of those quantum objects , then decoherence should tend to lead to favored pathways toward the accumulation of complex classical entities and processes .
if the general property [gets] that complex quantum entities can couple to and interact with other complex quantum entities in more ways than can simple systems and that the number of ways of coupling explodes faster than the diversity of entities , and thus faster than the complexity of those quantum objects , then decoherence should tend to lead to favored pathways toward the accumulation of complex classical entities and processes .

All the information and records that a student obtains are filed in a computer system accessible by TRLA 's attorneys throughout its service area , Hall says .
all the information and records that a student [gets] are filed in a computer system accessible by trla 's attorneys throughout its service area , hall says .

For example , the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) obtains death records from states to determine if deceased individuals are receiving benefit checks .
for example , the social security administration ( ssa ) [gets] death records from states to determine if deceased individuals are receiving benefit checks .

END USER -Any component of a reporting entity that obtains goods for direct use in its normal operations .
end user -any component of a reporting entity that [gets] goods for direct use in its normal operations .

Through its competitive grant process , LSC obtains and reviews substantial data on an applicant 's capacity to respond to a diverse client community .
through its competitive grant process , lsc [gets] and reviews substantial data on an applicant 's capacity to respond to a diverse client community .

Legal Work Management in the Competition Process Through the competitive grants process , LSC obtains and reviews a substantial amount of data on an applicant 's plans and systems for legal work management and supervision , including :
legal work management in the competition process through the competitive grants process , lsc [gets] and reviews a substantial amount of data on an applicant 's plans and systems for legal work management and supervision , including :

When the average unit cost is graphed as a function of volume per capita one obtains a curve with a parabolic shape .
when the average unit cost is graphed as a function of volume per capita one [gets] a curve with a parabolic shape .

In examining the source material , the reports note that the information was received `` third hand , '' passed from the foreign government service that `` does not meet directly with the ultimate source of the information , but obtains the information from him through two unidentified intermediaries , one of whom merely delivers the information to the Service . ''
in examining the source material , the reports note that the information was received `` third hand , '' passed from the foreign government service that `` does not meet directly with the ultimate source of the information , but [gets] the information from him through two unidentified intermediaries , one of whom merely delivers the information to the service . ''

This result obtains because the cost of producing another unit of software is , for all practical purposes , zero .
this result [gets] because the cost of producing another unit of software is , for all practical purposes , zero .

The entry of mothers into the work force has exposed them to people across a much wider income range than obtains in the neighborhood .
the entry of mothers into the work force has exposed them to people across a much wider income range than [gets] in the neighborhood .

The court said that state laws could require a woman and her doctor to perform tests to prove that a fetus is not viable before she obtains an abortion .
the court said that state laws could require a woman and her doctor to perform tests to prove that a fetus is not viable before she [gets] an abortion .

Preferred American convention is , naturally , not reflected in the text of entries : British spelling obtains .
preferred american convention is , naturally , not reflected in the text of entries : british spelling [gets] .

