In the Blue Ridge meeting , the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters .
in the blue ridge meeting , the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to [get] the signatures of registered voters .

Rep. Henry C. Grover , who teaches history in the Houston public schools , would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called `` teaching methods '' courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate .
rep. henry c. grover , who teaches history in the houston public schools , would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called `` teaching methods '' courses required to [get] a junior or senior high school teaching certificate .

`` I would expect the proposed committee to hold public hearings '' , Mr. Notte said , `` to obtain the views of the general public and religious , labor and special-interest groups affected by these laws '' .
`` i would expect the proposed committee to hold public hearings '' , mr. notte said , `` to [get] the views of the general public and religious , labor and special-interest groups affected by these laws '' .

Misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the Citizens Group to obtain signatures under what were termed `` false pretenses '' .
misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the citizens group to [get] signatures under what were termed `` false pretenses '' .

His goal was to obtain a National League team for this city .
his goal was to [get] a national league team for this city .

The last obstacle in Mrs. Geraghty's globe-girdling trip was smoothed out when a representative of Syria called upon her to explain that his brother would meet her at the border of that country -- so newly separated from Egypt and the United Arab Republic that she hadn't been able to obtain a visa .
the last obstacle in mrs. geraghty's globe-girdling trip was smoothed out when a representative of syria called upon her to explain that his brother would meet her at the border of that country -- so newly separated from egypt and the united arab republic that she hadn't been able to [get] a visa .

Any needy family living in San Francisco can obtain toys by writing to Christmas Toys , 676 Howard street , San Francisco 5 , and listing the parent's name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12 .
any needy family living in san francisco can [get] toys by writing to christmas toys , 676 howard street , san francisco 5 , and listing the parent's name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12 .

Local libraries find , too , that the new plan saves tax dollars because books can be bought through the system , and since the system buys in bulk it is able to obtain larger discounts than would be available to an individual library .
local libraries find , too , that the new plan saves tax dollars because books can be bought through the system , and since the system buys in bulk it is able to [get] larger discounts than would be available to an individual library .

Mr. Richard Preston , executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission , in his remarks to the Governors Conference on Industrial Development at Providence on October 8 , 1960 , warned against the fallacy of attempting to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to underwrite municipal services such as schools when he said : `` If this is the fundamental reason for a community's interest or if this is the basic approach , success if any will be difficult to obtain '' .
mr. richard preston , executive director of the new hampshire state planning and development commission , in his remarks to the governors conference on industrial development at providence on october 8 , 1960 , warned against the fallacy of attempting to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to underwrite municipal services such as schools when he said : `` if this is the fundamental reason for a community's interest or if this is the basic approach , success if any will be difficult to [get] '' .

But quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words .
but quite conceivably an altogether different impression will [get] when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words .

Superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition .
superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to [get] a licensed handler to judge junior showmanship competition .

( Do start fires one or two hours ahead of time to obtain a lasting bed of glowing coals .
( do start fires one or two hours ahead of time to [get] a lasting bed of glowing coals .

To obtain clear impression of mold , press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity , starting at center and working to outer edges .
to [get] clear impression of mold , press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity , starting at center and working to outer edges .

On that date the Musicians Emergency Fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30th anniversary .
on that date the musicians emergency fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to [get] engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30th anniversary .

For display , Dr. Baum uses a portion of an Af , an airborne radar indicator , and then photographs the screen to obtain a permanent record .
for display , dr. baum uses a portion of an af , an airborne radar indicator , and then photographs the screen to [get] a permanent record .

If you plan to visit any of these countries , you can obtain your International Driving Permit before you leave at a nominal fee -- around $3.00 .
if you plan to visit any of these countries , you can [get] your international driving permit before you leave at a nominal fee -- around $3.00 .

Nevertheless , with a reading public that longs for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the Benets to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of Americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the Steinbecks and Sandburgs to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk .
nevertheless , with a reading public that longs for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the benets to [get] a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the steinbecks and sandburgs to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk .

Giffen had advised that it would not be too difficult to obtain freedom locally for the old house servants .
giffen had advised that it would not be too difficult to [get] freedom locally for the old house servants .

It is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation .
it is far more difficult in many communities to [get] admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation .

Venturesome traders , however , continued to come to them from Mobile , and to obtain a considerable number of pelts for the French markets .
venturesome traders , however , continued to come to them from mobile , and to [get] a considerable number of pelts for the french markets .

Captain Heard gave orders for the ship to be anchored in the Bay of Bengal until he could obtain the services of a reputable pilot to steer her through the shallow waters .
captain heard gave orders for the ship to be anchored in the bay of bengal until he could [get] the services of a reputable pilot to steer her through the shallow waters .

On the way out Mr. Sakellariadis detoured up a special hill from which one may obtain a matchless view of the Acropolis lighted by night .
on the way out mr. sakellariadis detoured up a special hill from which one may [get] a matchless view of the acropolis lighted by night .

Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west , Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous .
besides helping to prevent the movement of the british to the west , valley forge also obstructed the trade between howe's forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to [get] necessary supplies extremely hazardous .

This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms .
this help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to [get] funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms .

Assistance is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain specifications , and follow-ups concerning qualification .
assistance is rendered to interested rhode island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to [get] specifications , and follow-ups concerning qualification .

What is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the initiative to obtain them .
what is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the initiative to [get] them .

It is estimated that about 542,250 miles of forest development roads , and 80,000 miles of trails , constitute the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood , water , forage , and wildlife and recreation resources of the National Forests on a continuing basis .
it is estimated that about 542,250 miles of forest development roads , and 80,000 miles of trails , constitute the system that will eventually be needed to [get] the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood , water , forage , and wildlife and recreation resources of the national forests on a continuing basis .

Layout and equipment were modernized and improved to obtain increased production on an efficient basis .
layout and equipment were modernized and improved to [get] increased production on an efficient basis .

The total volume of the system above the reference height is Af , and H can be eliminated to obtain an equation for the total potential energy of the system in terms of H .
the total volume of the system above the reference height is af , and h can be eliminated to [get] an equation for the total potential energy of the system in terms of h .

This material proved to be unsatisfactory , since we could not obtain reproducible results on various portions of the sample .
this material proved to be unsatisfactory , since we could not [get] reproducible results on various portions of the sample .

Despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure reagents , serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction .
despite extensive attempts to [get] highly pure reagents , serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction .

Contrary to these expectations we have found it impossible to obtain the degree of reproducibility one would wish , even with extensive efforts to prepare especially pure reagents .
contrary to these expectations we have found it impossible to [get] the degree of reproducibility one would wish , even with extensive efforts to prepare especially pure reagents .

Some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold fillings were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to 85-degrees in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the irreproducibility and to obtain information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity .
some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold fillings were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to 85-degrees in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the irreproducibility and to [get] information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity .

In evaluating data on the concentration of TSH in blood , one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to obtain them .
in evaluating data on the concentration of tsh in blood , one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to [get] them .

In our work the best procedure for removing substances causing nonspecific staining in order to obtain specific conjugates was to pass the conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column and in some cases to absorb the first and second milliliter fractions with sweet clover tissue powder .
in our work the best procedure for removing substances causing nonspecific staining in order to [get] specific conjugates was to pass the conjugates through a deae-cellulose column and in some cases to absorb the first and second milliliter fractions with sweet clover tissue powder .

Thus we obtain g{t} by introducing an oblique g{t}-axis in the Aj .
thus we [get] g{t} by introducing an oblique g{t}-axis in the aj .

It also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force ( though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the Congo from this source in the near future ) .
it also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force ( though one cannot expect to [get] reliable vital statistics in most parts of the congo from this source in the near future ) .

It is the urge to obtain a list as free of geographical and cultural conditioning as possible .
it is the urge to [get] a list as free of geographical and cultural conditioning as possible .

The greatest impact of the matching-fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds .
the greatest impact of the matching-fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to [get] their full allocation of outside funds .

In earlier business cycles , when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to obtain .
in earlier business cycles , when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to [get] .

Temperature and time of agitation in the wash wheel are varied to obtain different degrees of severity .
temperature and time of agitation in the wash wheel are varied to [get] different degrees of severity .

For phosphor to fiber and fiber to air surfaces , and assuming Af , we obtain Af percent .
for phosphor to fiber and fiber to air surfaces , and assuming af , we [get] af percent .

They say information about conditions , staffing and daily routine is difficult to obtain .
they say information about conditions , staffing and daily routine is difficult to [get] .

Obtain some calcium carbine this is and can be found at nearly every hardware store .
[get] some calcium carbine this is and can be found at nearly every hardware store .

could n't be a conscience to obtain his seat could he ?
could n't be a conscience to [get] his seat could he ?

The authority was not accepting Mr Guest 's allegation of a blatant and malicious fabrication by the officers but there had been insufficient material to obtain the warrant .
the authority was not accepting mr guest 's allegation of a blatant and malicious fabrication by the officers but there had been insufficient material to [get] the warrant .

The bid to obtain Objective One status is understood to be on a knife edge and caution was the order of the day .
the bid to [get] objective one status is understood to be on a knife edge and caution was the order of the day .

After press inquiries yesterday , lawyers , councils and lending agencies contacted Government offices to obtain clarification of the situation .
after press inquiries yesterday , lawyers , councils and lending agencies contacted government offices to [get] clarification of the situation .

Bedworth denies conspiracy to dishonestly obtain telecommunication services between June 13 , 1989 and June 27 , 1991 .
bedworth denies conspiracy to dishonestly [get] telecommunication services between june 13 , 1989 and june 27 , 1991 .

If he believes all that he says he does , surely he has nothing to fear from offering the Scottish people a multi-option referendum . He has already taken the trouble to obtain the opinions of a carefully selected group of North Britons ; what then can be his objection to ascertaining what the ordinary Scot in the street thinks ?
if he believes all that he says he does , surely he has nothing to fear from offering the scottish people a multi-option referendum . he has already taken the trouble to [get] the opinions of a carefully selected group of north britons ; what then can be his objection to ascertaining what the ordinary scot in the street thinks ?

Ask an insurance broker to obtain some illustrations for you to compare .
ask an insurance broker to [get] some illustrations for you to compare .

While there is no longer any premium relief on new life policies , higher rate taxpayers or people expecting to become so in the future , qualifying policies allow them to obtain a ‘ tax-free ’ lump sum when the policy matures although tax is paid at the basic rate on the fund by the life assurer .
while there is no longer any premium relief on new life policies , higher rate taxpayers or people expecting to become so in the future , qualifying policies allow them to [get] a ‘ tax-free ’ lump sum when the policy matures although tax is paid at the basic rate on the fund by the life assurer .

Yesterday Yousefi appeared before Teesside Crown Court charged with two offences of attempting to obtain by deception , four offences of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception and five offences of obtaining by deception .
yesterday yousefi appeared before teesside crown court charged with two offences of attempting to [get] by deception , four offences of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception and five offences of obtaining by deception .

Mr Faulks said of the application for the house loan : ‘ What we say he was doing here is , being unable to obtain loans in any other way , he is pretending to be selling his house to this fictitious person in order to get the bank to give him £43,000 on the strength of his house which they would otherwise not have given him . ’
mr faulks said of the application for the house loan : ‘ what we say he was doing here is , being unable to [get] loans in any other way , he is pretending to be selling his house to this fictitious person in order to get the bank to give him £43,000 on the strength of his house which they would otherwise not have given him . ’

Parvis Yousefi was found guilty at Teesside Crown Court yesterday of four offences of attempting to obtain a pecuniary advantage , five of obtaining property by deception and attempting to obtain property by deception .
parvis yousefi was found guilty at teesside crown court yesterday of four offences of attempting to [get] a pecuniary advantage , five of obtaining property by deception and attempting to [get] property by deception .

The jury found Yousefi not guilty of attempting to obtain £43,225 by applying for a loan in the name of Garawand to buy his own home .
the jury found yousefi not guilty of attempting to [get] £43,225 by applying for a loan in the name of garawand to buy his own home .

Parvis Yousefi was convicted of four offences of attempting to obtain a pecuniary advantage , five offences of obtaining property by deception and attempting to obtain by deception .
parvis yousefi was convicted of four offences of attempting to [get] a pecuniary advantage , five offences of obtaining property by deception and attempting to [get] by deception .

Yousefi was found not guilty of attempting to obtain £43,225 by applying for a loan in the name of Garawand to buy his home .
yousefi was found not guilty of attempting to [get] £43,225 by applying for a loan in the name of garawand to buy his home .

Anne Marriner , 23 , admitted attempting to obtain property by deception and two counts of criminal damage all committed on the same day during January .
anne marriner , 23 , admitted attempting to [get] property by deception and two counts of criminal damage all committed on the same day during january .

He collected cheque books for the account and used them to obtain nearly £7,000 in cash and property .
he collected cheque books for the account and used them to [get] nearly £7,000 in cash and property .

That man used my sister to obtain a visa .
that man used my sister to [get] a visa .

We believe we are close to this point and we are working with the Ministry of Defence to obtain true value for money by providing a secure future workload .
we believe we are close to this point and we are working with the ministry of defence to [get] true value for money by providing a secure future workload .

He added that the defence also needed more time to examine and obtain documents relating to the case after fresh evidence came to light last week .
he added that the defence also needed more time to examine and [get] documents relating to the case after fresh evidence came to light last week .

Their main aim was not to obtain compensation — it was said that there was no prospect of recovering damages from Mr Anderson — but to rectify what they regarded as the injustice of his acquittal .
their main aim was not to [get] compensation — it was said that there was no prospect of recovering damages from mr anderson — but to rectify what they regarded as the injustice of his acquittal .

He added that there was no help for 8,600 young people who have failed to obtain guaranteed youth training places .
he added that there was no help for 8,600 young people who have failed to [get] guaranteed youth training places .

‘ We would like to obtain a lot more information about our invertebrate fauna .
‘ we would like to [get] a lot more information about our invertebrate fauna .

The Government also wants to make it easier for people to obtain a drinks licence and to water down the power of licensing magistrates , who currently have absolute discretion to refuse applications , often without giving a reason .
the government also wants to make it easier for people to [get] a drinks licence and to water down the power of licensing magistrates , who currently have absolute discretion to refuse applications , often without giving a reason .

Philip Coles , 37 , of Clackmannanshire , had pled guilty last month to conspiracy to obtain money by deception .
philip coles , 37 , of clackmannanshire , had pled guilty last month to conspiracy to [get] money by deception .

Nowadays , it is an achievement to obtain a ticket for any international .
nowadays , it is an achievement to [get] a ticket for any international .

Yousefi , 37 , denies two counts of attempting to obtain by deception , four of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , and five of obtaining by deception .
yousefi , 37 , denies two counts of attempting to [get] by deception , four of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , and five of obtaining by deception .

Yousefi , of Southfield Crescent , Norton , Stockton , had denied four offences of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , five offences of obtaining property by deception and one offence of attempting to obtain by deception but a Teesside Crown Court jury convicted him .
yousefi , of southfield crescent , norton , stockton , had denied four offences of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , five offences of obtaining property by deception and one offence of attempting to [get] by deception but a teesside crown court jury convicted him .

He then collected cheque books for that account and used them to obtain over £7,000 in cash and property .
he then collected cheque books for that account and used them to [get] over £7,000 in cash and property .

Lisa Julie Davies , 18 , of Lowmoor Road , and Susan Winifried Davies , of Kempton Court , both Darlington , admitted making false representations to obtain benefit when they appeared before the town 's magistrates .
lisa julie davies , 18 , of lowmoor road , and susan winifried davies , of kempton court , both darlington , admitted making false representations to [get] benefit when they appeared before the town 's magistrates .

Infallible way to obtain release from military service
infallible way to [get] release from military service

John Major scholarship boy who made it to the local grammar school and was lucky to obtain patronage from the local squire .
john major scholarship boy who made it to the local grammar school and was lucky to [get] patronage from the local squire .

Local people should be encouraged to obtain a copy of the guide , said Mr Davies , as it contains so much information about Mid Wales and its attractions .
local people should be encouraged to [get] a copy of the guide , said mr davies , as it contains so much information about mid wales and its attractions .

Jordan , 24 , of Heather Close , Birchwood , Warrington , pleaded guilty to stealing a Giro cheque belonging to Brian Bennett , attempting to obtain £330 by deception and stealing a handbag and contents belonging to Jean Baker .
jordan , 24 , of heather close , birchwood , warrington , pleaded guilty to stealing a giro cheque belonging to brian bennett , attempting to [get] £330 by deception and stealing a handbag and contents belonging to jean baker .

Jordan also asked for two offences of attempting to obtain money by deception to be taken into consideration .
jordan also asked for two offences of attempting to [get] money by deception to be taken into consideration .

Another ballot will now be held to determine whether the 1,000-pupil comprehensive will obtain grant-maintained status or stay within Wirral local authority .
another ballot will now be held to determine whether the 1,000-pupil comprehensive will [get] grant-maintained status or stay within wirral local authority .

We cruised to a big lead without getting out of bottom gear and continuity was difficult to obtain after half-time .
we cruised to a big lead without getting out of bottom gear and continuity was difficult to [get] after half-time .

If a young person who reached the age of 16 on July 2 was lucky enough to obtain employment would they be unable to avail themselves of this opportunity and be forced back to school ?
if a young person who reached the age of 16 on july 2 was lucky enough to [get] employment would they be unable to avail themselves of this opportunity and be forced back to school ?

Our apprentices regularly leave Britain for training because they can not obtain it here .
our apprentices regularly leave britain for training because they can not [get] it here .

They will not be aware initially that if they join the Society in the autumn they will obtain what is virtually three months ' free membership .
they will not be aware initially that if they join the society in the autumn they will [get] what is virtually three months ' free membership .

Efforts will continue to be made to obtain advantages for our members in various fields , although our membership is too small to attract offers from large national companies .
efforts will continue to be made to [get] advantages for our members in various fields , although our membership is too small to attract offers from large national companies .

Anyone wishing to use the video — obtain this leaflet or have more information please contact
anyone wishing to use the video — [get] this leaflet or have more information please contact

Please be sure to obtain your tickets direct from the Royal Albert Hall during February .
please be sure to [get] your tickets direct from the royal albert hall during february .

Both books tell of the extremes a man will go to to obtain the object of his desire , and how despite all his efforts , neither hero succeeds ultimately .
both books tell of the extremes a man will go to to [get] the object of his desire , and how despite all his efforts , neither hero succeeds ultimately .

In some cultural environments , information is hard to obtain simply because bad luck is believed to follow upon its disclosure .
in some cultural environments , information is hard to [get] simply because bad luck is believed to follow upon its disclosure .

Unit trusts are an investment vehicle for persons and companies to obtain a share in a diversified portfolio of assets .
unit trusts are an investment vehicle for persons and companies to [get] a share in a diversified portfolio of assets .

Unit trusts must buy back any units investors wish to sell , at the prevailing price , and so investors can obtain liquidity at any time , although of course if instant liquidity is required the transaction may have to be carried out at unfavourable prices , and so units should be thought of as long term investments with a deposit account held at a bank or building society for liquid funds .
unit trusts must buy back any units investors wish to sell , at the prevailing price , and so investors can [get] liquidity at any time , although of course if instant liquidity is required the transaction may have to be carried out at unfavourable prices , and so units should be thought of as long term investments with a deposit account held at a bank or building society for liquid funds .

Investment trusts are similar to unit trusts in that they allow persons and companies to obtain a share in a diversified portfolio of assets and have a specialist fund manager to control the portfolio , but are fundamentally different from unit trusts in other ways .
investment trusts are similar to unit trusts in that they allow persons and companies to [get] a share in a diversified portfolio of assets and have a specialist fund manager to control the portfolio , but are fundamentally different from unit trusts in other ways .

They also draw bills which they then discount to obtain funds and issue CDs .
they also draw bills which they then discount to [get] funds and issue cds .

The underwriter has to take up shares if called upon to do so , and for this has to be able to obtain the necessary funds .
the underwriter has to take up shares if called upon to do so , and for this has to be able to [get] the necessary funds .

With liquidity risk , it should be recognised that diversification into new areas of business may reduce the ability of institutions to obtain liquid funds .
with liquidity risk , it should be recognised that diversification into new areas of business may reduce the ability of institutions to [get] liquid funds .

Real wage rises were thus a product of the competitive process whereby more efficient firms drove out weaker rivals to obtain both labour and markets , which less efficient producers would otherwise have hung on to .
real wage rises were thus a product of the competitive process whereby more efficient firms drove out weaker rivals to [get] both labour and markets , which less efficient producers would otherwise have hung on to .

Unemployment insurance in Europe generally became both more generous and easier to obtain .
unemployment insurance in europe generally became both more generous and easier to [get] .

She and her husband are members of the National Trust and when visiting stately homes they often come across portraits of those she refers to as ‘ my people ’ ; she has been able to obtain copies some of them .
she and her husband are members of the national trust and when visiting stately homes they often come across portraits of those she refers to as ‘ my people ’ ; she has been able to [get] copies some of them .

This will effectively ban the lines as companies will be unable to obtain licences .
this will effectively ban the lines as companies will be unable to [get] licences .

Only owners of vehicles vital to the war effort are able to obtain new tyres .
only owners of vehicles vital to the war effort are able to [get] new tyres .

Mrs Goode studied sociology and education subjects and hopes her degree will help her to obtain work in teaching when her youngest child , four-year-old James , starts school .
mrs goode studied sociology and education subjects and hopes her degree will help her to [get] work in teaching when her youngest child , four-year-old james , starts school .

Nine people have been charged with conspiring to obtain mortgage advances by deception from various building societies .
nine people have been charged with conspiring to [get] mortgage advances by deception from various building societies .

His report also noted that in order to obtain information some valuers have subpoenaed surveyors bound by confidentiality clauses to appear in arbitration hearings .
his report also noted that in order to [get] information some valuers have subpoenaed surveyors bound by confidentiality clauses to appear in arbitration hearings .

Card meter customers will also be able to obtain discounts .
card meter customers will also be able to [get] discounts .

Det Con Bill Turnbull 's quick thinking helped obtain vital evidence to arrest four youths for armed robbery .
det con bill turnbull 's quick thinking helped [get] vital evidence to arrest four youths for armed robbery .

McEvoy , of The Vale , Grove Hill , Middlesbrough , admitted six offences of burglary , obtaining by deception , attempting to obtain by deception , taking a car without consent and making off without payment .
mcevoy , of the vale , grove hill , middlesbrough , admitted six offences of burglary , obtaining by deception , attempting to [get] by deception , taking a car without consent and making off without payment .

‘ The impression has been given that it is easy to obtain a justices ’ licence and move into a public house , ’ he said .
‘ the impression has been given that it is easy to [get] a justices ’ licence and move into a public house , ’ he said .

You will need to tell your mum to consult a solicitor if she now wishes to obtain a divorce .
you will need to tell your mum to consult a solicitor if she now wishes to [get] a divorce .

‘ We 're also giving a guarantee with the tickets that in the event that we do n't obtain promotion or fail to reach the play-offs , we will give free tickets for the next season .
‘ we 're also giving a guarantee with the tickets that in the event that we do n't [get] promotion or fail to reach the play-offs , we will give free tickets for the next season .

‘ Anyone could obtain liquor , and the young jet apprentices took full advantage , ’ reports Mabel .
‘ anyone could [get] liquor , and the young jet apprentices took full advantage , ’ reports mabel .

‘ But that depends on the capacity of the British Merchant Navy to obtain the orders that are there throughout the world . ’
‘ but that depends on the capacity of the british merchant navy to [get] the orders that are there throughout the world . ’

They 'll go to any lengths to obtain money to buy this dangerous narcotic .
they 'll go to any lengths to [get] money to buy this dangerous narcotic .

This cash alternative can be used to obtain a new Vauxhall under ‘ Choices ’ with many of the same advantages of a company car .
this cash alternative can be used to [get] a new vauxhall under ‘ choices ’ with many of the same advantages of a company car .

Brook will also make all the necessary arrangements for its young clients to obtain abortions .
brook will also make all the necessary arrangements for its young clients to [get] abortions .

His work as a sales representative for Cornhill Life Insurance enabled him to obtain personal details on members of the police .
his work as a sales representative for cornhill life insurance enabled him to [get] personal details on members of the police .

You can apply for it , but it takes a little longer than other places to obtain it .
you can apply for it , but it takes a little longer than other places to [get] it .

We can obtain top management replies to your queries .
we can [get] top management replies to your queries .

In 1981 the Readers ' Services Division of the National Library of Scotland conducted a Call-slip analysis and book condition survey . The object of the exercise was to obtain information about
in 1981 the readers ' services division of the national library of scotland conducted a call-slip analysis and book condition survey . the object of the exercise was to [get] information about

Finally , using only manual procedures , all data sheets were analysed to obtain the results discussed in the Report .
finally , using only manual procedures , all data sheets were analysed to [get] the results discussed in the report .

In 1981 , at the request of the Department of Administration , the Readers ' Services Division of the National Library of Scotland conducted a Survey , the object of which was to obtain information about visitors to the Library 's Exhibition Room , and about their response to the exhibitions which they saw .
in 1981 , at the request of the department of administration , the readers ' services division of the national library of scotland conducted a survey , the object of which was to [get] information about visitors to the library 's exhibition room , and about their response to the exhibitions which they saw .

He urged the Government to make the strongest protests and redouble efforts to obtain the release of other British citizens held .
he urged the government to make the strongest protests and redouble efforts to [get] the release of other british citizens held .

However , a few hundred men aged between 18 and 60 who have been trying to leave on grounds of illness were told they must obtain a certificate from an army doctor .
however , a few hundred men aged between 18 and 60 who have been trying to leave on grounds of illness were told they must [get] a certificate from an army doctor .

Dividing the real national income figures by population for the two years , we obtain a figure for ‘ real output per capita ’ of £4,000 in 1983 and £5,000 in 1988 , an increase of 25 per cent .
dividing the real national income figures by population for the two years , we [get] a figure for ‘ real output per capita ’ of £4,000 in 1983 and £5,000 in 1988 , an increase of 25 per cent .

This is called the multiplier effect , and the multiplier itself is the amount that the change in spending has to be multiplied by to obtain the change in income .
this is called the multiplier effect , and the multiplier itself is the amount that the change in spending has to be multiplied by to [get] the change in income .

Someone who wishes to obtain some food in return for some clothes , not only has to find someone who has some food , but who is also seeking some clothes .
someone who wishes to [get] some food in return for some clothes , not only has to find someone who has some food , but who is also seeking some clothes .

Thus , in this example , the credit multiplier ( the figure any increase in cash deposits has to be multiplied by to obtain the increase in total deposits ) is ten .
thus , in this example , the credit multiplier ( the figure any increase in cash deposits has to be multiplied by to [get] the increase in total deposits ) is ten .

Taking the time-path to period t +12 , we obtain a clearly damped , cyclical variation in real national income .
taking the time-path to period t +12 , we [get] a clearly damped , cyclical variation in real national income .

Obtain data on gross domestic fixed capital formation , real national income and the number of unfilled job vacancies for the United Kingdom in the 1970s and 1980s .
[get] data on gross domestic fixed capital formation , real national income and the number of unfilled job vacancies for the united kingdom in the 1970s and 1980s .

‘ We can obtain significant improvements in our performance by getting things right first time , ’ he stresses .
‘ we can [get] significant improvements in our performance by getting things right first time , ’ he stresses .

‘ With the reorganisation we will become leaner and stronger to prosper in difficult trading conditions and obtain high profits when the economy finally stabilises , ’ said , chief operating officer .
‘ with the reorganisation we will become leaner and stronger to prosper in difficult trading conditions and [get] high profits when the economy finally stabilises , ’ said , chief operating officer .

To obtain the correct r.m.s .
to [get] the correct r.m.s .

Applying Kirchhoff 's voltage and current laws respectively to the input and output circuits of figure 10.6 ( b ) yields However , and so from equation ( 10.18 ) the small-signal current gain between input and output is while the input resistance presented to small signals is from equation ( 10.17 ) Making use of equation ( 10.19 ) , the latter becomes Proceeding further , the small-signal voltage gain between input and output is and , on substituting for and from equations ( 10.19 ) and ( 10.20 ) , it is seen that To obtain an expression for the output resistance , observe that in the input circuit Eliminating through equation ( 10.18 ) gives and rearranging this equation in the form establishes that the output resistance is
applying kirchhoff 's voltage and current laws respectively to the input and output circuits of figure 10.6 ( b ) yields however , and so from equation ( 10.18 ) the small-signal current gain between input and output is while the input resistance presented to small signals is from equation ( 10.17 ) making use of equation ( 10.19 ) , the latter becomes proceeding further , the small-signal voltage gain between input and output is and , on substituting for and from equations ( 10.19 ) and ( 10.20 ) , it is seen that to [get] an expression for the output resistance , observe that in the input circuit eliminating through equation ( 10.18 ) gives and rearranging this equation in the form establishes that the output resistance is

to enable the salesperson to obtain a sale immediately ( e.g. a car demonstration drive given to a member of the public ) ; or
to enable the salesperson to [get] a sale immediately ( e.g. a car demonstration drive given to a member of the public ) ; or

There comes a point when the costs of attempting to obtain more sales through the channel outweigh the revenue and profits to be gained from those increased sales .
there comes a point when the costs of attempting to [get] more sales through the channel outweigh the revenue and profits to be gained from those increased sales .

Non-marketing factors often apply when selling internationally , since many companies unfortunately view export orders as a supplement to home trade and are prepared to offer an agency to anybody who is likely to obtain orders , irrespective of their commercial standing .
non-marketing factors often apply when selling internationally , since many companies unfortunately view export orders as a supplement to home trade and are prepared to offer an agency to anybody who is likely to [get] orders , irrespective of their commercial standing .

to obtain wider territory coverage ;
to [get] wider territory coverage ;

to obtain display ; and
to [get] display ; and

to obtain permission to quote ;
to [get] permission to quote ;

to obtain permission to telephone for a follow-up sales interview ;
to [get] permission to telephone for a follow-up sales interview ;

to obtain permission to send further information .
to [get] permission to send further information .

When a prospect comes to the stand looking for literature , this should be an ideal opportunity for the salesperson to establish contact and obtain details of the prospect .
when a prospect comes to the stand looking for literature , this should be an ideal opportunity for the salesperson to establish contact and [get] details of the prospect .

In such cases , buyers might be often quite indifferent as to where the order goes ( especially where there is no particular price advantage and the products are similar ) and quite often a telephone call can obtain an order .
in such cases , buyers might be often quite indifferent as to where the order goes ( especially where there is no particular price advantage and the products are similar ) and quite often a telephone call can [get] an order .

The most common form of agency is where the agents , acting as independent operators , obtain orders on behalf of the exporter on a commission basis and the exporter acts as principal .
the most common form of agency is where the agents , acting as independent operators , [get] orders on behalf of the exporter on a commission basis and the exporter acts as principal .

One should not expect to obtain a detailed contract , but once a commitment is made it is for the long term .
one should not expect to [get] a detailed contract , but once a commitment is made it is for the long term .

have been difficult to obtain .
have been difficult to [get] .

By drawing General Managers ' attention to the British Gas environment publications ; ensuring they have an adequate supply along with display holders [ similar to that outside the Public relations office ] and letting them know how and from whom to obtain additional information .
by drawing general managers ' attention to the british gas environment publications ; ensuring they have an adequate supply along with display holders [ similar to that outside the public relations office ] and letting them know how and from whom to [get] additional information .

Just a hint of distortion is easy to obtain but there 's still plenty of sustain — a situation which is possible but more difficult to achieve with SansAmp .
just a hint of distortion is easy to [get] but there 's still plenty of sustain — a situation which is possible but more difficult to achieve with sansamp .

Try to obtain a good quality plug , preferably gold-plated , to replace the existing one .
try to [get] a good quality plug , preferably gold-plated , to replace the existing one .

He failed to obtain a Card at Montpelier last year finishing 66th , but his outstanding amateur record has earned him a dozen or so sponsor 's invites .
he failed to [get] a card at montpelier last year finishing 66th , but his outstanding amateur record has earned him a dozen or so sponsor 's invites .

They also both attempted to obtain Tour Cards last year and failed , but neither have relaxed despite being prevented from returning to amateur competition during the past year .
they also both attempted to [get] tour cards last year and failed , but neither have relaxed despite being prevented from returning to amateur competition during the past year .

To obtain the best possible tone and depth from such a small driver and cab , Trace 's engineers spent three months researching various designs of enclosure , eventually settling on a kind of reverse flare , with the inner front panel of the cabinet curving in on each side to channel the sound of the rear mounted speaker through a central , vertical slot , 11″ ( 28.5cm ) high x 1″ ( 3.5cm ) wide .
to [get] the best possible tone and depth from such a small driver and cab , trace 's engineers spent three months researching various designs of enclosure , eventually settling on a kind of reverse flare , with the inner front panel of the cabinet curving in on each side to channel the sound of the rear mounted speaker through a central , vertical slot , 11″ ( 28.5cm ) high x 1″ ( 3.5cm ) wide .

Both a male and a female holly must be planted to obtain a display of berries
both a male and a female holly must be planted to [get] a display of berries

There are two ways the fishkeeper can obtain a pair .
there are two ways the fishkeeper can [get] a pair .

The best is to obtain juveniles from a number of sources , rear them together and let nature take its course .
the best is to [get] juveniles from a number of sources , rear them together and let nature take its course .

The authors endeavour to obtain specimens from as varied sources as possible .
the authors endeavour to [get] specimens from as varied sources as possible .

To ensure that the breeding of such fish is continued we will try to obtain new specimens whenever possible .
to ensure that the breeding of such fish is continued we will try to [get] new specimens whenever possible .

They can not be sexed when small , but it would be better to obtain an unrelated female to avoid inbreeding .
they can not be sexed when small , but it would be better to [get] an unrelated female to avoid inbreeding .

Is likely to be able to obtain antibiotics via a vet .
is likely to be able to [get] antibiotics via a vet .

Your move to obtain a refund is the right one .
your move to [get] a refund is the right one .

In contrast , it took me months and umpteen phone calls to obtain even a brochure from a well-known American vintage manufacturer .
in contrast , it took me months and umpteen phone calls to [get] even a brochure from a well-known american vintage manufacturer .

To produce an amplifier to drive headphones successfully and to obtain the maximum performance which they are capable of requires that both these problems must be addressed .
to produce an amplifier to drive headphones successfully and to [get] the maximum performance which they are capable of requires that both these problems must be addressed .

You will only obtain consistent results if your ‘ light sensitive ’ p.c.b .
you will only [get] consistent results if your ‘ light sensitive ’ p.c.b .

However , it is possible to obtain quite good results from simple systems .
however , it is possible to [get] quite good results from simple systems .

In fact it requires special sensors that are difficult to obtain , and quite expensive .
in fact it requires special sensors that are difficult to [get] , and quite expensive .

The reason for this is that equal pressure is required on each block to obtain similar output levels .
the reason for this is that equal pressure is required on each block to [get] similar output levels .

As he entered the study , Stephen reflected on how fortunate he had been to obtain this man 's services .
as he entered the study , stephen reflected on how fortunate he had been to [get] this man 's services .

Mr Oaks is a well-known breeder of greys and we 're lucky to obtain some of his horses .
mr oaks is a well-known breeder of greys and we 're lucky to [get] some of his horses .

It is curious indeed to see in how many ways Gandhi 's conception of power seems a mirror image to that of the British , even if , as in the case of fasting , he sometimes employed techniques of Hindu origin to obtain his ends .
it is curious indeed to see in how many ways gandhi 's conception of power seems a mirror image to that of the british , even if , as in the case of fasting , he sometimes employed techniques of hindu origin to [get] his ends .

Lesbian and gay porn of any sort , let alone that which deals with safer sex , is not easy to obtain here .
lesbian and gay porn of any sort , let alone that which deals with safer sex , is not easy to [get] here .

It 's preferable to obtain pot-grown plants , making absolutely sure they are well-rooted , and at the same time it pays to inspect for any visible signs of disease or disorders .
it 's preferable to [get] pot-grown plants , making absolutely sure they are well-rooted , and at the same time it pays to inspect for any visible signs of disease or disorders .

Also , the spring-line units are becoming difficult to obtain these days .
also , the spring-line units are becoming difficult to [get] these days .

It is possible to obtain extended reverberation times by feeding some of the delayed signal back to the input of the unit .
it is possible to [get] extended reverberation times by feeding some of the delayed signal back to the input of the unit .

Ohm 's Law comes to the rescue and we obtain a value of 0.4V/186µA or 2.15k .
ohm 's law comes to the rescue and we [get] a value of 0.4v/186µa or 2.15k .

Packs of tested components are a different matter , and these represent the best way for beginners to obtain a useful stock of components for a modest outlay .
packs of tested components are a different matter , and these represent the best way for beginners to [get] a useful stock of components for a modest outlay .

From the same sources you can also obtain compartment boxes , and trays made from transparent plastic , both of which are ideal for component storage .
from the same sources you can also [get] compartment boxes , and trays made from transparent plastic , both of which are ideal for component storage .

Note that a good quality ( high resistance ) meter is necessary to obtain the correct reading on pin 3 , and in particular , pin 2 .
note that a good quality ( high resistance ) meter is necessary to [get] the correct reading on pin 3 , and in particular , pin 2 .

However , the F-Plan does not require you to obtain your dietary fibre from bran alone .
however , the f-plan does not require you to [get] your dietary fibre from bran alone .

You would have to eat about a dozen apples in order to obtain that average daily 5 oz of sugar from this source ; you can imagine how long that would take and how difficult it would be to eat all the remainder of your daily food .
you would have to eat about a dozen apples in order to [get] that average daily 5 oz of sugar from this source ; you can imagine how long that would take and how difficult it would be to eat all the remainder of your daily food .

To get maximum benefit in making your diet easy , speedy and healthy , obtain your dietary fibre from a wide range of cereal , fruit and vegetable foods rather than seeking to make up the total from just one or two very fibre-rich foods .
to get maximum benefit in making your diet easy , speedy and healthy , [get] your dietary fibre from a wide range of cereal , fruit and vegetable foods rather than seeking to make up the total from just one or two very fibre-rich foods .

You can obtain heavy duty rubber gloves from some garden centres and most agricultural supply depots …
you can [get] heavy duty rubber gloves from some garden centres and most agricultural supply depots …

He tries to obtain fresh herbs where possible , and grows a few in his garden as a standby , although dried herbs do work if the fresh variety is not available .
he tries to [get] fresh herbs where possible , and grows a few in his garden as a standby , although dried herbs do work if the fresh variety is not available .

The idea was to obtain as many outstanding characteristics as possible from the patient and then to find the remedy , or remedies , which contained them all .
the idea was to [get] as many outstanding characteristics as possible from the patient and then to find the remedy , or remedies , which contained them all .

History relates that it all began when Hahnemann was translating a treatise on materia medica written by the Scottish physician Dr William Cullen , a section of which dealt with the use of cinchona bark ( otherwise known as Peruvian bark ) from which we obtain quinine to treat malaria .
history relates that it all began when hahnemann was translating a treatise on materia medica written by the scottish physician dr william cullen , a section of which dealt with the use of cinchona bark ( otherwise known as peruvian bark ) from which we [get] quinine to treat malaria .

Too many people fail to report crimes because they consider the police inefficient ; we need to restore police efficiency in order to increase the reportage rate and hence obtain a better more reliable gauge of crime .
too many people fail to report crimes because they consider the police inefficient ; we need to restore police efficiency in order to increase the reportage rate and hence [get] a better more reliable gauge of crime .

‘ The Commission would have to assess whether the evidence compiled by the Daily Mirror could have been used to obtain a conviction in criminal proceedings .
‘ the commission would have to assess whether the evidence compiled by the daily mirror could have been used to [get] a conviction in criminal proceedings .

To see the Grand Canyon it is first essential to obtain an overnight camping permit .
to see the grand canyon it is first essential to [get] an overnight camping permit .

In fact a large vocabulary system accepting natural language is simpler to obtain for written language than for spoken , because the recognition units ( i.e .
in fact a large vocabulary system accepting natural language is simpler to [get] for written language than for spoken , because the recognition units ( i.e .

The knowledge of the statistical structure of English is used in conjunction with a Modified Viterbi Algorithm to obtain an optimal letter string from a number of alternatives .
the knowledge of the statistical structure of english is used in conjunction with a modified viterbi algorithm to [get] an optimal letter string from a number of alternatives .

In the case of a lexicon or word list , especially within the context of a script recognition system , the speed of searching the list is paramount , especially for unsuccessful searches , in order to obtain almost immediate recognition .
in the case of a lexicon or word list , especially within the context of a script recognition system , the speed of searching the list is paramount , especially for unsuccessful searches , in order to [get] almost immediate recognition .

This requires much further evaluation and testing , for example to obtain the frequency distribution of the lexicon by word shape ( probably using the reduced zone codes ) , and cross-referencing with this data .
this requires much further evaluation and testing , for example to [get] the frequency distribution of the lexicon by word shape ( probably using the reduced zone codes ) , and cross-referencing with this data .

No one can take the 20-minute boat trip or fly to the airstrip without police permits which are hard to obtain .
no one can take the 20-minute boat trip or fly to the airstrip without police permits which are hard to [get] .

For more information or to obtain a booking form contact :
for more information or to [get] a booking form contact :

On 11 of the 12 night stopovers you can obtain a meal locally , usually bar food , so it is possible to consider camping without using any cooking equipment — this would considerably reduce the weight of your backpack .
on 11 of the 12 night stopovers you can [get] a meal locally , usually bar food , so it is possible to consider camping without using any cooking equipment — this would considerably reduce the weight of your backpack .

If they do n't contain a waterproof membrane such as Gore-Tex or Sympatex , you can obtain spray-on products to give them a water-repellent finish .
if they do n't contain a waterproof membrane such as gore-tex or sympatex , you can [get] spray-on products to give them a water-repellent finish .

Any mortgage increase undertaken for personal reasons ( for example , to obtain capital , maximise tax allowances ) or purely as a result of purchasing a larger or more desirable property will not qualify for assistance .
any mortgage increase undertaken for personal reasons ( for example , to [get] capital , maximise tax allowances ) or purely as a result of purchasing a larger or more desirable property will not qualify for assistance .

And at Pilkingtons , if employees are paying a fixed rate of interest on their old mortgage and can not obtain such favourable terms on a new mortgage , the company makes annual lump sum payments in arrears amounting to the difference paid in interest on the capital sum outstanding on the original mortgage at the time of transfer .
and at pilkingtons , if employees are paying a fixed rate of interest on their old mortgage and can not [get] such favourable terms on a new mortgage , the company makes annual lump sum payments in arrears amounting to the difference paid in interest on the capital sum outstanding on the original mortgage at the time of transfer .

On the other hand , if there is no express or implied contractual right ( see below ) to relocate employees , employers can not simply go ahead and relocate their work-force unless they obtain each employee 's consent to the change in his or her place of work .
on the other hand , if there is no express or implied contractual right ( see below ) to relocate employees , employers can not simply go ahead and relocate their work-force unless they [get] each employee 's consent to the change in his or her place of work .

The support that such strategic arguments seek to obtain from international law can be seen in a significant study done for the Rand Corporation ( Builder and Graubard , 1982 ) .
the support that such strategic arguments seek to [get] from international law can be seen in a significant study done for the rand corporation ( builder and graubard , 1982 ) .

The Speaker is then to obtain a medical report , and a further medical report after six months .
the speaker is then to [get] a medical report , and a further medical report after six months .

Where , as is usually the case , an instrument is laid subject to negative resolution , the position is that it will obtain or , more commonly , retain the force of law unless , within the stipulated time , the House rejects it .
where , as is usually the case , an instrument is laid subject to negative resolution , the position is that it will [get] or , more commonly , retain the force of law unless , within the stipulated time , the house rejects it .

Apart from dealing with the matter of the will if one was made , it may be agreed , if your parent wishes , that he should also take on the responsibility for contacting various persons and organisations : the bank , to arrange for money to be available to her pending the settlement of her husband 's affairs ; her husband 's employer and Trade Union branch secretary , or the secretary of any professional association to which he belonged ; his insurance company ; the Department of Health and Social Security , to obtain forms for claiming the death grant and the widow 's pension ; the Inland Revenue , if her husband was still paying income tax ; the Building Society , the mortgagor ( or landlord if she and her husband lived in rented property ) and any other person or organisation concerned .
apart from dealing with the matter of the will if one was made , it may be agreed , if your parent wishes , that he should also take on the responsibility for contacting various persons and organisations : the bank , to arrange for money to be available to her pending the settlement of her husband 's affairs ; her husband 's employer and trade union branch secretary , or the secretary of any professional association to which he belonged ; his insurance company ; the department of health and social security , to [get] forms for claiming the death grant and the widow 's pension ; the inland revenue , if her husband was still paying income tax ; the building society , the mortgagor ( or landlord if she and her husband lived in rented property ) and any other person or organisation concerned .

The French have gone a long way towards providing a road and water supply and members of the ‘ Pater Nostra ’ organisation are studying in Budapest , Vienna and Germany to obtain qualifications in medicine , physiotherapy , occupational therapy and other skills which will enable them to provide the day-to-day care of the residents in the future .
the french have gone a long way towards providing a road and water supply and members of the ‘ pater nostra ’ organisation are studying in budapest , vienna and germany to [get] qualifications in medicine , physiotherapy , occupational therapy and other skills which will enable them to provide the day-to-day care of the residents in the future .

To obtain a clear white wine from black grapes Dom Pérignon would have had to employ sophisticated pressing techniques ; it is most likely , therefore , that it was Pérignon who invented the traditional Champagne press , designed exactly for this purpose .
to [get] a clear white wine from black grapes dom pérignon would have had to employ sophisticated pressing techniques ; it is most likely , therefore , that it was pérignon who invented the traditional champagne press , designed exactly for this purpose .

Francois invented a simple device called the sucre-oenomètre which provided a scale of measured dosages to add to the wine to obtain given pressures of mousse .
francois invented a simple device called the sucre-oenomètre which provided a scale of measured dosages to add to the wine to [get] given pressures of mousse .

The deeper they go , the more secure the vine will be in times of flood and the more able it will be to obtain moisture in times of drought .
the deeper they go , the more secure the vine will be in times of flood and the more able it will be to [get] moisture in times of drought .

Organic manure might be animal or vegetable derived although both are difficult to obtain in quantity in a modern society .
organic manure might be animal or vegetable derived although both are difficult to [get] in quantity in a modern society .

He could , even , enjoy examining the enemy corpses to obtain essential objects .
he could , even , enjoy examining the enemy corpses to [get] essential objects .

Rather than wandering around aimlessly , the ovoid twosome decided to visit a nearby castle to obtain directions .
rather than wandering around aimlessly , the ovoid twosome decided to visit a nearby castle to [get] directions .

For either option , you must first obtain a scout 's report .
for either option , you must first [get] a scout 's report .

To obtain a free camera take any film along to your nearest Supasnaps branch for standard overnight film processing .
to [get] a free camera take any film along to your nearest supasnaps branch for standard overnight film processing .

Remember that changes are necessary if you are to obtain the stability you crave .
remember that changes are necessary if you are to [get] the stability you crave .

You can obtain starches from breads and crispbreads made with non-wheat flour , and other starchy foods such as millet and rice .
you can [get] starches from breads and crispbreads made with non-wheat flour , and other starchy foods such as millet and rice .

If you are well-acquainted with pigments and paints and are equipped with the manufacturer 's pigment information , you can pick and choose between artists ' and students ' ranges to obtain a balance between the colours you want , their permanency , quality , quantity and price .
if you are well-acquainted with pigments and paints and are equipped with the manufacturer 's pigment information , you can pick and choose between artists ' and students ' ranges to [get] a balance between the colours you want , their permanency , quality , quantity and price .

Even if you are hiring a building exactly the same mentality can obtain .
even if you are hiring a building exactly the same mentality can [get] .

You do n't have to be a relation — anyone may obtain a copy for a small fee .
you do n't have to be a relation — anyone may [get] a copy for a small fee .

Use talcum powder to create a white face or obtain theatrical makeup from chemists or party shops .
use talcum powder to create a white face or [get] theatrical makeup from chemists or party shops .

Secret As soon as the first four figures — 1978 are written down , you obtain the final result by subtracting one from the right hand figure and adding it to the front .
secret as soon as the first four figures — 1978 are written down , you [get] the final result by subtracting one from the right hand figure and adding it to the front .

The annual report noted that ‘ owing to the war it was impossible to obtain funds to pay Mr Crawford and it was also difficult to get colts to coach , and the contract was terminated with deep regret on June 1 , 1916 .
the annual report noted that ‘ owing to the war it was impossible to [get] funds to pay mr crawford and it was also difficult to get colts to coach , and the contract was terminated with deep regret on june 1 , 1916 .

But research implies something fresh about the material we obtain .
but research implies something fresh about the material we [get] .

The Cleveland Inquiry ( Secretary of State for Social Services , 1988 ) noted that : ‘ It has been impossible from the evidence provided to the Inquiry to arrive at any consensus or to obtain any reliable figures of the general prevalence of sexual abuse of children in the country or in Clevelend ’ ( p.4 ) and later comments that : ‘ We are strongly of the opinion that great caution should be exercised at the present time in accepting percentages as to the prevalence and incidence of sexual abuse .
the cleveland inquiry ( secretary of state for social services , 1988 ) noted that : ‘ it has been impossible from the evidence provided to the inquiry to arrive at any consensus or to [get] any reliable figures of the general prevalence of sexual abuse of children in the country or in clevelend ’ ( p.4 ) and later comments that : ‘ we are strongly of the opinion that great caution should be exercised at the present time in accepting percentages as to the prevalence and incidence of sexual abuse .

From a practical point of view , it is usually more effective to obtain the advice of a technical expert on the particular subject and to argue the case on its technical merits rather than on legal niceties .
from a practical point of view , it is usually more effective to [get] the advice of a technical expert on the particular subject and to argue the case on its technical merits rather than on legal niceties .

High standards of accuracy become important if the investigator is going to employ sophisticated methods of analysing the flight recording , such as making a double integration of the vertical acceleration recording to obtain an accurate description of the shape of the flight-path perpendicular to the pitch attitude .
high standards of accuracy become important if the investigator is going to employ sophisticated methods of analysing the flight recording , such as making a double integration of the vertical acceleration recording to [get] an accurate description of the shape of the flight-path perpendicular to the pitch attitude .

In a take-off or landing accident he will obviously make early contact with local air traffic control and obtain a copy of the flight plan .
in a take-off or landing accident he will obviously make early contact with local air traffic control and [get] a copy of the flight plan .

When a public transport aircraft is involved , early contact will be made with the operator of the airline in order to obtain a complete picture of what the flight was intended to do — its point of origin , route and destination , the type of aircraft , numbers of crew and passengers , fuel load and aircraft weight on take-off .
when a public transport aircraft is involved , early contact will be made with the operator of the airline in order to [get] a complete picture of what the flight was intended to do — its point of origin , route and destination , the type of aircraft , numbers of crew and passengers , fuel load and aircraft weight on take-off .

Applicants should hold , or expect to obtain this year , a degree of at least good second-class honours standard in an appropriate Arts or Social Sciences subject .
applicants should hold , or expect to [get] this year , a degree of at least good second-class honours standard in an appropriate arts or social sciences subject .

• You can learn to fly in 2 weeks to the required standard to obtain your British Private Pilots Licence .
• you can learn to fly in 2 weeks to the required standard to [get] your british private pilots licence .

Make sure you obtain a receipt with a date on it .
make sure you [get] a receipt with a date on it .

This architect specified radiused gutter proved extremely difficult for the builder to obtain , until the problem was solved by Apex after being able to fabricate the specification requirement
this architect specified radiused gutter proved extremely difficult for the builder to [get] , until the problem was solved by apex after being able to fabricate the specification requirement

The Church was attacked for monopolising the positions of state and for its doctrines of purgatory , pilgrimages and worship of saints , all exploited in order to obtain offerings .
the church was attacked for monopolising the positions of state and for its doctrines of purgatory , pilgrimages and worship of saints , all exploited in order to [get] offerings .

Poyntz made great efforts to obtain his release and Cromwell was persuaded to send letters to the two leading members of the Council of Brabant on his behalf .
poyntz made great efforts to [get] his release and cromwell was persuaded to send letters to the two leading members of the council of brabant on his behalf .

For this the recantations were insufficient , and different tactics were now applied to obtain a much more abject confession .
for this the recantations were insufficient , and different tactics were now applied to [get] a much more abject confession .

Almost always , by helping them stay in their own homes — not only by providing the necessary cash , but also by helping them to obtain all the entitlements to which they are due .
almost always , by helping them stay in their own homes — not only by providing the necessary cash , but also by helping them to [get] all the entitlements to which they are due .

If you are well-acquainted with pigments and paints and are equipped with the manufacturer 's pigment information , you can pick and choose between artists ' and students ' ranges to obtain a balance between the colours you want , their permanency , quality , quantity and price .
if you are well-acquainted with pigments and paints and are equipped with the manufacturer 's pigment information , you can pick and choose between artists ' and students ' ranges to [get] a balance between the colours you want , their permanency , quality , quantity and price .

Runners of all ages are welcome , although minors will have to obtain parental permission and those under 14 must be accompanied on the run .
runners of all ages are welcome , although minors will have to [get] parental permission and those under 14 must be accompanied on the run .

The league season starts on Thursday week with a home match against Belle Vue and with Shane Parker injured and Miroslaw Kowalik unable to obtain a work permit , the Witches only have four riders signed for their top six places .
the league season starts on thursday week with a home match against belle vue and with shane parker injured and miroslaw kowalik unable to [get] a work permit , the witches only have four riders signed for their top six places .

As two days are allocated for the match in order to obtain a result , refunds can not be made and nor can tickets be accepted back for exchange or re-sale .
as two days are allocated for the match in order to [get] a result , refunds can not be made and nor can tickets be accepted back for exchange or re-sale .

To find out obtain our comprehensive full colour brochure .
to find out [get] our comprehensive full colour brochure .

The death of Gay News provoked a considerable growth in out-of-London calls for information no longer available in that magazine 's supplement , while at the same time making it far more difficult for us to obtain the information the callers needed and throwing an internal emphasis on that side of our work .
the death of gay news provoked a considerable growth in out-of-london calls for information no longer available in that magazine 's supplement , while at the same time making it far more difficult for us to [get] the information the callers needed and throwing an internal emphasis on that side of our work .

However , Mr Everett said , it had taken two months to obtain the Giro for Emma .
however , mr everett said , it had taken two months to [get] the giro for emma .

But it is only now Dr Cristescue and her engineer husband Dimitru have managed to obtain visas to visit Britain .
but it is only now dr cristescue and her engineer husband dimitru have managed to [get] visas to visit britain .

Fortunately for frail elderly people , there are many who offer altruistic neighbouring acts , that is to say , they are done without assumptions of reciprocity ; the gratification which they obtain is in a sense their own private business !
fortunately for frail elderly people , there are many who offer altruistic neighbouring acts , that is to say , they are done without assumptions of reciprocity ; the gratification which they [get] is in a sense their own private business !

He added that the defence also needs more time to examine and obtain documents relating to the case after new evidence came to light last week .
he added that the defence also needs more time to examine and [get] documents relating to the case after new evidence came to light last week .

an unprecedented requirement that would-be appellants first obtain leave to appeal , based upon a simple re-reading of their papers , and not a full , oral hearing .
an unprecedented requirement that would-be appellants first [get] leave to appeal , based upon a simple re-reading of their papers , and not a full , oral hearing .

Regina have now managed to obtain the highest quality 6-year old Korean Ginseng root and combine it with fresh Royal Jelly , to create a harmonious formulation to help you cope with the pace of modern life .
regina have now managed to [get] the highest quality 6-year old korean ginseng root and combine it with fresh royal jelly , to create a harmonious formulation to help you cope with the pace of modern life .

‘ We will be trying to make attempts to obtain substantial sponsorship .
‘ we will be trying to make attempts to [get] substantial sponsorship .

As the main object is to obtain a smooth hover , the actual idle-up controls should be set to give as nearly as possible a constant engine speed .
as the main object is to [get] a smooth hover , the actual idle-up controls should be set to give as nearly as possible a constant engine speed .

If we sum these equations , we obtain .
if we sum these equations , we [get] .

It would be interesting to have research into the period of initial onset of the illness and the ability of families to obtain specialist advice for the sick family member , particularly as in this illness the patient has rarely the insight to see the need for medical assistance .
it would be interesting to have research into the period of initial onset of the illness and the ability of families to [get] specialist advice for the sick family member , particularly as in this illness the patient has rarely the insight to see the need for medical assistance .

You can obtain further information and an application form from the address given below .
you can [get] further information and an application form from the address given below .

Three days after the Secretary of Defense was charged by the Washington committee to obtain the package of diamonds demanded by Zack , he reported back that the task was taking longer than foreseen .
three days after the secretary of defense was charged by the washington committee to [get] the package of diamonds demanded by zack , he reported back that the task was taking longer than foreseen .

He knew how things worked in London , where to go to obtain what he wanted or needed , had contacts with the underworld , was smart enough and experienced enough not to make mistakes of the kind that draw a visitor to the attention of the authorities .
he knew how things worked in london , where to go to [get] what he wanted or needed , had contacts with the underworld , was smart enough and experienced enough not to make mistakes of the kind that draw a visitor to the attention of the authorities .

Not only does automation lead to a heightened sense of alienation , it also , Naville suggests , enables workers to obtain a better understanding of the real determinants of the pattern of authority relations prevalent in the society , which Naville presumes to be dictated by social class rather than technocratic or efficiency considerations .
not only does automation lead to a heightened sense of alienation , it also , naville suggests , enables workers to [get] a better understanding of the real determinants of the pattern of authority relations prevalent in the society , which naville presumes to be dictated by social class rather than technocratic or efficiency considerations .

If management can obtain high levels of output from individual workers by designing jobs , such as those on assembly lines , which force people to work hard then output may be high at the expense of job satisfaction .
if management can [get] high levels of output from individual workers by designing jobs , such as those on assembly lines , which force people to work hard then output may be high at the expense of job satisfaction .

When emergency procedures are used to take a child into care , the Social Work Department has to obtain a Place of Safety order signed by a Sheriff or a Justice of the Peace .
when emergency procedures are used to take a child into care , the social work department has to [get] a place of safety order signed by a sheriff or a justice of the peace .

Finally the lawyers for the families went to court again to try to obtain sight of at least some of the evidence against their clients .
finally the lawyers for the families went to court again to try to [get] sight of at least some of the evidence against their clients .

Even the Member of Parliament , Jim Wallace , has been unable to obtain a copy of what is thought to be a damning indictment of Orkney Islands Council Social Work Department .
even the member of parliament , jim wallace , has been unable to [get] a copy of what is thought to be a damning indictment of orkney islands council social work department .

How dare the council obtain stress counselling for the social workers , she asked , when the agonised parents of the nine children were under the sort of stress the social workers could n't even begin to imagine ?
how dare the council [get] stress counselling for the social workers , she asked , when the agonised parents of the nine children were under the sort of stress the social workers could n't even begin to imagine ?

According to Wagner 's opera The Ring of the Nibelung , Fafnir was an evil and ruthless giant who killed both his brother and father to obtain their gold .
according to wagner 's opera the ring of the nibelung , fafnir was an evil and ruthless giant who killed both his brother and father to [get] their gold .

First of all there was the paperwork : it was necessary to obtain permission from the head of the family , to have a certificate of baptism for each emigrant , to obtain exemption from military service for males , to have no criminal record and to prove how the voyage would be paid for .
first of all there was the paperwork : it was necessary to [get] permission from the head of the family , to have a certificate of baptism for each emigrant , to [get] exemption from military service for males , to have no criminal record and to prove how the voyage would be paid for .

1 November ( All Saints ' Day ) is Pão-por-Deus ( ‘ Bread for God ’ ) when traditionally bread was given to the poor in the city to obtain a blessing on the souls of the departed .
1 november ( all saints ' day ) is pão-por-deus ( ‘ bread for god ’ ) when traditionally bread was given to the poor in the city to [get] a blessing on the souls of the departed .

To obtain this loading , we need a ‘ flat ’ size of 113cm diameter ( 44½ in ) .
to [get] this loading , we need a ‘ flat ’ size of 113cm diameter ( 44½ in ) .

To obtain the cupped or hemispherical shape with fairly smooth lines , the number of gores should be increased with the diameter .
to [get] the cupped or hemispherical shape with fairly smooth lines , the number of gores should be increased with the diameter .

To obtain the base width of the gores ( minus any hem ) , the circumference ( 3.1412 x diameter ) must be divided by the number of gores .
to [get] the base width of the gores ( minus any hem ) , the circumference ( 3.1412 x diameter ) must be divided by the number of gores .

Again , we advise un-proofed material in order to obtain fastest deployment .
again , we advise un-proofed material in order to [get] fastest deployment .

To obtain the tensions , we resort to the copper wire again and make up rectangular loops which are sealed by soldering .
to [get] the tensions , we resort to the copper wire again and make up rectangular loops which are sealed by soldering .

Unlike the single line delta with its articulating leading edges that pivot about the cross-spar joint , the second generation stunters with cross-spars fore and aft introduced the rigid frame.As the spine retained the sail on the neutral datum centreline , the sail pattern was made larger than the actual frame plan in order to obtain the conical camber which is the characteristic of the Rogallo design .
unlike the single line delta with its articulating leading edges that pivot about the cross-spar joint , the second generation stunters with cross-spars fore and aft introduced the rigid frame.as the spine retained the sail on the neutral datum centreline , the sail pattern was made larger than the actual frame plan in order to [get] the conical camber which is the characteristic of the rogallo design .

As a result of the controls it was impossible for certain firms to obtain raw materials and replacements , for which no domestic substitutes were available .
as a result of the controls it was impossible for certain firms to [get] raw materials and replacements , for which no domestic substitutes were available .

This is not to say of course , that Christians might not have supported certain of these ideas : by choosing a particular profession of considerable sacrifice to themselves in economic terms , by supporting rent legislation because of the plight of deprived families , by welcoming the welfare state because of the inability of poor families to obtain appropriate medical treatment or by applauding deficit spending as a way of reducing unemployment .
this is not to say of course , that christians might not have supported certain of these ideas : by choosing a particular profession of considerable sacrifice to themselves in economic terms , by supporting rent legislation because of the plight of deprived families , by welcoming the welfare state because of the inability of poor families to [get] appropriate medical treatment or by applauding deficit spending as a way of reducing unemployment .

As a matter of prudent practice , it is a good idea to obtain a standard international operator 's licence as well as a domestic one .
as a matter of prudent practice , it is a good idea to [get] a standard international operator 's licence as well as a domestic one .

Various categories of vehicle are exempt from the need to obtain an operating licence .
various categories of vehicle are exempt from the need to [get] an operating licence .

Anyone injured at work can obtain advice quickly from their local citizen 's advice bureau .
anyone injured at work can [get] advice quickly from their local citizen 's advice bureau .

People in business are often so pleased to obtain credit finance that they ignore the true nature of the obligations they have agreed to take on .
people in business are often so pleased to [get] credit finance that they ignore the true nature of the obligations they have agreed to take on .

These order numbers have to be quoted to the warehouse superintendent , Pat Higgins , to obtain warehouse dispatch clearance for the machines .
these order numbers have to be quoted to the warehouse superintendent , pat higgins , to [get] warehouse dispatch clearance for the machines .

The advantages of trying to obtain an out-of-court settlement at a relatively early stage in the proceedings are therefore obvious .
the advantages of trying to [get] an out-of-court settlement at a relatively early stage in the proceedings are therefore obvious .

Stanley Widdowson wanted to obtain a van from a garage on a hire purchase agreement . Knowing that his own name would not prove creditworthy , he inserted the name and address of a close neighbour on the standard proposal form
stanley widdowson wanted to [get] a van from a garage on a hire purchase agreement . knowing that his own name would not prove creditworthy , he inserted the name and address of a close neighbour on the standard proposal form

which had to be completed to obtain the necessary credit .
which had to be completed to [get] the necessary credit .

In due course , he was convicted , under Section 1 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 , of attempting to obtain services , that is credit facilities for hire-purchase purposes , by deception .
in due course , he was convicted , under section 1 ( 1 ) of the criminal attempts act 1981 , of attempting to [get] services , that is credit facilities for hire-purchase purposes , by deception .

It was held that when making a standard hire-purchase agreement , the hirer merely hired goods and did not obtain credit from the finance company .
it was held that when making a standard hire-purchase agreement , the hirer merely hired goods and did not [get] credit from the finance company .

If , for instance , no one mentions what the pay will be , it is up to you to ask that question and obtain a satisfactory answer .
if , for instance , no one mentions what the pay will be , it is up to you to ask that question and [get] a satisfactory answer .

The silk was of the first order , better than one could obtain nowadays , and had kept in good condition over the years .
the silk was of the first order , better than one could [get] nowadays , and had kept in good condition over the years .

The story of how Meehan and his advisors tried and failed during the next seven years to obtain justice for him in the light of increasing evidence of his innocence and Waddell 's guilt makes sorry reading .
the story of how meehan and his advisors tried and failed during the next seven years to [get] justice for him in the light of increasing evidence of his innocence and waddell 's guilt makes sorry reading .

It was ironic that now everybody in our district had plenty of money for food they could n't obtain it because everything was rationed .
it was ironic that now everybody in our district had plenty of money for food they could n't [get] it because everything was rationed .

Feel the stretch in that position — your standing leg will get lower as you obtain greater thigh strength .
feel the stretch in that position — your standing leg will get lower as you [get] greater thigh strength .

Breakfasts and evening meals are provided Monday to Friday only , the students being expected to obtain their own midday and week-end meals at the Polytechnic or elsewhere .
breakfasts and evening meals are provided monday to friday only , the students being expected to [get] their own midday and week-end meals at the polytechnic or elsewhere .

He has encouraged them to obtain relevant academic or professional qualifications , but has also insisted that they ‘ work their way up ’ through the departments in the traditional style .
he has encouraged them to [get] relevant academic or professional qualifications , but has also insisted that they ‘ work their way up ’ through the departments in the traditional style .

You might be able to obtain an occasional permission , but if you are going to do this frequently you will require an occasional licence ( if you do , the licensee would presumably provide the sherry ) .
you might be able to [get] an occasional permission , but if you are going to do this frequently you will require an occasional licence ( if you do , the licensee would presumably provide the sherry ) .

There are six main ways to obtain it :
there are six main ways to [get] it :

Harriet , still grieving and perplexed and unable to obtain any further information from Liza , asked Edna outright if she could throw any light on the matter .
harriet , still grieving and perplexed and unable to [get] any further information from liza , asked edna outright if she could throw any light on the matter .

Occasionally , he managed to obtain temporary work : once checking stock in a publisher 's warehouse — hardly the sort of job for an ex-officer and far below his not inconsiderable intelligence — and on another occasion , because of his clerical and administrative experiences in the War Office , helping to sort out the vast archive of a deceased general .
occasionally , he managed to [get] temporary work : once checking stock in a publisher 's warehouse — hardly the sort of job for an ex-officer and far below his not inconsiderable intelligence — and on another occasion , because of his clerical and administrative experiences in the war office , helping to sort out the vast archive of a deceased general .

Through the six months of Alberta 's bitter winter each lady tried to outdo the other in the number of coffee parties given and the number of charitable offices each managed to obtain .
through the six months of alberta 's bitter winter each lady tried to outdo the other in the number of coffee parties given and the number of charitable offices each managed to [get] .

The Alberta liquor laws laid down that no minors might drink , but it was not difficult to obtain beer or liquor , and he had often drunk himself silly .
the alberta liquor laws laid down that no minors might drink , but it was not difficult to [get] beer or liquor , and he had often drunk himself silly .

Rotating your graph to obtain exactly the right view is a delightfully simple mouse-controlled process ; just grab a corner of a 3-dimensional box which represents your graph , and swing it around until it looks right .
rotating your graph to [get] exactly the right view is a delightfully simple mouse-controlled process ; just grab a corner of a 3-dimensional box which represents your graph , and swing it around until it looks right .

The consent of two-thirds of the directors of the House of Industry was necessary before the building could be transferred , and after the Mayor , Dr. George Witt , had met in ‘ a somewhat private way ’ with the Commissioner , a special meeting was called to obtain the required number of signatures .
the consent of two-thirds of the directors of the house of industry was necessary before the building could be transferred , and after the mayor , dr. george witt , had met in ‘ a somewhat private way ’ with the commissioner , a special meeting was called to [get] the required number of signatures .

‘ Padded Room : the clerk was instructed to ask the architect to obtain a price for padding the floor of the padded-room in the lunatic block .
‘ padded room : the clerk was instructed to ask the architect to [get] a price for padding the floor of the padded-room in the lunatic block .

Savage Orcs do not usually wear armour although they sometimes obtain it as war booty or trade it from wandering Goblin tribes .
savage orcs do not usually wear armour although they sometimes [get] it as war booty or trade it from wandering goblin tribes .

This is not to deny personal responsibility , but to recognise that in all social organisations individual responsibility is constrained by the social arrangements which obtain .
this is not to deny personal responsibility , but to recognise that in all social organisations individual responsibility is constrained by the social arrangements which [get] .

The toys they were using were called analogues , adjective check-lists and pseudo-clients with fake case histories … the rules are such that all discovery and exploration is blocked through the control and manipulation of the ‘ subject ’ and the relevant variables to obtain relevant data .
the toys they were using were called analogues , adjective check-lists and pseudo-clients with fake case histories … the rules are such that all discovery and exploration is blocked through the control and manipulation of the ‘ subject ’ and the relevant variables to [get] relevant data .

Another avenue of enjoyable information-seeking — sadly , not as well-known and patronized as it deserves to be — is the programme of private gardens opened in aid of various charities like the Gardeners ' Benevolent Fund , from whom you can obtain a county-by-county week-by-week guide giving details of location , times of opening and points of interest .
another avenue of enjoyable information-seeking — sadly , not as well-known and patronized as it deserves to be — is the programme of private gardens opened in aid of various charities like the gardeners ' benevolent fund , from whom you can [get] a county-by-county week-by-week guide giving details of location , times of opening and points of interest .

Instead of chewing into or biting off the leaves and shoots , the suckers are interested only in the liquid sap , which they obtain by probing a very fine tubular proboscis into the surface tissue cells .
instead of chewing into or biting off the leaves and shoots , the suckers are interested only in the liquid sap , which they [get] by probing a very fine tubular proboscis into the surface tissue cells .

Broadly speaking , it is easier to obtain funding for explanatory research that seems to provide guidance to policy-makers than for purely academic research , and for research that is statistically based than for research that is more qualitative in its approach .
broadly speaking , it is easier to [get] funding for explanatory research that seems to provide guidance to policy-makers than for purely academic research , and for research that is statistically based than for research that is more qualitative in its approach .

With the success of that first book , the Newsons were able to obtain funds for follow-up studies , but had by then lost contact with many of their original sample .
with the success of that first book , the newsons were able to [get] funds for follow-up studies , but had by then lost contact with many of their original sample .

Thus Lacey ( 1970 ) , in his study of a secondary school , had to obtain permission from the chief education officer and the headmaster before he entered the school , as did Burgess ( 1983 ) .
thus lacey ( 1970 ) , in his study of a secondary school , had to [get] permission from the chief education officer and the headmaster before he entered the school , as did burgess ( 1983 ) .

Unfortunately , early ethno-methodological writing was almost wilfully obscure and very difficult to obtain , and it is only recently that more accessible texts have become available .
unfortunately , early ethno-methodological writing was almost wilfully obscure and very difficult to [get] , and it is only recently that more accessible texts have become available .

Lloyd George sought to obtain regular press support through the direct means of ownership .
lloyd george sought to [get] regular press support through the direct means of ownership .

If you plan to defer your pension , you should also defer any graduated pension to which you may be entitled — or you risk losing the increases you would otherwise obtain .
if you plan to defer your pension , you should also defer any graduated pension to which you may be entitled — or you risk losing the increases you would otherwise [get] .

If you are faced with an exceptional expense you find difficult to pay , you may be able to obtain a Budgeting or Crisis Loan , or Funeral Payment , from the Social Fund .
if you are faced with an exceptional expense you find difficult to pay , you may be able to [get] a budgeting or crisis loan , or funeral payment , from the social fund .

When taking a decision about personal pensions you should obtain as much information as possible .
when taking a decision about personal pensions you should [get] as much information as possible .

If she is still under 60 when her husband claims his state pension and does not work or her earnings do not exceed £43.1 0 , he should be able to obtain a supplement of around £32.55 to his pension , on the grounds of having a wife to support .
if she is still under 60 when her husband claims his state pension and does not work or her earnings do not exceed £43.1 0 , he should be able to [get] a supplement of around £32.55 to his pension , on the grounds of having a wife to support .

It is possible that you may be able to obtain the full single person 's pension , based on your ex-husband 's contributions .
it is possible that you may be able to [get] the full single person 's pension , based on your ex-husband 's contributions .

As with age-related additions , if you were entitled to receive the allowance earlier but for some reason missed out doing so , you may be able to obtain a tax rebate .
as with age-related additions , if you were entitled to receive the allowance earlier but for some reason missed out doing so , you may be able to [get] a tax rebate .

Separate from any personal allowances , you can obtain tax relief on the following :
separate from any personal allowances , you can [get] tax relief on the following :

Self-employed and other personal pension plans . According to your age , you can pay the following amounts into a pension scheme and obtain tax relief :
self-employed and other personal pension plans . according to your age , you can pay the following amounts into a pension scheme and [get] tax relief :

Some may be characterised as predominantly transaction orientated : that is , obtain the brief from the client and work as hard and fast as possible to fill that particular job , that being both the goal and the result .
some may be characterised as predominantly transaction orientated : that is , [get] the brief from the client and work as hard and fast as possible to fill that particular job , that being both the goal and the result .

He feels that there is no way that an external agency can obtain the feel of a market place like Lloyd 's .
he feels that there is no way that an external agency can [get] the feel of a market place like lloyd 's .

Mortgages became difficult to obtain , house prices stopped rising , commercial properties remained vacant and the economic squeeze began to hurt the profession .
mortgages became difficult to [get] , house prices stopped rising , commercial properties remained vacant and the economic squeeze began to hurt the profession .

Again , in theory , this principle protects large practice firms from the ‘ inexperienced ’ practitioner anxious to obtain a slice of the client market .
again , in theory , this principle protects large practice firms from the ‘ inexperienced ’ practitioner anxious to [get] a slice of the client market .

It is therefore possible to calculate how much brain a mammal should have for its size and , by taking the ratio between the actual and the expected brain size , obtain a measure of how much ‘ extra ’ brain a species possesses .
it is therefore possible to calculate how much brain a mammal should have for its size and , by taking the ratio between the actual and the expected brain size , [get] a measure of how much ‘ extra ’ brain a species possesses .

Under the conditions that usually obtain in receptive field plotting studies one further distinction has been reported .
under the conditions that usually [get] in receptive field plotting studies one further distinction has been reported .

Nevertheless no Italian government envisaged war or subversion to obtain Trent or Trieste .
nevertheless no italian government envisaged war or subversion to [get] trent or trieste .

Montenegro and Bulgaria were aggrieved to obtain less at Berlin than they had won earlier by fighting .
montenegro and bulgaria were aggrieved to [get] less at berlin than they had won earlier by fighting .

Nor would Germany , if she were attacked by France alone , obtain more than the benevolent neutrality of Austria-Hungary .
nor would germany , if she were attacked by france alone , [get] more than the benevolent neutrality of austria-hungary .

But to say of a particular consequence that it would not obtain if that class were not hegemonal does not tell us much .
but to say of a particular consequence that it would not [get] if that class were not hegemonal does not tell us much .

His argument is therefore compatible with the view that there may be cases where this does not obtain , which require to be explained in individualist terms .
his argument is therefore compatible with the view that there may be cases where this does not [get] , which require to be explained in individualist terms .

From this he could obtain survivorship curves for cohorts of leaves born in the same time period and record some of the causes of death or damage within the populations ( Fig .
from this he could [get] survivorship curves for cohorts of leaves born in the same time period and record some of the causes of death or damage within the populations ( fig .

When the psychologist Donald Griffin describes the ability of great tits and chickadees to obtain milk from bottles by ‘ pecking through their shiny coverings with the conscious intention of obtaining food ’ ( 1984 : 35 ) , it is obvious that were he not talking of a ‘ conscious intention ’ , in the normal human acceptation of the phrase , he would fail to arouse the average reader 's curiosity and sympathies .
when the psychologist donald griffin describes the ability of great tits and chickadees to [get] milk from bottles by ‘ pecking through their shiny coverings with the conscious intention of obtaining food ’ ( 1984 : 35 ) , it is obvious that were he not talking of a ‘ conscious intention ’ , in the normal human acceptation of the phrase , he would fail to arouse the average reader 's curiosity and sympathies .

In particular , the conviction still remains that what we have in all these experiments is a series of adaptive responses , induced by training , to obtain the numerous rewards on offer throughout the training .
in particular , the conviction still remains that what we have in all these experiments is a series of adaptive responses , induced by training , to [get] the numerous rewards on offer throughout the training .

Our care for the teenage mongoloid , for example , is powerfully influenced by its own plans and aspirations , and this will obtain to a diminishing extent with the more severely retarded .
our care for the teenage mongoloid , for example , is powerfully influenced by its own plans and aspirations , and this will [get] to a diminishing extent with the more severely retarded .

( The ‘ almost ’ allows for exceptional circumstances where , let us say , killing is the only way to obtain food ( 1979 : 55 , 105 ) . )
( the ‘ almost ’ allows for exceptional circumstances where , let us say , killing is the only way to [get] food ( 1979 : 55 , 105 ) . )

See yourself in Hair d-sign will give you an insight into the ideas and methods of the Hair by Alan d Training School , an introduction to the teachers plus it 's full of invaluable info like how to obtain grants etc .
see yourself in hair d-sign will give you an insight into the ideas and methods of the hair by alan d training school , an introduction to the teachers plus it 's full of invaluable info like how to [get] grants etc .

What is a good average for two-colour work , will be hopelessly wrong for four-colour , because we are knitting double the number of rows to obtain the correct pattern , so the additional rows knitted will change the measurement of 40 rows in millimetres .
what is a good average for two-colour work , will be hopelessly wrong for four-colour , because we are knitting double the number of rows to [get] the correct pattern , so the additional rows knitted will change the measurement of 40 rows in millimetres .

The competition was fierce and only a few could obtain the valuable passports , visas and tickets to leave the confines of China .
the competition was fierce and only a few could [get] the valuable passports , visas and tickets to leave the confines of china .

Housing was hard to obtain , good accommodation almost impossible .
housing was hard to [get] , good accommodation almost impossible .

Others are impossible to locate and drop out of the statistics in due course ; therefore accurate figures are difficult to obtain .
others are impossible to locate and drop out of the statistics in due course ; therefore accurate figures are difficult to [get] .

Each correct response scores one point and trainees should obtain 13 points or more .
each correct response scores one point and trainees should [get] 13 points or more .

When she found her mother was no longer giving her the attention she craved she worked harder to obtain it so she strewed more objects on the floor .
when she found her mother was no longer giving her the attention she craved she worked harder to [get] it so she strewed more objects on the floor .

Trainees should obtain 13 points or more .
trainees should [get] 13 points or more .

Trainees should obtain nine points or more before moving on to Goal 4 .
trainees should [get] nine points or more before moving on to goal 4 .

Screening assessments are normally carried out using tests which enable teachers or therapists to obtain a broad-spectrum view of the child 's language abilities .
screening assessments are normally carried out using tests which enable teachers or therapists to [get] a broad-spectrum view of the child 's language abilities .

Clearly , in order to obtain this kind of information it is necessary to conduct three assessments under similar conditions so that they are directly comparable and spaced at equal time intervals .
clearly , in order to [get] this kind of information it is necessary to conduct three assessments under similar conditions so that they are directly comparable and spaced at equal time intervals .

The rationale for trying to obtain verbatim records of children 's speech in naturalistic settings is that it provides the best indication of what language a child actually uses in ordinary , everyday settings .
the rationale for trying to [get] verbatim records of children 's speech in naturalistic settings is that it provides the best indication of what language a child actually uses in ordinary , everyday settings .

Before any recording is undertaken it will be necessary to obtain the co-operation of the child 's parents and teachers .
before any recording is undertaken it will be necessary to [get] the co-operation of the child 's parents and teachers .

These limitations and practical difficulties do not remove the value of recording children 's speech in relatively natural settings ; they do , however , emphasise that it is extremely difficult to obtain objective and accurate information on which to base an assessment of a child 's linguistic abilities .
these limitations and practical difficulties do not remove the value of recording children 's speech in relatively natural settings ; they do , however , emphasise that it is extremely difficult to [get] objective and accurate information on which to base an assessment of a child 's linguistic abilities .

The age equivalent indicates the age at which a sample of children without identifiable language handicaps obtain the same score as the target child .
the age equivalent indicates the age at which a sample of children without identifiable language handicaps [get] the same score as the target child .

If you are unable to obtain any Amber product in your area or would like tickets for the ‘ open day ’ , contact them on or write to , .
if you are unable to [get] any amber product in your area or would like tickets for the ‘ open day ’ , contact them on or write to , .

Last month we were printing patterns that were relatively small from within the Creation 6 programme , using the magnifying screen to obtain the printout of the grid .
last month we were printing patterns that were relatively small from within the creation 6 programme , using the magnifying screen to [get] the printout of the grid .

( as the study of the symbolic function , expressed in language , so strikingly indicates ) — it is necessary and sufficient to grasp the unconscious structure underlying each institution and each custom , in order to obtain a principle of interpretation valid for other institutions and other customs , provided of course that the analysis is carried far enough . ( Lévi-Strauss 1968 : 21 )
( as the study of the symbolic function , expressed in language , so strikingly indicates ) — it is necessary and sufficient to grasp the unconscious structure underlying each institution and each custom , in order to [get] a principle of interpretation valid for other institutions and other customs , provided of course that the analysis is carried far enough . ( lévi-strauss 1968 : 21 )

You can use almost any thickness yarn from fine 2/30s , up to 2/8s ( 4-ply ) and still obtain good results .
you can use almost any thickness yarn from fine 2/30s , up to 2/8s ( 4-ply ) and still [get] good results .

It is all built up ‘ dry ’ cutting lumps and corners off various pieces to obtain the desired effect , with no gaps left showing the glass .
it is all built up ‘ dry ’ cutting lumps and corners off various pieces to [get] the desired effect , with no gaps left showing the glass .

in the days of black and white photography this was readily available but can now be quite difficult to obtain .
in the days of black and white photography this was readily available but can now be quite difficult to [get] .

Ruth has also produced a video on the Hague Linker which show lots of hints on how to obtain a truly professional garment .
ruth has also produced a video on the hague linker which show lots of hints on how to [get] a truly professional garment .

Using the lace carriage , you will realise that you can only transfer the stitches in one direction at a time in any given movement and to overcome this , you can move the lace carriage and transfer stitches in two more consecutive movements to obtain the same effect .
using the lace carriage , you will realise that you can only transfer the stitches in one direction at a time in any given movement and to overcome this , you can move the lace carriage and transfer stitches in two more consecutive movements to [get] the same effect .

The social worker should interview the client first , and obtain permission to contact other people .
the social worker should interview the client first , and [get] permission to contact other people .

It may seem risky to start investing so much time and effort to obtain a better quality of life for a person at the margin of coping , but once the framework of social care planning has been established other aspects of social work and health service provision can be woven in .
it may seem risky to start investing so much time and effort to [get] a better quality of life for a person at the margin of coping , but once the framework of social care planning has been established other aspects of social work and health service provision can be woven in .

The reality is that people of all groups face similar economic pressures to work and obtain adequate housing .
the reality is that people of all groups face similar economic pressures to work and [get] adequate housing .

It was very late when he left the party , and as he was unable to obtain transport to his home in Mountsorrel , he decided to walk along the old track-bed from Belgrave to Rothley Station , this being the most direct route home .
it was very late when he left the party , and as he was unable to [get] transport to his home in mountsorrel , he decided to walk along the old track-bed from belgrave to rothley station , this being the most direct route home .

His next letter accused Wolfgang of ‘ fecklessness , thoughtlessness and laziness ’ , which his son was quick to rebut , pointing out that he was trying to obtain a permanent post at Mannheim .
his next letter accused wolfgang of ‘ fecklessness , thoughtlessness and laziness ’ , which his son was quick to rebut , pointing out that he was trying to [get] a permanent post at mannheim .

Jones had already used a variety of materials , one of which was palladium , and was preparing to obtain the final proof with his detector that he had just spent two years building .
jones had already used a variety of materials , one of which was palladium , and was preparing to [get] the final proof with his detector that he had just spent two years building .

It is often tempting to do so , especially when problem attitudes and behaviour begin to frustrate our attempts to obtain mutually beneficial change .
it is often tempting to do so , especially when problem attitudes and behaviour begin to frustrate our attempts to [get] mutually beneficial change .

From such a viewpoint , everyone obtains from life what they work for , and in the end most people eventually obtain what they deserve .
from such a viewpoint , everyone obtains from life what they work for , and in the end most people eventually [get] what they deserve .

Where the disability is permanent , counselling can help individuals to decide how they are to maintain their social involvement in future , and obtain personal fulfilment from their lives .
where the disability is permanent , counselling can help individuals to decide how they are to maintain their social involvement in future , and [get] personal fulfilment from their lives .

This chapter therefore describes the techniques you will need to follow to obtain perfect pressed flowers .
this chapter therefore describes the techniques you will need to follow to [get] perfect pressed flowers .

‘ But if we are not able to obtain all the slots we 've applied for at Heathrow we may have to consider cutting back , ’ he said .
‘ but if we are not able to [get] all the slots we 've applied for at heathrow we may have to consider cutting back , ’ he said .

Statutory exemptions are provided in section 88 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 and , inter alia , allow a person to drive without a licence or cause or permit another to do so if the driver has held or is entitled to obtain a licence for that class of vehicle and an application for such a licence has been received including in it the date he was driving .
statutory exemptions are provided in section 88 of the road traffic act 1988 and , inter alia , allow a person to drive without a licence or cause or permit another to do so if the driver has held or is entitled to [get] a licence for that class of vehicle and an application for such a licence has been received including in it the date he was driving .

It was not , she said , easy even to obtain embalming materials .
it was not , she said , easy even to [get] embalming materials .

Kensington Palace contacted the producers to obtain an advance copy for the princess , but was told that the video tape , with the extra material , was already available in High Street , Kensington .
kensington palace contacted the producers to [get] an advance copy for the princess , but was told that the video tape , with the extra material , was already available in high street , kensington .

Anfield manager Graeme Souness must obtain Foreign Office clearance before he can draft in the £600,000 Scandinavian international to replace his latest casualty .
anfield manager graeme souness must [get] foreign office clearance before he can draft in the £600,000 scandinavian international to replace his latest casualty .

The rules will also allow groups of offices within firms to become authorised to provide training as single entities , instead of having to obtain separate authorisation for each location .
the rules will also allow groups of offices within firms to become authorised to provide training as single entities , instead of having to [get] separate authorisation for each location .

The British Bankers ' Association points to ‘ the impracticality of requiring auditors to obtain assurances on the willingness of a bank to continue its existing facilities in terms which are too demanding ’ .
the british bankers ' association points to ‘ the impracticality of requiring auditors to [get] assurances on the willingness of a bank to continue its existing facilities in terms which are too demanding ’ .

Forward-looking companies such as Sumitomo ( see panel ) are implementing wide area networks ( WANs ) to maximise the value they obtain from corporate information .
forward-looking companies such as sumitomo ( see panel ) are implementing wide area networks ( wans ) to maximise the value they [get] from corporate information .

Sumitomo Capital Markets has harnessed telecommunications and networking techniques to obtain competitive advantage in the management of its global trading operation .
sumitomo capital markets has harnessed telecommunications and networking techniques to [get] competitive advantage in the management of its global trading operation .

Although each of its trading locations around the world maintains its own accounts records , these records can be consolidated in next to no time to obtain an accountant's-eye view of Sumitomo 's overall position , because physically they are all stored on a single computer .
although each of its trading locations around the world maintains its own accounts records , these records can be consolidated in next to no time to [get] an accountant's-eye view of sumitomo 's overall position , because physically they are all stored on a single computer .

If investors need to obtain value from this investment within five years but after one year , the Royal Bank of Scotland will offer loans .
if investors need to [get] value from this investment within five years but after one year , the royal bank of scotland will offer loans .

Tyndall 's Managed Deposit Account gives corporate and individual investors the opportunity to obtain best money market rates of interest on their funds .
tyndall 's managed deposit account gives corporate and individual investors the opportunity to [get] best money market rates of interest on their funds .

This new legislation would create , in particular : a right for users of public services to restrain unlawful industrial action ; the provision of a right for union members to obtain more information on their unions ' financial affairs , including union leaders ' salaries ; protection against the use of what are called ‘ check-off ’ arrangements under which subscriptions to the union are deducted from the workers ' pay ; and greater freedom for people to join the union of their choice .
this new legislation would create , in particular : a right for users of public services to restrain unlawful industrial action ; the provision of a right for union members to [get] more information on their unions ' financial affairs , including union leaders ' salaries ; protection against the use of what are called ‘ check-off ’ arrangements under which subscriptions to the union are deducted from the workers ' pay ; and greater freedom for people to join the union of their choice .

The Commissioners awarded an initial penalty of £125 , as they were not satisfied that all reasonable steps had been taken to obtain the information .
the commissioners awarded an initial penalty of £125 , as they were not satisfied that all reasonable steps had been taken to [get] the information .

Most members are only too pleased to go through their professional lives without the need to obtain an intimate understanding of the way our professional conduct committees work .
most members are only too pleased to go through their professional lives without the need to [get] an intimate understanding of the way our professional conduct committees work .

Previously run on an informal basis by the universities , the Foundation hopes to ‘ obtain more grants so that it can stand alone ’ .
previously run on an informal basis by the universities , the foundation hopes to ‘ [get] more grants so that it can stand alone ’ .

Its approach will be to guarantee participating companies ' anonymity so as to obtain as much information as possible , to analyse companies ' experience in implementing the code , and to investigate other methods employed in furthering corporate governance .
its approach will be to guarantee participating companies ' anonymity so as to [get] as much information as possible , to analyse companies ' experience in implementing the code , and to investigate other methods employed in furthering corporate governance .

The bonds are often launched by smaller insurance companies to obtain instant , and large , funds ( once the target is reached the bond is withdrawn ) to finance rapid expansion .
the bonds are often launched by smaller insurance companies to [get] instant , and large , funds ( once the target is reached the bond is withdrawn ) to finance rapid expansion .

For accountants the position is aggravated in as much as , because of these enormous claims , adequate insurance cover is difficult to obtain and , if available , extremely expensive .
for accountants the position is aggravated in as much as , because of these enormous claims , adequate insurance cover is difficult to [get] and , if available , extremely expensive .

Auditors Price Waterhouse have qualified their audit report to members of Harland Simon ( design , manufacture and installation of control , automation and image processing systems ) because they have been unable to obtain direct confirmation of the beneficial ownership of a shareholding in Perfect Information Ltd .
auditors price waterhouse have qualified their audit report to members of harland simon ( design , manufacture and installation of control , automation and image processing systems ) because they have been unable to [get] direct confirmation of the beneficial ownership of a shareholding in perfect information ltd .

The police already know that they can obtain the necessary legal authority to require the practitioner to attend a court hearing and , if necessary , to examine his papers .
the police already know that they can [get] the necessary legal authority to require the practitioner to attend a court hearing and , if necessary , to examine his papers .

Should the police obtain an order enabling them to gain access to client papers the order usually specifies the client 's — the practitioner should be prepared to have the necessary files ready on the day they visit .
should the police [get] an order enabling them to gain access to client papers the order usually specifies the client 's — the practitioner should be prepared to have the necessary files ready on the day they visit .

It is one belief , for example , that a woman will obtain children if she walks around a sacred tree 108 times dally for 48 consecutive days .
it is one belief , for example , that a woman will [get] children if she walks around a sacred tree 108 times dally for 48 consecutive days .

Jina — meaning ‘ conqueror ’ in the sense of one who has conquered his own duality to obtain balance , liberation and wisdom .
jina — meaning ‘ conqueror ’ in the sense of one who has conquered his own duality to [get] balance , liberation and wisdom .

Though most cattle thefts were committed by Sinhalese , Tamil plantation workers occasionally stole an animal in order to obtain beef .
though most cattle thefts were committed by sinhalese , tamil plantation workers occasionally stole an animal in order to [get] beef .

Eventually they were able to obtain a small site in Bourdon Road , off Elmers End Road , not far from the old Oak Grove Road depôt and built a temporary sub-station using second-hand equipment .
eventually they were able to [get] a small site in bourdon road , off elmers end road , not far from the old oak grove road depôt and built a temporary sub-station using second-hand equipment .

Before work had been completed on the whole batch , it became clear that it might be cheaper to obtain replacement cars if any could be procured second-hand at a reasonable price .
before work had been completed on the whole batch , it became clear that it might be cheaper to [get] replacement cars if any could be procured second-hand at a reasonable price .

‘ Why should investors risk money when they could obtain 20 % returns from assured tenancy schemes with non-recourse loans and guaranteed by the bank ?
‘ why should investors risk money when they could [get] 20 % returns from assured tenancy schemes with non-recourse loans and guaranteed by the bank ?

One reason for switching attention to this relationship is the recognition that every head office/firmlet link imposes extra bureaucratic and motivational costs . Of all those who propose diversifications to obtain cost savings , how many estimate those savings net , after these extra costs ?
one reason for switching attention to this relationship is the recognition that every head office/firmlet link imposes extra bureaucratic and motivational costs . of all those who propose diversifications to [get] cost savings , how many estimate those savings net , after these extra costs ?

The final report emphasised support for the principle of collective responsibility of all directors for the governance of the company , and in particular extended the recommendation that there should be a procedure by which non-executives might obtain independent external professional advice to all directors , and made clear all directors should have the right to attend audit committee meetings .
the final report emphasised support for the principle of collective responsibility of all directors for the governance of the company , and in particular extended the recommendation that there should be a procedure by which non-executives might [get] independent external professional advice to all directors , and made clear all directors should have the right to attend audit committee meetings .

There is no special dispensation for accountants , but if the firm could obtain its own individual dispensation , this would be by far the best solution .
there is no special dispensation for accountants , but if the firm could [get] its own individual dispensation , this would be by far the best solution .

Reimbursement to obtain a lease .
reimbursement to [get] a lease .

In addition , disincorporation should be made easier because the commercial and fiscal environment has changed drastically since the 1960s when companies were ‘ well-advised to incorporate to obtain the benefits of limited liability and easier access to new finance ’ .
in addition , disincorporation should be made easier because the commercial and fiscal environment has changed drastically since the 1960s when companies were ‘ well-advised to incorporate to [get] the benefits of limited liability and easier access to new finance ’ .

All instruments issued by reporting entities which are a means of raising finance , including shares , debentures , loans and debt instruments , options and warrants which give the holder the right to subscribe for or obtain capital instruments .
all instruments issued by reporting entities which are a means of raising finance , including shares , debentures , loans and debt instruments , options and warrants which give the holder the right to subscribe for or [get] capital instruments .

The definition of capital instruments , given in paragraph 2 , includes all kinds of shares , debt instruments and options and warrants to obtain such instruments .
the definition of capital instruments , given in paragraph 2 , includes all kinds of shares , debt instruments and options and warrants to [get] such instruments .

Although the borrower is expected to meet the obligations of the debt out of his general resources , in the event of default the lender can only obtain repayment by enforcing his rights against the particular security which is identified in the loan agreement .
although the borrower is expected to meet the obligations of the debt out of his general resources , in the event of default the lender can only [get] repayment by enforcing his rights against the particular security which is identified in the loan agreement .

They have no claim on the company 's assets which ranks prior to any other claim , but obtain the exclusive right to any increase in the net assets .
they have no claim on the company 's assets which ranks prior to any other claim , but [get] the exclusive right to any increase in the net assets .

The tubers , bulbs or corms are the food organs from which the plants obtain their nourishment .
the tubers , bulbs or corms are the food organs from which the plants [get] their nourishment .

They are emphatically against making divorce more difficult to obtain and unsympathetic to the idea that society should do more to protect marriage .
they are emphatically against making divorce more difficult to [get] and unsympathetic to the idea that society should do more to protect marriage .

This is important if you are to gain a proper understanding of how to obtain the best results from your new machine , and it also contains some cautionary notes to help you avoid accidentally damaging it through misuse .
this is important if you are to gain a proper understanding of how to [get] the best results from your new machine , and it also contains some cautionary notes to help you avoid accidentally damaging it through misuse .

Macro focusing is generally done , not by the normal focus ring but by the zoom lever , and the adjustment needs to be done carefully to obtain maximum sharpness .
macro focusing is generally done , not by the normal focus ring but by the zoom lever , and the adjustment needs to be done carefully to [get] maximum sharpness .

For the electronically minded , the easiest method is to obtain a 25 Kohm volume control from a radio spares shop , mount this in a metal box to screen it from hum pick-up , and connect it into the audio dub line .
for the electronically minded , the easiest method is to [get] a 25 kohm volume control from a radio spares shop , mount this in a metal box to screen it from hum pick-up , and connect it into the audio dub line .

Obtain two video machines , one of which can be the camcorder .
[get] two video machines , one of which can be the camcorder .

It believes that audit committees and the obligatory rotation of audit partners may not go far enough to convince the public of their independence , and suggests that shareholders should be more involved in appointing auditors , determining the scope of the audit , and in the decision to obtain other services from the auditing firm .
it believes that audit committees and the obligatory rotation of audit partners may not go far enough to convince the public of their independence , and suggests that shareholders should be more involved in appointing auditors , determining the scope of the audit , and in the decision to [get] other services from the auditing firm .

Charities trustees can now obtain insurance protection from Frizzell Professional Indemnity ( 071-489 1888 ) .
charities trustees can now [get] insurance protection from frizzell professional indemnity ( 071-489 1888 ) .

Furthermore , to obtain the new mortgage , another mortgage indemnity premium would be payable , although this can usually be added to the new mortgage .
furthermore , to [get] the new mortgage , another mortgage indemnity premium would be payable , although this can usually be added to the new mortgage .

In these circumstances the company would be wise to obtain access to appropriate option pricing software to satisfy itself on pricing .
in these circumstances the company would be wise to [get] access to appropriate option pricing software to satisfy itself on pricing .

The Society of Practitioners of Insolvency 's technical director , Gerry Weiss , said that recent cases were making it easier for administrators to obtain and exchange information .
the society of practitioners of insolvency 's technical director , gerry weiss , said that recent cases were making it easier for administrators to [get] and exchange information .

For readers still able to afford a second home in Europe the most sensible advice is : do n't rush ; carefully study the conditions in the area chosen ; and obtain proper advice .
for readers still able to afford a second home in europe the most sensible advice is : do n't rush ; carefully study the conditions in the area chosen ; and [get] proper advice .

The Italian market ( Tuscany is the most popular region ) is much quieter , as it is difficult to obtain permission to build new properties or to alter old ones .
the italian market ( tuscany is the most popular region ) is much quieter , as it is difficult to [get] permission to build new properties or to alter old ones .

But lending institutions would be well advised to make a recommendation in writing to any surety ( who falls within the ‘ protected ’ class ) to take independent legal advice before signing a security ; this should accompany the security document when it is sent for signature ( a lender should not simply entrust the security to the debtor to obtain the surety 's signature ) .
but lending institutions would be well advised to make a recommendation in writing to any surety ( who falls within the ‘ protected ’ class ) to take independent legal advice before signing a security ; this should accompany the security document when it is sent for signature ( a lender should not simply entrust the security to the debtor to [get] the surety 's signature ) .

By this good turn the bishop won the hearts of all , and the people began to listen more readily to his teaching , hoping to obtain heavenly blessings through the ministry of one to whom they already owed these material benefits ; Eddius Stephanus then pointed out that those ungrateful enough not to convert willingly did so at the king 's command .
by this good turn the bishop won the hearts of all , and the people began to listen more readily to his teaching , hoping to [get] heavenly blessings through the ministry of one to whom they already owed these material benefits ; eddius stephanus then pointed out that those ungrateful enough not to convert willingly did so at the king 's command .

‘ His victims genuinely believed he could obtain goods at cheaper prices than they got from their usual outlets .
‘ his victims genuinely believed he could [get] goods at cheaper prices than they got from their usual outlets .

Married to a sickly wife , then having to cope as a widower with a daughter who suffered fits frequently , finding work difficult to obtain , Thomas Titford must have felt he had enough crosses to bear for one lifetime .
married to a sickly wife , then having to cope as a widower with a daughter who suffered fits frequently , finding work difficult to [get] , thomas titford must have felt he had enough crosses to bear for one lifetime .

Both men were also sentenced to two years ' imprisonment after admitting they had conspired to corruptly obtain a consideration from Mr Barrett .
both men were also sentenced to two years ' imprisonment after admitting they had conspired to corruptly [get] a consideration from mr barrett .

If you are intending to use your card regularly to obtain cash , it could therefore be advisable to put your account well into the black before going away , in order to avoid the high interest charges .
if you are intending to use your card regularly to [get] cash , it could therefore be advisable to put your account well into the black before going away , in order to avoid the high interest charges .

For instance , holders of the Royal Bank of Scotland 's cashline card can obtain pesetas from the Spanish Banco Santander , free of charge .
for instance , holders of the royal bank of scotland 's cashline card can [get] pesetas from the spanish banco santander , free of charge .

As the Investors Chronicle of 18 September pointed out , most building societies do not tell their savers when one of their accounts ceases to be marketed to new investors , even if the existing investor could obtain a much better rate of interest by switching to another account with the same society .
as the investors chronicle of 18 september pointed out , most building societies do not tell their savers when one of their accounts ceases to be marketed to new investors , even if the existing investor could [get] a much better rate of interest by switching to another account with the same society .

As a result , a number of companies have failed to obtain useful responses because of poorly drafted notices .
as a result , a number of companies have failed to [get] useful responses because of poorly drafted notices .

Mr Nicholas tried to obtain an order from the court for the purchase of his shares in Magnetics or that the company be wound up .
mr nicholas tried to [get] an order from the court for the purchase of his shares in magnetics or that the company be wound up .

Even when people could give money to relatives , it has never been obvious that they should do so , whatever other circumstances obtain .
even when people could give money to relatives , it has never been obvious that they should do so , whatever other circumstances [get] .

In a later elaboration of his perspective , Anderson argues more generally that kin relations must always be understood in terms of the kind of calculations people make , and this should provide the starting-point for any analysis : ‘ if we are to understand variations and patterns of kinship relationships , the only worthwhile approach is to consciously and explicitly investigate the manifold advantages and disadvantages that any actor can obtain from maintaining one relational pattern rather than another ’ ( Anderson , 1972 , p. 226 ) .
in a later elaboration of his perspective , anderson argues more generally that kin relations must always be understood in terms of the kind of calculations people make , and this should provide the starting-point for any analysis : ‘ if we are to understand variations and patterns of kinship relationships , the only worthwhile approach is to consciously and explicitly investigate the manifold advantages and disadvantages that any actor can [get] from maintaining one relational pattern rather than another ’ ( anderson , 1972 , p. 226 ) .

In this context job-related selection tests which have been properly validated can help obtain information from candidates and improve the objectivity of the recruitment process which will undoubtedly include interviews .
in this context job-related selection tests which have been properly validated can help [get] information from candidates and improve the objectivity of the recruitment process which will undoubtedly include interviews .

Section 25 of the Children Act 1989 requires local authorities to obtain a youth court order to hold a child in secure accommodation for more than 72 hours in any 28 day period .
section 25 of the children act 1989 requires local authorities to [get] a youth court order to hold a child in secure accommodation for more than 72 hours in any 28 day period .

To obtain full-length cDNA clones , we screened libraries prepared from bovine posterior pituitary , human fetal brain , human brain stem and rat pituitary .
to [get] full-length cdna clones , we screened libraries prepared from bovine posterior pituitary , human fetal brain , human brain stem and rat pituitary .

Similarly , we can obtain an estimate for the power spectrum on scales from bulk-flow studies .
similarly , we can [get] an estimate for the power spectrum on scales from bulk-flow studies .

Other equally valid fits might also be obtained by allowing the 18-day decay to depart from a pure exponential ; it would then be possible , for example , to obtain a solution in which the two asymptotic increases account for the whole of the increase in rotation rate .
other equally valid fits might also be obtained by allowing the 18-day decay to depart from a pure exponential ; it would then be possible , for example , to [get] a solution in which the two asymptotic increases account for the whole of the increase in rotation rate .

To obtain quantitative information from the mean and variance data requires the assumption of a more constrained model of the release process . We used a simple binomial model , for which
to [get] quantitative information from the mean and variance data requires the assumption of a more constrained model of the release process . we used a simple binomial model , for which

Flight importance categories are : ( 1 ) almost entirely terrestrial ; ( 2 ) largely terrestrial and feed while clambering , but fly between food patches ; ( 3 ) often rest but rely on aerial manoeuvrability to obtain food ; ( 4 ) largely aerial and feed on wing .
flight importance categories are : ( 1 ) almost entirely terrestrial ; ( 2 ) largely terrestrial and feed while clambering , but fly between food patches ; ( 3 ) often rest but rely on aerial manoeuvrability to [get] food ; ( 4 ) largely aerial and feed on wing .

But many individuals fail to pair early enough in the season to breed , and others fail to obtain mates .
but many individuals fail to pair early enough in the season to breed , and others fail to [get] mates .

To obtain accurate arrival times for the pulses , data were sampled at 80μs and folded to produce pulse profiles .
to [get] accurate arrival times for the pulses , data were sampled at 80μs and folded to produce pulse profiles .

The observed profiles were cross-correlated with a standard pulse profile appropriate for each radio frequency to obtain accurate pulse arrival times .
the observed profiles were cross-correlated with a standard pulse profile appropriate for each radio frequency to [get] accurate pulse arrival times .

In April he told the fifth session of the central commission that ‘ the consent of the Bishops will not be difficult to obtain and their approval will be unanimous ’ ( Rouquette , 1968 , p. 114 ) .
in april he told the fifth session of the central commission that ‘ the consent of the bishops will not be difficult to [get] and their approval will be unanimous ’ ( rouquette , 1968 , p. 114 ) .

Nevertheless , SSDs have somehow managed to obtain resources at a rate which is the envy of other local authority departments .
nevertheless , ssds have somehow managed to [get] resources at a rate which is the envy of other local authority departments .

This criticism is not mainly directed at universities and colleges , which would surely wish to appoint experience professionals who met their academic and teaching standards . But where could social workers obtain skills which would qualify them to teach social work ?
this criticism is not mainly directed at universities and colleges , which would surely wish to appoint experience professionals who met their academic and teaching standards . but where could social workers [get] skills which would qualify them to teach social work ?

Consideration of the nature of hypocrisy in Macbeth reinforces our awareness that Shakespeare connects it with all other forms of evil , the initial dissimulation leading to treason , regicide , and the never-ending chain of murder by which Macbeth destroys the whole of Scotland : Macbeth , having used fraud and force to obtain power , must now use force openly .
consideration of the nature of hypocrisy in macbeth reinforces our awareness that shakespeare connects it with all other forms of evil , the initial dissimulation leading to treason , regicide , and the never-ending chain of murder by which macbeth destroys the whole of scotland : macbeth , having used fraud and force to [get] power , must now use force openly .

Yet , of course , electric heating remained attractive to consumers ( most of whom by then had fires or , if the Boards refused to sell them , could obtain them from other shops ) .
yet , of course , electric heating remained attractive to consumers ( most of whom by then had fires or , if the boards refused to sell them , could [get] them from other shops ) .

Patronage was necessary , because it was expected that the member of parliament should be able to obtain it , a fact which goes a long way towards explaining the close links between so many Scots members of parliament and administration . The politician 's dilemma has never been better stated than by George Dempster in a letter which he wrote to Sir Adam Fergusson in 1783 :
patronage was necessary , because it was expected that the member of parliament should be able to [get] it , a fact which goes a long way towards explaining the close links between so many scots members of parliament and administration . the politician 's dilemma has never been better stated than by george dempster in a letter which he wrote to sir adam fergusson in 1783 :

As it turned out , the government moved too slowly , for Campbell of Ardkinglas was unable to obtain a revenue office in sufficient time , and the laird of Balfunning voted with the Montrose party in the election of 1734 .
as it turned out , the government moved too slowly , for campbell of ardkinglas was unable to [get] a revenue office in sufficient time , and the laird of balfunning voted with the montrose party in the election of 1734 .

In order to secure Moses Buchanan 's vote , Sir James Campbell of Ardkinglas was induced to give a bond of £140 Sterling , to be forfeited if the candidate failed to obtain the desired office upon McCure 's death .
in order to secure moses buchanan 's vote , sir james campbell of ardkinglas was induced to give a bond of £140 sterling , to be forfeited if the candidate failed to [get] the desired office upon mccure 's death .

The ability to obtain some patronage during an election contest was often essential to success , for it was not uncommon for every candidate in a crowded field to claim to be a friend of the administration in power .
the ability to [get] some patronage during an election contest was often essential to success , for it was not uncommon for every candidate in a crowded field to claim to be a friend of the administration in power .

In 1749 , for example , Lord Panmure was asked to obtain a small revenue post of tide waiter for a brother of one of the Angus freeholders .
in 1749 , for example , lord panmure was asked to [get] a small revenue post of tide waiter for a brother of one of the angus freeholders .

On occasion a member of parliament might be asked to obtain a sinecure , a nominal place which would provide income without the necessity of having to do anything to earn it .
on occasion a member of parliament might be asked to [get] a sinecure , a nominal place which would provide income without the necessity of having to do anything to earn it .

In 1789 , for example , an unsigned letter received by Sir Thomas Dundas advised the member of parliament that a Mr. Glen , a freeholder of Stirlingshire , would be greatly obliged if he could obtain introductions to colonels of regiments who might be induced to give the enterprising Mr. Glen the clothing contracts for their units .
in 1789 , for example , an unsigned letter received by sir thomas dundas advised the member of parliament that a mr. glen , a freeholder of stirlingshire , would be greatly obliged if he could [get] introductions to colonels of regiments who might be induced to give the enterprising mr. glen the clothing contracts for their units .

The captain and the chief and second mates received cargo allotments of value , but officers of junior rank were unlikely to make very substantial profits , even if they were not forced to share their allocation of cargo space with the commander in order to obtain a place at all .
the captain and the chief and second mates received cargo allotments of value , but officers of junior rank were unlikely to make very substantial profits , even if they were not forced to share their allocation of cargo space with the commander in order to [get] a place at all .

In contrast , those lucky enough to obtain a place in the East India Company 's own service could anticipate a reasonable career without the necessity of further patronage , even though , without question , a servant of the Company whose career was watched by a great man would rise more rapidly .
in contrast , those lucky enough to [get] a place in the east india company 's own service could anticipate a reasonable career without the necessity of further patronage , even though , without question , a servant of the company whose career was watched by a great man would rise more rapidly .

Interest was needed to obtain any office , but all too often it was also required to rise in rank thereafter , and something more than the ‘ ability and character ’ mentioned by Scott would be needed to take the junior clerk to the headship of a department .
interest was needed to [get] any office , but all too often it was also required to rise in rank thereafter , and something more than the ‘ ability and character ’ mentioned by scott would be needed to take the junior clerk to the headship of a department .

The applicant , who was strongly connected to the voters of Angus , sought Panmure 's assistance to obtain a post of inspector of customs for his son , Robert Fullerton , who had served for five years as clerk of the customs and had acted as inspector when some of these officers were under suspension .
the applicant , who was strongly connected to the voters of angus , sought panmure 's assistance to [get] a post of inspector of customs for his son , robert fullerton , who had served for five years as clerk of the customs and had acted as inspector when some of these officers were under suspension .

Political power was signified to the inhabitants of a burgh by the ability of a dominant faction to place its friends in the local revenue offices , and equally , by their ability to obtain the removal of their enemies among the office holders .
political power was signified to the inhabitants of a burgh by the ability of a dominant faction to place its friends in the local revenue offices , and equally , by their ability to [get] the removal of their enemies among the office holders .

When a voter who had an interest in securing a revenue place for a friend learned of an opportunity , he would invariably press the member of parliament strongly to obtain it .
when a voter who had an interest in securing a revenue place for a friend learned of an opportunity , he would invariably press the member of parliament strongly to [get] it .

The provost and council of St. Andrews , who were never slow to seek patronage of any type , had asked Scott to obtain the placement of a supervisor in the list of candidates for a collectorship .
the provost and council of st. andrews , who were never slow to seek patronage of any type , had asked scott to [get] the placement of a supervisor in the list of candidates for a collectorship .

Many Scots were attracted by the possibility of earning their living with their swords , in spite of the fact that this was not a particularly attractive career in an age when advancement in rank was frequently purchased and promotion hard to obtain without both private means and interest .
many scots were attracted by the possibility of earning their living with their swords , in spite of the fact that this was not a particularly attractive career in an age when advancement in rank was frequently purchased and promotion hard to [get] without both private means and interest .

On the other hand , entry into commissioned rank in those corps was hard to obtain without significant political interest .
on the other hand , entry into commissioned rank in those corps was hard to [get] without significant political interest .

The appointment , however , was impossible to obtain , because it depended upon the Master General of the Ordnance , Lord Mulgrave , with whom Lord Keith had no influence .
the appointment , however , was impossible to [get] , because it depended upon the master general of the ordnance , lord mulgrave , with whom lord keith had no influence .

In short , the town of Inverkeithing was determined by the arrival of a letter from Count Nassau promising that Lieutenant Cuningham should obtain the next company of infantry which fell vacant , and at the same time requesting support for one of the candidates for the parliamentary election .
in short , the town of inverkeithing was determined by the arrival of a letter from count nassau promising that lieutenant cuningham should [get] the next company of infantry which fell vacant , and at the same time requesting support for one of the candidates for the parliamentary election .

But if appointment as a lord of session was major patronage at any period in Scotland 's history , there was in the eighteenth century considerable demand for any post which could make use of legal education , for there is some reason to believe that the country was oversupplied with lawyers in view of the desperate efforts which some of them made to obtain a salaried post , no matter how minor .
but if appointment as a lord of session was major patronage at any period in scotland 's history , there was in the eighteenth century considerable demand for any post which could make use of legal education , for there is some reason to believe that the country was oversupplied with lawyers in view of the desperate efforts which some of them made to [get] a salaried post , no matter how minor .

James Graham 's solution was to suggest that the Duke of Montrose dismiss William Weir , but that was easier said than done , for Weir had been appointed in order to oblige one of Montrose 's friends , and James Graham had not made a solution any easier to obtain by promising his substitute that Woodrop should have the appointment of procurator-fiscal to give as he chose .
james graham 's solution was to suggest that the duke of montrose dismiss william weir , but that was easier said than done , for weir had been appointed in order to oblige one of montrose 's friends , and james graham had not made a solution any easier to [get] by promising his substitute that woodrop should have the appointment of procurator-fiscal to give as he chose .

The duke 's attitude is made plain in a letter which he wrote to Mungo Graeme of Gorthie in 1737 when asked to obtain a church for a brother of a Graham laird , who was one of the most active members of the Montrose interest .
the duke 's attitude is made plain in a letter which he wrote to mungo graeme of gorthie in 1737 when asked to [get] a church for a brother of a graham laird , who was one of the most active members of the montrose interest .

Mrs. Campbell insisted that Lord Milton should go over Sir James Campbell 's head and obtain a crown presentation , for ‘ if Bruce be our Minister the whole session will demit and a great division will be in the parish ’ .
mrs. campbell insisted that lord milton should go over sir james campbell 's head and [get] a crown presentation , for ‘ if bruce be our minister the whole session will demit and a great division will be in the parish ’ .

In 1783 , for example , when a vacancy arose in the parish of Campsie , almost all of the heritors were united with the body of inhabitants of the parish in favour of a Mr. Burns to be their minister , and they requested Sir Thomas Dundas , then the county member , to obtain a presentation .
in 1783 , for example , when a vacancy arose in the parish of campsie , almost all of the heritors were united with the body of inhabitants of the parish in favour of a mr. burns to be their minister , and they requested sir thomas dundas , then the county member , to [get] a presentation .

The office of collector , however , was not like other forms of employment in the period , an asset to a politician able to obtain it .
the office of collector , however , was not like other forms of employment in the period , an asset to a politician able to [get] it .

Both the phosphorylation of receptors and their absence means that it takes more of the drug to obtain the same effect .
both the phosphorylation of receptors and their absence means that it takes more of the drug to [get] the same effect .

Thankfully the restorers have been in a position to obtain help from local industry and many items came cheaper than they had originally anticipated .
thankfully the restorers have been in a position to [get] help from local industry and many items came cheaper than they had originally anticipated .

After spending considerable effort getting the boiler back into working order it was important to give it a steam test , obtain an insurance certificate and get it back on the chassis so that it could be used to haul trains .
after spending considerable effort getting the boiler back into working order it was important to give it a steam test , [get] an insurance certificate and get it back on the chassis so that it could be used to haul trains .

This letter was only the beginning of a case with a long history , and by piecing together a number of disjointed fragments of information we can obtain an unusually clear picture of the sequence of events and of Anselm 's reactions to them .
this letter was only the beginning of a case with a long history , and by piecing together a number of disjointed fragments of information we can [get] an unusually clear picture of the sequence of events and of anselm 's reactions to them .

He agreed to go to Rome himself to try to obtain an acceptable solution .
he agreed to go to rome himself to try to [get] an acceptable solution .

Ten years after Anselm 's death , when the tide of criticism was running strongly against Anselm at Canterbury for his failure to obtain a secure basis for the primatial claims , Eadmer thought it his best praise that he had allowed the monks to manage their own affairs .
ten years after anselm 's death , when the tide of criticism was running strongly against anselm at canterbury for his failure to [get] a secure basis for the primatial claims , eadmer thought it his best praise that he had allowed the monks to manage their own affairs .

Anyone wishing to obtain a ticket refund should call the Mean Fiddler Credit Card Hotline
anyone wishing to [get] a ticket refund should call the mean fiddler credit card hotline

It became essential to obtain an accurate estimate of just how many tigers were left .
it became essential to [get] an accurate estimate of just how many tigers were left .

In addition , as they age , they are more likely to become disabled , and therefore to obtain more support from the state in the shape of free or subsidized health or social services .
in addition , as they age , they are more likely to become disabled , and therefore to [get] more support from the state in the shape of free or subsidized health or social services .

As we shall demonstrate , the effect of the interaction of these various factors is that for some kinds of service , the elderly living alone obtain more support from the state than those living in other types of household .
as we shall demonstrate , the effect of the interaction of these various factors is that for some kinds of service , the elderly living alone [get] more support from the state than those living in other types of household .

If statutory support-services were channelled to those who were the most disabled , one would expect from these results to find that the elderly living with others would obtain more of them than elderly married couples or the elderly living alone .
if statutory support-services were channelled to those who were the most disabled , one would expect from these results to find that the elderly living with others would [get] more of them than elderly married couples or the elderly living alone .

The conclusions which can be drawn from this examination of the use of state-funded welfare services by elderly people are that the ‘ older ’ among them obtain much more help than the ‘ younger ’ , primarily because , on average , they are much more disabled .
the conclusions which can be drawn from this examination of the use of state-funded welfare services by elderly people are that the ‘ older ’ among them [get] much more help than the ‘ younger ’ , primarily because , on average , they are much more disabled .

The latter — that is , those living with spouses and with younger people — are most likely to obtain support from those living with them and little from the state .
the latter — that is , those living with spouses and with younger people — are most likely to [get] support from those living with them and little from the state .

, forthcoming ) seems to imply that it will become increasingly difficult for those over retirement age to obtain any paid work with which to supplement their pension .
, forthcoming ) seems to imply that it will become increasingly difficult for those over retirement age to [get] any paid work with which to supplement their pension .

This month , Olga stresses the importance of good technique and how we can obtain it .
this month , olga stresses the importance of good technique and how we can [get] it .

Details of how to obtain pamphlets and membership information can be obtained from Charter 88 .
details of how to [get] pamphlets and membership information can be obtained from charter 88 .

We had all been promised that the National Lottery money would be additional to what we receive and that there would been linkage to the funds we will obtain if all goes well and the Lottery Bill goes through Parliament in the next few months .
we had all been promised that the national lottery money would be additional to what we receive and that there would been linkage to the funds we will [get] if all goes well and the lottery bill goes through parliament in the next few months .

To obtain further details of the two runs by No. 777 write to ‘ After Dark Railtours ’ , enclosing a self addressed and stamped envelope .
to [get] further details of the two runs by no. 777 write to ‘ after dark railtours ’ , enclosing a self addressed and stamped envelope .

It took the Croatian archaeologists almost a year to obtain permission to get into the Barbariga military base .
it took the croatian archaeologists almost a year to [get] permission to get into the barbariga military base .

Diana de Moutis , entrusted with the sale of ‘ La Celestine ’ by its owner Georges Pellequer , contacted Didier Imbert in 1986 in the hope he could help her obtain an export licence .
diana de moutis , entrusted with the sale of ‘ la celestine ’ by its owner georges pellequer , contacted didier imbert in 1986 in the hope he could help her [get] an export licence .

Watercolourists who incorporate colour lifting and removal techniques into their paintings will obtain better results with a paper that is sized consistently throughout the sheet .
watercolourists who incorporate colour lifting and removal techniques into their paintings will [get] better results with a paper that is sized consistently throughout the sheet .

You can , however , obtain some charming colour effects on a tinted background .
you can , however , [get] some charming colour effects on a tinted background .

To help in this , we asked Paul Ingouf if it would be possible for him to obtain maps and plans of the Harbour , and to mark the spot where the aircraft crashed .
to help in this , we asked paul ingouf if it would be possible for him to [get] maps and plans of the harbour , and to mark the spot where the aircraft crashed .

At the very least , if the best conditions for improvement were to obtain , they saw the need to ensure that illegal importations did not occur and that it was valuable to have information which would allow a judgement as to whether the slave population was increasing .
at the very least , if the best conditions for improvement were to [get] , they saw the need to ensure that illegal importations did not occur and that it was valuable to have information which would allow a judgement as to whether the slave population was increasing .

Slaves were to obtain freedom , missionaries black souls , British consumers cheaper sugar , manufacturers and traders new markets in other sugar producing areas benefiting from the ending of the West Indian monopoly and , did they but realise it , slave-owners themselves were to benefit not only in terms of possible compensation but through being forced to become more efficient and to modernise their operations .
slaves were to [get] freedom , missionaries black souls , british consumers cheaper sugar , manufacturers and traders new markets in other sugar producing areas benefiting from the ending of the west indian monopoly and , did they but realise it , slave-owners themselves were to benefit not only in terms of possible compensation but through being forced to become more efficient and to modernise their operations .

In addition , reformers tried to obtain antislavery pledges from parliamentary candidates or MPs and at critical moments called national conferences to shadow parliamentary deliberations .
in addition , reformers tried to [get] antislavery pledges from parliamentary candidates or mps and at critical moments called national conferences to shadow parliamentary deliberations .

In most cases tropical waterlilies are purchased from specialist nurseries that remove plants from the tuber in early summer , but on occasions it is possible to obtain tubers that have just started to come into growth earlier in the year .
in most cases tropical waterlilies are purchased from specialist nurseries that remove plants from the tuber in early summer , but on occasions it is possible to [get] tubers that have just started to come into growth earlier in the year .

Should you have several tanks of differing depths then you could obtain jars of different sizes but with similar sized lids .
should you have several tanks of differing depths then you could [get] jars of different sizes but with similar sized lids .

At the garden centre you can obtain bags of granite chippings that can also be used as decor for the aquarium base , although it is no use where high turnover undergravel filtration is in use as it soon blocks and becomes covered in a blanket of waste matter .
at the garden centre you can [get] bags of granite chippings that can also be used as decor for the aquarium base , although it is no use where high turnover undergravel filtration is in use as it soon blocks and becomes covered in a blanket of waste matter .

Is it possible to obtain the materials to re-silver a mirror ?
is it possible to [get] the materials to re-silver a mirror ?

It is possible to obtain a kind of flow chart automatically as it were by using successive photographs of operator positions on the same photographic plate .
it is possible to [get] a kind of flow chart automatically as it were by using successive photographs of operator positions on the same photographic plate .

The first does attempt to obtain a value , the second remains essentially a cost and not a value .
the first does attempt to [get] a value , the second remains essentially a cost and not a value .

Assess the interviewee under various headings to obtain a comparable profile score .
assess the interviewee under various headings to [get] a comparable profile score .

Obtain all the relevant factual data ( biography and testscores ) before the final interview .
[get] all the relevant factual data ( biography and testscores ) before the final interview .

The questions must avoid ambiguities which is not as easy as it might seem , it is desirable to obtain several opinions about the interpretation of each question from the same kind of people as those who will be in the survey .
the questions must avoid ambiguities which is not as easy as it might seem , it is desirable to [get] several opinions about the interpretation of each question from the same kind of people as those who will be in the survey .

Emphasizing the applications and relevance of science : To obtain a major qualitative improvement to recruitment in science with more girls and with students possessing imaginative , flexible minds it would be necessary to make science appealing to boys and girls at the moratorium stage .
emphasizing the applications and relevance of science : to [get] a major qualitative improvement to recruitment in science with more girls and with students possessing imaginative , flexible minds it would be necessary to make science appealing to boys and girls at the moratorium stage .

In other words , without it one can not explain why at the present time there is a maldistribution of world wealth and income such that the countries of the Northern hemisphere contain only 25 per cent of the world 's population but obtain 80 per cent of the world 's income , while the countries of the South contain 75 per cent of the world 's population but obtain only 20 per cent of the world 's income .
in other words , without it one can not explain why at the present time there is a maldistribution of world wealth and income such that the countries of the northern hemisphere contain only 25 per cent of the world 's population but [get] 80 per cent of the world 's income , while the countries of the south contain 75 per cent of the world 's population but [get] only 20 per cent of the world 's income .

Most studies focus on school achievement , but this may be misleading because there is evidence to suggest that Afro-Caribbean and Asian students are more likely than white students to stay on in further education and some do manage to obtain academic qualifications that had eluded them at school ( Craft and Craft , 1983 ) , while one investigation suggests that young black people in inner city areas had gained better academic qualifications than white youth in the same areas ( Roberts , Duggan and Noble , 1983 ) , a finding borne out more generally by some other studies ( Brown , 1984 ) .
most studies focus on school achievement , but this may be misleading because there is evidence to suggest that afro-caribbean and asian students are more likely than white students to stay on in further education and some do manage to [get] academic qualifications that had eluded them at school ( craft and craft , 1983 ) , while one investigation suggests that young black people in inner city areas had gained better academic qualifications than white youth in the same areas ( roberts , duggan and noble , 1983 ) , a finding borne out more generally by some other studies ( brown , 1984 ) .

If they can prevent frustration with the crotchety old Ghost from driving them to violence , they could obtain some very useful information from him .
if they can prevent frustration with the crotchety old ghost from driving them to violence , they could [get] some very useful information from him .

It was , however , possible to obtain either partial or total remission of one 's time in purgatory through the acquisition of indulgences .
it was , however , possible to [get] either partial or total remission of one 's time in purgatory through the acquisition of indulgences .

During these same months , Henry was also pursuing an alternative strategy to obtain the annulment by sending his agents to rifle through archives in England and on the continent in the hope of uncovering precedents to support his claim that the pope had no right of judgment over his marriage .
during these same months , henry was also pursuing an alternative strategy to [get] the annulment by sending his agents to rifle through archives in england and on the continent in the hope of uncovering precedents to support his claim that the pope had no right of judgment over his marriage .

House owners who are considering having an intruder alarm system installed should obtain specifications and costings from at least three installers .
house owners who are considering having an intruder alarm system installed should [get] specifications and costings from at least three installers .

Ordinary people regularly broke the rules and resorted to bribery if they could get away with it to obtain essentials or medical care , but then their corruption was a sign of independence asserted against the system , whereas Manescu 's was typical of a deep inner decay of the system .
ordinary people regularly broke the rules and resorted to bribery if they could get away with it to [get] essentials or medical care , but then their corruption was a sign of independence asserted against the system , whereas manescu 's was typical of a deep inner decay of the system .

Its aim was to deceive the West and to obtain key political , military and technological secrets which he intended to share with the Soviet Union .
its aim was to deceive the west and to [get] key political , military and technological secrets which he intended to share with the soviet union .

It is still possible , however , to obtain boots already supplied ) .
it is still possible , however , to [get] boots already supplied ) .

Or the sixteen per cent who are confirmed , or the five per cent who take the trouble to obtain and return a completed electoral roll form , or the four per cent who fulfil a basic ‘ membership ’ requirement of taking communion at Easter ?
or the sixteen per cent who are confirmed , or the five per cent who take the trouble to [get] and return a completed electoral roll form , or the four per cent who fulfil a basic ‘ membership ’ requirement of taking communion at easter ?

And not one look obtain ,
and not one look [get] ,

First , she would find a local solicitor and recount the events to him and , second , both would return to Belfast to obtain advice and help .
first , she would find a local solicitor and recount the events to him and , second , both would return to belfast to [get] advice and help .

In the event of such disclosure will obtain from such third parties ' duly binding agreements to maintain in confidence the information to be disclosed to the same extent at least as is so bound hereunder .
in the event of such disclosure will [get] from such third parties ' duly binding agreements to maintain in confidence the information to be disclosed to the same extent at least as is so bound hereunder .

5.3 The Proprietor agrees that the Publisher may amend and alter the Proprietor 's Work supplied to the Publisher in such manner as the Publisher may reasonably consider necessary and the Publisher agrees to discuss any substantial changes with the Proprietor and to obtain the Proprietor 's consent to such substantial changes , which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld by the Proprietor .
5.3 the proprietor agrees that the publisher may amend and alter the proprietor 's work supplied to the publisher in such manner as the publisher may reasonably consider necessary and the publisher agrees to discuss any substantial changes with the proprietor and to [get] the proprietor 's consent to such substantial changes , which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld by the proprietor .

3.12 shall obtain the prior written approval of for :
3.12 shall [get] the prior written approval of for :

to obtain any necessary Government Censors ' clearance for the Videos ,
to [get] any necessary government censors ' clearance for the videos ,

in so far as Cooperation is fundamentally opposed to the existing economic basis of society , this meeting of Stratford Cooperators consider it desirable , in order to fully organise and obtain the best results from their political acts , that the advisory committee be instructed to enter into negotiations and act in conjunction with the Trades Council and Labour Representation Committees in the area covered by this Society 's operations .
in so far as cooperation is fundamentally opposed to the existing economic basis of society , this meeting of stratford cooperators consider it desirable , in order to fully organise and [get] the best results from their political acts , that the advisory committee be instructed to enter into negotiations and act in conjunction with the trades council and labour representation committees in the area covered by this society 's operations .

The technique was used to obtain exact representations of botanical and natural history specimens ( and even of textiles ) from the objects and materials themselves .
the technique was used to [get] exact representations of botanical and natural history specimens ( and even of textiles ) from the objects and materials themselves .

He was also astute enough to obtain a twenty-one year lease from Oxford University for their printing privilege .
he was also astute enough to [get] a twenty-one year lease from oxford university for their printing privilege .

Curiously he comes out as another kind of social engineer who tries to show people that granted their fundamental motives ( to obtain a range of pleasures and avoid a range of pains ) they will do best to act rightly ( in terms of the general happiness ) .
curiously he comes out as another kind of social engineer who tries to show people that granted their fundamental motives ( to [get] a range of pleasures and avoid a range of pains ) they will do best to act rightly ( in terms of the general happiness ) .

Much was owed to the small Radical party , which collected the necessary 500,000 signatures to obtain a referendum on the issue .
much was owed to the small radical party , which collected the necessary 500,000 signatures to [get] a referendum on the issue .

What do we think about this increased reporting ? Is it good that rape is now reported , and its existence no longer denied ? Is this coming into the open of crimes against women useful in assisting reforms in this area ? Or are the stereotypes of rape portrayed by the press so narrow and unusual that they hinder the process of effective intervention by the state and others . Does the reporting raise women 's fear of crime ? In a society where many women are afraid to walk alone at night does this increase in reporting increase women 's fear still further ? Do the rape reports encourage further rapes , by providing information to potential rapists ? Does the pornographic nature of some of the reports encourage attitudes which facilitate rape ? Given that we have so little information about rape , does the increased press reporting , given its restricted nature , hinder the chance of a raped woman getting a fair ‘ trial ’ ? Are juries increasingly inhibited from convicting men who are different from this stereotype ? Does the press narrow popular conceptions of rape and make it more difficult for raped women to obtain justice ? If the reports do contribute negatively , what should be done about it ? Should they be compulsorily edited so as to be accurate and balanced , that is censored ? Or is this going too far and risks losing more , in terms of freedom of speech , than we would gain ?
what do we think about this increased reporting ? is it good that rape is now reported , and its existence no longer denied ? is this coming into the open of crimes against women useful in assisting reforms in this area ? or are the stereotypes of rape portrayed by the press so narrow and unusual that they hinder the process of effective intervention by the state and others . does the reporting raise women 's fear of crime ? in a society where many women are afraid to walk alone at night does this increase in reporting increase women 's fear still further ? do the rape reports encourage further rapes , by providing information to potential rapists ? does the pornographic nature of some of the reports encourage attitudes which facilitate rape ? given that we have so little information about rape , does the increased press reporting , given its restricted nature , hinder the chance of a raped woman getting a fair ‘ trial ’ ? are juries increasingly inhibited from convicting men who are different from this stereotype ? does the press narrow popular conceptions of rape and make it more difficult for raped women to [get] justice ? if the reports do contribute negatively , what should be done about it ? should they be compulsorily edited so as to be accurate and balanced , that is censored ? or is this going too far and risks losing more , in terms of freedom of speech , than we would gain ?

They are more difficult to obtain than condoms , so you may find cutting a condom in half a useful alternative .
they are more difficult to [get] than condoms , so you may find cutting a condom in half a useful alternative .

remember there is no obligation to tell anyone ; but you may decide that you need to do so in order to obtain their support , or access to certain facilities .
remember there is no obligation to tell anyone ; but you may decide that you need to do so in order to [get] their support , or access to certain facilities .

You can obtain advice on housing problems from The Terrence Higgins Trust and other organisations listed in the appendix .
you can [get] advice on housing problems from the terrence higgins trust and other organisations listed in the appendix .

He had to obtain results .
he had to [get] results .

If you have , or expect to obtain in 1991 , a good honours degree or equivalent in electrical , electronic or radio engineering , communications , computer science , mathematics or physics , then we would like to hear from you . We are currently looking for trainees in the following areas :
if you have , or expect to [get] in 1991 , a good honours degree or equivalent in electrical , electronic or radio engineering , communications , computer science , mathematics or physics , then we would like to hear from you . we are currently looking for trainees in the following areas :

You must have , or expect to obtain in 1991 , a good honours degree or higher qualification in a scientific , engineering , mathematical or computing discipline .
you must have , or expect to [get] in 1991 , a good honours degree or higher qualification in a scientific , engineering , mathematical or computing discipline .

Applicants should possess or expect to obtain shortly a good Honours Degree in Mathematics .
applicants should possess or expect to [get] shortly a good honours degree in mathematics .

Applicants should have , or expect to obtain , a good honours degree ( or its equivalent ) in chemistry , biochemistry or other relevant biological science by that date .
applicants should have , or expect to [get] , a good honours degree ( or its equivalent ) in chemistry , biochemistry or other relevant biological science by that date .

Applicants should have , or expect to obtain , a good honours degree ( or its equivalent ) either in Physics or with Physics as a principal subject by that date .
applicants should have , or expect to [get] , a good honours degree ( or its equivalent ) either in physics or with physics as a principal subject by that date .

You must have , or be able to obtain a full driving licence .
you must have , or be able to [get] a full driving licence .

It can be expensive to provide and difficult to obtain at short notice , and has the disadvantage of not being readily available in ordinary schools .
it can be expensive to provide and difficult to [get] at short notice , and has the disadvantage of not being readily available in ordinary schools .

From the Frasque , they thought , their leaders might obtain the t vin secrets of social control and personal immortality : two valuable aids to peaceful and effective administration .
from the frasque , they thought , their leaders might [get] the t vin secrets of social control and personal immortality : two valuable aids to peaceful and effective administration .

This is often impossible to obtain , however , as many of the torture techniques leave few visible injuries , or only superficial injuries which disappear during the long period in police custody .
this is often impossible to [get] , however , as many of the torture techniques leave few visible injuries , or only superficial injuries which disappear during the long period in police custody .

The short-term objectives of the network are to raise women 's awareness of their image in the mass media , to obtain relevant information from research and networking that would motivate women to lobby for change , and to equip women with specific skills that would help build and strengthen alternative communication for and by women .
the short-term objectives of the network are to raise women 's awareness of their image in the mass media , to [get] relevant information from research and networking that would motivate women to lobby for change , and to equip women with specific skills that would help build and strengthen alternative communication for and by women .

Be calm and firm throughout so that there is no question of the dog interpreting your anger as excitement , and striving to obtain more attention by this means .
be calm and firm throughout so that there is no question of the dog interpreting your anger as excitement , and striving to [get] more attention by this means .

You can obtain suitable tablets for this from your vet and most pet shops .
you can [get] suitable tablets for this from your vet and most pet shops .

Try to obtain recommendations for a good kennel in your area , either from breeders or possibly your vet .
try to [get] recommendations for a good kennel in your area , either from breeders or possibly your vet .

the analysis could be damagingly influenced by the ‘ folk ’ theories about violence which obtain in the analyst 's lay culture .
the analysis could be damagingly influenced by the ‘ folk ’ theories about violence which [get] in the analyst 's lay culture .

The predatory spirits , finally , obtain human flesh by invading human territory and seizing , through force , what they have not produced .
the predatory spirits , finally , [get] human flesh by invading human territory and seizing , through force , what they have not produced .

Primate tool use has been studied by anthropologists in the hope that it might tell us something about our own evolution ; by psychologists trying to obtain a better understanding of problem solving and intelligence ; and by animal behaviourists simply because the use of tools among wild primates is part of their natural repertoire of behaviour .
primate tool use has been studied by anthropologists in the hope that it might tell us something about our own evolution ; by psychologists trying to [get] a better understanding of problem solving and intelligence ; and by animal behaviourists simply because the use of tools among wild primates is part of their natural repertoire of behaviour .

In the first , only the largest males obtain a female .
in the first , only the largest males [get] a female .

Those that taste unpleasant obtain their ‘ flavour ’ from the plants they eat .
those that taste unpleasant [get] their ‘ flavour ’ from the plants they eat .

They obtain their unpleasant flavour from the milkweed plant .
they [get] their unpleasant flavour from the milkweed plant .

Females that have struggled to obtain enough food throughout the winter and emerge in spring in poor condition , may fail to conceive , or may give birth to a weak and sickly kid .
females that have struggled to [get] enough food throughout the winter and emerge in spring in poor condition , may fail to conceive , or may give birth to a weak and sickly kid .

Hunters must obtain a permit and there are bag limits on the numbers of goats that can be shot .
hunters must [get] a permit and there are bag limits on the numbers of goats that can be shot .

This difference in size between the sexes has evolved because males have to fight in order to obtain and maintain a harem , and bigger males are better fighters .
this difference in size between the sexes has evolved because males have to fight in order to [get] and maintain a harem , and bigger males are better fighters .

And the very opposite processes obtain : instead of cold rock being forced down , hot rock springs up to fill the void between the two separating plates .
and the very opposite processes [get] : instead of cold rock being forced down , hot rock springs up to fill the void between the two separating plates .

In extremis we can obtain new progenoids slowly through testslaves .
in extremis we can [get] new progenoids slowly through testslaves .

As camouflage they must obtain local clothing .
as camouflage they must [get] local clothing .

For example , if the proton-neutron mass difference were not about twice the mass of the electron , one would not obtain the couple of hundred or so stable nucleides that make up the elements and are the basis of chemistry and biology .
for example , if the proton-neutron mass difference were not about twice the mass of the electron , one would not [get] the couple of hundred or so stable nucleides that make up the elements and are the basis of chemistry and biology .

These seem to have the curious property that , although they can move fairly freely within a hadron , it appears to be impossible to obtain just one quark on its own ; they always come either in groups of three ( like the proton or neutron ) or in pairs consisting of a quark and antiquark ( like the pi meson ) .
these seem to have the curious property that , although they can move fairly freely within a hadron , it appears to be impossible to [get] just one quark on its own ; they always come either in groups of three ( like the proton or neutron ) or in pairs consisting of a quark and antiquark ( like the pi meson ) .

Another is that gravity does not seem to be renormalizable ; in order to obtain finite answers , it seems that one may have to make an infinite number of infinite subtractions with a correspondingly infinite number of undetermined finite remainders .
another is that gravity does not seem to be renormalizable ; in order to [get] finite answers , it seems that one may have to make an infinite number of infinite subtractions with a correspondingly infinite number of undetermined finite remainders .

Yet one must include gravity if one is to obtain a fully unified theory .
yet one must include gravity if one is to [get] a fully unified theory .

In this way , one could obtain a model of the universe that continued forever in the same state .
in this way , one could [get] a model of the universe that continued forever in the same state .

However , the builder may be expected to make some contribution towards travelling time and costs where he has failed to obtain suitable sub-contract labour within the vicinity of the site and a subcontractor is requested to travel an excessive distance .
however , the builder may be expected to make some contribution towards travelling time and costs where he has failed to [get] suitable sub-contract labour within the vicinity of the site and a subcontractor is requested to travel an excessive distance .

If they are able to ’ overdraw ’ on their payments , or to obtain improved rates on other sites , they may withdraw their labour without notice .
if they are able to ’ overdraw ’ on their payments , or to [get] improved rates on other sites , they may withdraw their labour without notice .

Sub-contract labour may be hard to obtain for certain types of work : for example , small works where both output and continuity are difficult to control .
sub-contract labour may be hard to [get] for certain types of work : for example , small works where both output and continuity are difficult to control .

The procedures used to obtain quotations are similar to those outlined in Chapter 5 , relating to the purchase of materials .
the procedures used to [get] quotations are similar to those outlined in chapter 5 , relating to the purchase of materials .

Under the term of/CT 80 the contractor is obliged to obtain the written consent of the architect to sub-let any part of the contract works .
under the term of/ct 80 the contractor is obliged to [get] the written consent of the architect to sub-let any part of the contract works .

Frequently on smaller contracts , builders do not formally obtain consent and assume that it would be granted .
frequently on smaller contracts , builders do not formally [get] consent and assume that it would be granted .

The architect may choose to obtain quotations for certain areas of the work from specialist labour and material sub-contractors , under/CT 80 , who will be known as nominated sub-contractors .
the architect may choose to [get] quotations for certain areas of the work from specialist labour and material sub-contractors , under/ct 80 , who will be known as nominated sub-contractors .

The client 's quantity surveyor may co-operate , particularly where the relationship with the contractor is well established , either by accepting receipts one month in arrears , subject to the payment being made on time , or by a telephone enquiry to the nominated sub-contractors concerned to obtain verbal confirmation that payment has been made .
the client 's quantity surveyor may co-operate , particularly where the relationship with the contractor is well established , either by accepting receipts one month in arrears , subject to the payment being made on time , or by a telephone enquiry to the nominated sub-contractors concerned to [get] verbal confirmation that payment has been made .

The builder is also under obligation to : ( a ) Make every reasonable effort to obtain fully completed 715 vouchers from sub-contractors .
the builder is also under obligation to : ( a ) make every reasonable effort to [get] fully completed 715 vouchers from sub-contractors .

The agent 's first objective is to obtain the best possible price for his client and secondly , if possible , to generate the opportunity to market the completed units .
the agent 's first objective is to [get] the best possible price for his client and secondly , if possible , to generate the opportunity to market the completed units .

When expending time and money on negotiations or investigations , some vendors attempt to use the developer 's expertise free of charge to obtain a valuation and appraisal of the development potential of their site , even to the extent of the developer obtaining the necessary planning approval and resolving technical problems .
when expending time and money on negotiations or investigations , some vendors attempt to use the developer 's expertise free of charge to [get] a valuation and appraisal of the development potential of their site , even to the extent of the developer obtaining the necessary planning approval and resolving technical problems .

When the developer is actively seeking land , it may be possible to conclude the negotiations by private treaty , to obtain an option or to enter into a conditional contract .
when the developer is actively seeking land , it may be possible to conclude the negotiations by private treaty , to [get] an option or to enter into a conditional contract .

This is much more likely to arise where the vendor must be seen to obtain the best possible price for the land , such as a trust , bank or other institution .
this is much more likely to arise where the vendor must be seen to [get] the best possible price for the land , such as a trust , bank or other institution .

The developer is then free to resolve problems with services or infrastructure , obtain planning approval and if necessary negotiate similar options with owners of adjoining land in order to assemble a site .
the developer is then free to resolve problems with services or infrastructure , [get] planning approval and if necessary negotiate similar options with owners of adjoining land in order to assemble a site .

The option is clearly to the advantage of the developer , in that : there is low initial capital commitment there is opportunity to resolve problems and obtain planning approval The faces less competition than would be found if the land was sold at auction or tender if the scheme is abandoned the option need not be exercised On the other hand problems can arise where there is a substantial downturn in the market and it is not viable to proceed at the price agreed in the option agreement .
the option is clearly to the advantage of the developer , in that : there is low initial capital commitment there is opportunity to resolve problems and [get] planning approval the faces less competition than would be found if the land was sold at auction or tender if the scheme is abandoned the option need not be exercised on the other hand problems can arise where there is a substantial downturn in the market and it is not viable to proceed at the price agreed in the option agreement .

It is also necessary to obtain approval from the water authority to discharge the effluent of a septic tank , by means of land drains into the ground .
it is also necessary to [get] approval from the water authority to discharge the effluent of a septic tank , by means of land drains into the ground .

It is useful to obtain permission to execute trial holes at various locations on the site to establish the nature of the sub-soil , bearing capacity of the ground , and the water table .
it is useful to [get] permission to execute trial holes at various locations on the site to establish the nature of the sub-soil , bearing capacity of the ground , and the water table .

It will then be necessary to negotiate with the adjoining owner , either to acquire the land in question or to obtain an easement to conform to the conditions in perpetuity .
it will then be necessary to negotiate with the adjoining owner , either to acquire the land in question or to [get] an easement to conform to the conditions in perpetuity .

Unfortunately many smaller developers find such bonds difficult to obtain , since so many development companies failed in the property crash following the economic problems of the early 70s .
unfortunately many smaller developers find such bonds difficult to [get] , since so many development companies failed in the property crash following the economic problems of the early 70s .

Vacant possession will be delayed and will prove costly , if not virtually impossible , to obtain .
vacant possession will be delayed and will prove costly , if not virtually impossible , to [get] .

To obtain an eviction order through the courts could mean a lengthy legal process , possibly entailing adverse publicity .
to [get] an eviction order through the courts could mean a lengthy legal process , possibly entailing adverse publicity .

It is essential to obtain confirmation in writing not only that services are available on or adjacent to the site , but in addition that they are adequate in capacity , and the cost of connection .
it is essential to [get] confirmation in writing not only that services are available on or adjacent to the site , but in addition that they are adequate in capacity , and the cost of connection .

The previous observations regarding foul sewers apply equally to surface water sewers , except that the water authority has no statutory power to obtain easements for storm water sewers .
the previous observations regarding foul sewers apply equally to surface water sewers , except that the water authority has no statutory power to [get] easements for storm water sewers .

Where the water authority refuses permission for their use the onus is on the developer to secure a satisfactory outfall for a sewer to a ditch , stream or river , and obtain the necessary easements .
where the water authority refuses permission for their use the onus is on the developer to secure a satisfactory outfall for a sewer to a ditch , stream or river , and [get] the necessary easements .

The water authority has statutory rights to obtain easements to run water mains across adjoining property , but obviously if adjoining owners object delays may arise .
the water authority has statutory rights to [get] easements to run water mains across adjoining property , but obviously if adjoining owners object delays may arise .

As many people as possible should be interviewed to obtain a cross-section of response and opinion to the questions outlined below .
as many people as possible should be interviewed to [get] a cross-section of response and opinion to the questions outlined below .

’ Moreover , short of methods of surveillance which are also not ‘ consistent with liberty and justice ’ it may be impossible to obtain evidence on what transpired at such meetings .
’ moreover , short of methods of surveillance which are also not ‘ consistent with liberty and justice ’ it may be impossible to [get] evidence on what transpired at such meetings .

For example , the trade association in the nut and bolt industry actually employed individuals who posed as buyers and tried to obtain discounts on prices from sellers suspected of cheating .
for example , the trade association in the nut and bolt industry actually employed individuals who posed as buyers and tried to [get] discounts on prices from sellers suspected of cheating .

To obtain a first class , one needs to do a little thinking .
to [get] a first class , one needs to do a little thinking .

The libraries mentioned above are , of course , private libraries , and non-members of the bodies to which they belong must obtain permission to use them .
the libraries mentioned above are , of course , private libraries , and non-members of the bodies to which they belong must [get] permission to use them .

If you obtain pupillage in provincial chambers , and perform satisfactorily , you are likely to be offered a place .
if you [get] pupillage in provincial chambers , and perform satisfactorily , you are likely to be offered a place .

Only about a quarter of the applicants survive the rigorous screening and obtain silk .
only about a quarter of the applicants survive the rigorous screening and [get] silk .

After taking the Bar examination you may obtain employment in the legal department of a commercial firm under the aegis of an employed barrister as a ‘ commercial pupil , ’ and this will give you three months ' exemption from pupillage if you afterwards decide to take up practice at the Bar .
after taking the bar examination you may [get] employment in the legal department of a commercial firm under the aegis of an employed barrister as a ‘ commercial pupil , ’ and this will give you three months ' exemption from pupillage if you afterwards decide to take up practice at the bar .

Solicitors are frequently appointed not only in the legal departments but in the secretarial departments of large concerns ; but a person who intends to go for a secretarial department would be better advised to obtain a secretarial rather than a legal qualification ( to have both would , of course , be best of all ) .
solicitors are frequently appointed not only in the legal departments but in the secretarial departments of large concerns ; but a person who intends to go for a secretarial department would be better advised to [get] a secretarial rather than a legal qualification ( to have both would , of course , be best of all ) .

Administrative trainees obtain a salary on a par with that obtainable from industry ; they enjoy incremental salary scales which ensure progress even during periods of pay restraint , together with near-certain promotion within the administrative grade to under-secretary level .
administrative trainees [get] a salary on a par with that obtainable from industry ; they enjoy incremental salary scales which ensure progress even during periods of pay restraint , together with near-certain promotion within the administrative grade to under-secretary level .

‘ Can you imagine what ghastly favours will obtain to the chief baboon , when this band enters a somewhat more farouche environment ?
‘ can you imagine what ghastly favours will [get] to the chief baboon , when this band enters a somewhat more farouche environment ?

Who the other call was to Jihan has never revealed , but it is certain that it must have been someone of the highest importance , and that her purpose was to obtain from the most authoritative source possible some outside indication of what was happening in Egypt .
who the other call was to jihan has never revealed , but it is certain that it must have been someone of the highest importance , and that her purpose was to [get] from the most authoritative source possible some outside indication of what was happening in egypt .

Overall , the two types of study each had its own areas of strength and compensated for the weaknesses of the other ; the neighbourhood studies were intended to obtain depth of linguistic and social information , while the telephone survey provided breadth .
overall , the two types of study each had its own areas of strength and compensated for the weaknesses of the other ; the neighbourhood studies were intended to [get] depth of linguistic and social information , while the telephone survey provided breadth .

[ The neighbourhood studies ] are designed to obtain a large amount of linguistic and social data on the major social networks of the neighbourhoods .
[ the neighbourhood studies ] are designed to [get] a large amount of linguistic and social data on the major social networks of the neighbourhoods .

At the same time , the neighbourhood studies utilize systematic sociolinguistic interviews to obtain comparable data on all members of the social network .
at the same time , the neighbourhood studies utilize systematic sociolinguistic interviews to [get] comparable data on all members of the social network .

Two basic fieldwork strategies were used to obtain entry to the neighbourhoods .
two basic fieldwork strategies were used to [get] entry to the neighbourhoods .

This is a second series , using as a conversational resource a different set of modules ; these modules are designed to obtain information which can be used to plot out speakers ' interpersonal network relationships both within and outside the neighbourhood .
this is a second series , using as a conversational resource a different set of modules ; these modules are designed to [get] information which can be used to plot out speakers ' interpersonal network relationships both within and outside the neighbourhood .

The aim of the neighbourhood studies was to obtain in-depth information , both linguistic and social , from a number of selected communities .
the aim of the neighbourhood studies was to [get] in-depth information , both linguistic and social , from a number of selected communities .

The general idea of selecting communities which were interrelated in this way on the dimensions of status and ethnicity was to ‘ match-up ’ linguistic data from the four areas , so as to obtain some fairly detailed information on the linguistic strategies which Belfast people employed as they moved from urban vernacular to slightly higher-status speech patterns .
the general idea of selecting communities which were interrelated in this way on the dimensions of status and ethnicity was to ‘ match-up ’ linguistic data from the four areas , so as to [get] some fairly detailed information on the linguistic strategies which belfast people employed as they moved from urban vernacular to slightly higher-status speech patterns .

Consequently , it was in no sense intended to provide basic facts about sociolinguistic patterns in the city , but rather to obtain quite specific and limited linguistic information .
consequently , it was in no sense intended to provide basic facts about sociolinguistic patterns in the city , but rather to [get] quite specific and limited linguistic information .

But Labov 's main concern was to obtain insights into processes of linguistic change and to challenge linguistic theories which modelled language as a static entity , identifying homogeneity with structure .
but labov 's main concern was to [get] insights into processes of linguistic change and to challenge linguistic theories which modelled language as a static entity , identifying homogeneity with structure .

At the outset it is necessary to reiterate the point made at the beginning of this chapter , namely , that accurate up-to-date and spatially relevant data on rural employment , like rural population , are difficult to obtain .
at the outset it is necessary to reiterate the point made at the beginning of this chapter , namely , that accurate up-to-date and spatially relevant data on rural employment , like rural population , are difficult to [get] .

From a bank 's standpoint , a serious danger with charter party bills of lading is the possibility of having to pay unexpectedly large freight charges in order to obtain possession of the merchandise .
from a bank 's standpoint , a serious danger with charter party bills of lading is the possibility of having to pay unexpectedly large freight charges in order to [get] possession of the merchandise .

Consequently , the air waybill did not require presentation to obtain possession of the goods .
consequently , the air waybill did not require presentation to [get] possession of the goods .

The air waybill is not a full fledged document of title because the consignee does not need it to obtain the goods from the carrier .
the air waybill is not a full fledged document of title because the consignee does not need it to [get] the goods from the carrier .

As a result , a consignee of an English waybill does not need to present present the waybill to obtain the goods ; all the consignee needs to do in order to obtain the goods is to identify himself .
as a result , a consignee of an english waybill does not need to present present the waybill to [get] the goods ; all the consignee needs to do in order to [get] the goods is to identify himself .

The nomination of a specific cargo is made as the time for delivery approaches and the right to obtain delivery of this cargo may have to be transferred to buyers in different parts of the globe .
the nomination of a specific cargo is made as the time for delivery approaches and the right to [get] delivery of this cargo may have to be transferred to buyers in different parts of the globe .

It is safely assumed that a government can obtain the passage of virtually all the bills it introduces .
it is safely assumed that a government can [get] the passage of virtually all the bills it introduces .

In 1976 the Labour Government was forced to impose curbs on public expenditure in order to obtain assistance from the International Monetary Fund .
in 1976 the labour government was forced to impose curbs on public expenditure in order to [get] assistance from the international monetary fund .

The main difference is that working-class students are more likely to obtain an ordinary degree than other students , but ordinary degrees are , of course , awarded very rarely .
the main difference is that working-class students are more likely to [get] an ordinary degree than other students , but ordinary degrees are , of course , awarded very rarely .

This finding , however , conceals the fact that working-class males in these two categories of illness are likely to visit their doctor to obtain sickness certificates — a procedure which is not so necessary for professional employees who receive sick pay from their employers .
this finding , however , conceals the fact that working-class males in these two categories of illness are likely to visit their doctor to [get] sickness certificates — a procedure which is not so necessary for professional employees who receive sick pay from their employers .

By doing this , ‘ they have helped to set one area and one group of workers against another in the struggle to obtain a higher share of the inadequate number of jobs available .
by doing this , ‘ they have helped to set one area and one group of workers against another in the struggle to [get] a higher share of the inadequate number of jobs available .

The law does permit judges to be prosecuted for crimes they may commit , while so acting , but proof of criminal intent would be extremely difficult to obtain , even if an appropriate charge could be devised .
the law does permit judges to be prosecuted for crimes they may commit , while so acting , but proof of criminal intent would be extremely difficult to [get] , even if an appropriate charge could be devised .

The Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act 1875 restated the criminal offence of ‘ watching or besetting ’ but excluded from that activity ‘ attending at or near the house or place where a person resides , or works , or carries on business , or happens to be … in order merely to obtain or communicate information ’ .
the conspiracy and protection of property act 1875 restated the criminal offence of ‘ watching or besetting ’ but excluded from that activity ‘ attending at or near the house or place where a person resides , or works , or carries on business , or happens to be … in order merely to [get] or communicate information ’ .

To obtain payment of the fine the court sequestrated against assets held in the political fund of the union .
to [get] payment of the fine the court sequestrated against assets held in the political fund of the union .

This made the granting of an interim injunction much easier to obtain .
this made the granting of an interim injunction much easier to [get] .

Prior to Puhlhofer , failure to obtain leave to proceed by judicial review occurred in less than 10 per cent of the applications .
prior to puhlhofer , failure to [get] leave to proceed by judicial review occurred in less than 10 per cent of the applications .

Now that we have learnt to take account of the unpaid domestic labour of younger women as positive inputs into the economy ( Piachaud , 1985 ; Joshi , 1987a ) , it is time to extend this approach to the variety of unpaid activities of older people if we are to obtain an accurate picture of their role in the economy and of the extent to which they are a net ‘ burden ’ upon it .
now that we have learnt to take account of the unpaid domestic labour of younger women as positive inputs into the economy ( piachaud , 1985 ; joshi , 1987a ) , it is time to extend this approach to the variety of unpaid activities of older people if we are to [get] an accurate picture of their role in the economy and of the extent to which they are a net ‘ burden ’ upon it .

Even if young people do obtain a home in the privately rented sector , it is nearly always a transient tenure whether they are married or not .
even if young people do [get] a home in the privately rented sector , it is nearly always a transient tenure whether they are married or not .

Over 90 per cent will subsequently obtain a home of their own in either the owner-occupied or local authority sectors ( Murphy and Sullivan , 1985 ) .
over 90 per cent will subsequently [get] a home of their own in either the owner-occupied or local authority sectors ( murphy and sullivan , 1985 ) .

It is , of course , the case that those from relatively advantaged groups are more likely to obtain the socially preferred type of housing , namely owner-occupation , those whose parents are in higher social classes and/or owner-occupiers being more likely to do so .
it is , of course , the case that those from relatively advantaged groups are more likely to [get] the socially preferred type of housing , namely owner-occupation , those whose parents are in higher social classes and/or owner-occupiers being more likely to do so .

The skills are there to be bought : the problem is that many farmers have an exaggerated notion of the kind of worker that they can obtain for the money they are willing to offer , as well as an outdated conception of what the farm worker 's skills would fetch in industry .
the skills are there to be bought : the problem is that many farmers have an exaggerated notion of the kind of worker that they can [get] for the money they are willing to offer , as well as an outdated conception of what the farm worker 's skills would fetch in industry .

In such cases the most that an employer could hope for was that by his treatment of his workers he could obtain some minimal loyalty .
in such cases the most that an employer could hope for was that by his treatment of his workers he could [get] some minimal loyalty .

The criterion by which a farm worker could once obtain high status — skill at work — is therefore threatened with being overthrown .
the criterion by which a farm worker could once [get] high status — skill at work — is therefore threatened with being overthrown .

Moreover farmers , at least , continue to appreciate the skills of farm workers , so that the latter obtain much higher esteem from their employers than they can expect from many newcomers .
moreover farmers , at least , continue to appreciate the skills of farm workers , so that the latter [get] much higher esteem from their employers than they can expect from many newcomers .

For example , newcomers have been in the forefront of the many campaigns to obtain by-passes for those villages which have a main road running through them .
for example , newcomers have been in the forefront of the many campaigns to [get] by-passes for those villages which have a main road running through them .

In areas where the inflation of housing prices has made it impossible for many local people to obtain their own homes , the sight of outsiders purchasing houses when they already have one elsewhere can be an affront to local dignity .
in areas where the inflation of housing prices has made it impossible for many local people to [get] their own homes , the sight of outsiders purchasing houses when they already have one elsewhere can be an affront to local dignity .

The Group 's report Living Options Lottery , concluded , ‘ The reality of housing and care support options revealed … is alarming … few people obtain the flexible , dependable services essential for personal autonomy .
the group 's report living options lottery , concluded , ‘ the reality of housing and care support options revealed … is alarming … few people [get] the flexible , dependable services essential for personal autonomy .

Clare 's solicitor explained to her that men often forced their wives to return by refusing to grant a divorce and making it difficult for them to obtain money — even when it was awarded by a court .
clare 's solicitor explained to her that men often forced their wives to return by refusing to grant a divorce and making it difficult for them to [get] money — even when it was awarded by a court .

In such circumstances by colluding or in virtue of the structural properties of oligopolistic markets companies are able to obtain variable degrees of protection from competitive pressures .
in such circumstances by colluding or in virtue of the structural properties of oligopolistic markets companies are able to [get] variable degrees of protection from competitive pressures .

Decisions of the latter kind , about whether to import components or obtain them locally , for instance , or about investment policy in a recession , or pay restraint , can have major implications for national economic performance .
decisions of the latter kind , about whether to import components or [get] them locally , for instance , or about investment policy in a recession , or pay restraint , can have major implications for national economic performance .

In accordance with this concept incorporation was , for example , much easier to obtain in the case of transport and utility undertakings , such as canals , railways and waterworks , than for ordinary trading ventures .
in accordance with this concept incorporation was , for example , much easier to [get] in the case of transport and utility undertakings , such as canals , railways and waterworks , than for ordinary trading ventures .

One such interest might be autonomy , the rights of exclusive use and alienation inherent in private property enabling individuals to organise their affairs without the need to obtain the permission of others .
one such interest might be autonomy , the rights of exclusive use and alienation inherent in private property enabling individuals to organise their affairs without the need to [get] the permission of others .

They thus obtain status and other ‘ psychological ’ benefits at the shareholders ' expense , and increase their rewards from office in a more tax-efficient way than through regular remuneration .
they thus [get] status and other ‘ psychological ’ benefits at the shareholders ' expense , and increase their rewards from office in a more tax-efficient way than through regular remuneration .

Rather than reducing the level of risk taking in general , however , the effect of a requirement to obtain adequate information ought to be that the chances of directors discriminating between legitimate and illegitimate risks are improved .
rather than reducing the level of risk taking in general , however , the effect of a requirement to [get] adequate information ought to be that the chances of directors discriminating between legitimate and illegitimate risks are improved .

Of course , deciding how much information to obtain , given the cost in time and money of acquiring it , in itself demands the exercise of judgment .
of course , deciding how much information to [get] , given the cost in time and money of acquiring it , in itself demands the exercise of judgment .

By evaluating the above expression for x and setting … we can obtain the corresponding probabilities that a given address will have : and so on .
by evaluating the above expression for x and setting … we can [get] the corresponding probabilities that a given address will have : and so on .

There might also be a departmental or other code in the centre of the key , and we might obtain all the records in three areas starting with numbers such as 03 , 05 or 07 if the choice of storage address is unfortunate .
there might also be a departmental or other code in the centre of the key , and we might [get] all the records in three areas starting with numbers such as 03 , 05 or 07 if the choice of storage address is unfortunate .

Multiplying this by 100 and subtracting the result from 100 per cent , we obtain the percentage of addresses that will contain home records .
multiplying this by 100 and subtracting the result from 100 per cent , we [get] the percentage of addresses that will contain home records .

Summing this series of probabilities , and dividing by the number of records loaded , we obtain :
summing this series of probabilities , and dividing by the number of records loaded , we [get] :

In practice this is not complete , since two additional times need to be considered in order to obtain the true picture .
in practice this is not complete , since two additional times need to be considered in order to [get] the true picture .

Comment on the results you obtain .
comment on the results you [get] .

Use the following keys to test the effectiveness of using the remainder after division as a randomizing algorithm ; divide by 37 , 41 , 43 , and 101 , and comment on the results you obtain . Can you suggest any other method of allocation of records to addresses that might reduce both wasted space and numbers of synonyms ? What might he the disadvantage of such a method if the file were larger ?
use the following keys to test the effectiveness of using the remainder after division as a randomizing algorithm ; divide by 37 , 41 , 43 , and 101 , and comment on the results you [get] . can you suggest any other method of allocation of records to addresses that might reduce both wasted space and numbers of synonyms ? what might he the disadvantage of such a method if the file were larger ?

Because only one record is examined at a time , it is possible to test the descriptors against very complex Boolean conditions , expressed in terms of the descriptors desired by the user , to obtain a match .
because only one record is examined at a time , it is possible to test the descriptors against very complex boolean conditions , expressed in terms of the descriptors desired by the user , to [get] a match .

In order to obtain optimum results , however , there is no substitute for a carefully user-designed and written system .
in order to [get] optimum results , however , there is no substitute for a carefully user-designed and written system .

The supremacy of the Prime Minister is further enhanced by the authority to obtain ( or threaten to obtain ) a dissolution of parliament , the possibility of rebel Members being disowned and replaced by their constituency parties , the feelings of loyalty to one 's party and the fear of giving aid and comfort to the opposition parties .
the supremacy of the prime minister is further enhanced by the authority to [get] ( or threaten to [get] ) a dissolution of parliament , the possibility of rebel members being disowned and replaced by their constituency parties , the feelings of loyalty to one 's party and the fear of giving aid and comfort to the opposition parties .

Pickin claimed that the relevant provision ( s. 18 ) of the 1968 Act was invalid and ineffective to deprive him of his title , as Parliament had been misled by the Board to obtain the passage of the Act .
pickin claimed that the relevant provision ( s. 18 ) of the 1968 act was invalid and ineffective to deprive him of his title , as parliament had been misled by the board to [get] the passage of the act .

But in addition to gaining the permission of the participants where necessary , the person responsible for making the recording must also obtain the licence of the copyright holder or the appropriate body .
but in addition to gaining the permission of the participants where necessary , the person responsible for making the recording must also [get] the licence of the copyright holder or the appropriate body .

In certain circumstances , and especially where foreign travel is entailed , it is sensible to obtain separate travel insurance for church personnel .
in certain circumstances , and especially where foreign travel is entailed , it is sensible to [get] separate travel insurance for church personnel .

For example , Friedan ( 1983 ) believed that it was the ‘ feminine mystique ’ which prevented women from leading successful public lives ; the education system was partly to blame for the ideology of the feminine mystique , but equally the solution for women who were trapped in their roles as wives and mothers was to return to college to obtain an education .
for example , friedan ( 1983 ) believed that it was the ‘ feminine mystique ’ which prevented women from leading successful public lives ; the education system was partly to blame for the ideology of the feminine mystique , but equally the solution for women who were trapped in their roles as wives and mothers was to return to college to [get] an education .

Neither Nehru nor Jinnah gained all that they wanted ( or what they had announced as their objectives ) but Aung San and Thakin Nu did obtain all their demands , despite British objections .
neither nehru nor jinnah gained all that they wanted ( or what they had announced as their objectives ) but aung san and thakin nu did [get] all their demands , despite british objections .

In the 1920s it had been relatively easy for the students to obtain good jobs : but not now .
in the 1920s it had been relatively easy for the students to [get] good jobs : but not now .

The British Government professed to ‘ have always regarded it as desirable that these elections should be held and have advised the Government of the Republic of [ South ] Vietnam to enter into consultation with the Viet Minh authorities [ sic ] in order to ensure that all the necessary conditions obtain for a free expression of the national will ’ .
the british government professed to ‘ have always regarded it as desirable that these elections should be held and have advised the government of the republic of [ south ] vietnam to enter into consultation with the viet minh authorities [ sic ] in order to ensure that all the necessary conditions [get] for a free expression of the national will ’ .

There was keen competition to obtain the Cpp ticket , and many would-be candidates not selected stood as ‘ rebels ’ : altogether there were 323 candidates for the 104 seats .
there was keen competition to [get] the cpp ticket , and many would-be candidates not selected stood as ‘ rebels ’ : altogether there were 323 candidates for the 104 seats .

In order to obtain a republic , Nkrumah announced a popular referendum , though others taking this step had not considered a referendum necessary .
in order to [get] a republic , nkrumah announced a popular referendum , though others taking this step had not considered a referendum necessary .

So today 's typical organization in which knowledge tends to be concentrated in service staffs , perched rather insecurely between top management and the operating people , will likely be labeled a phase , an attempt to infuse knowledge from the top rather than obtain information from below .
so today 's typical organization in which knowledge tends to be concentrated in service staffs , perched rather insecurely between top management and the operating people , will likely be labeled a phase , an attempt to infuse knowledge from the top rather than [get] information from below .

What remedy might Manuel obtain if he succeeds in either of these actions against Mr Pasta ? Can he claim his job back ?
what remedy might manuel [get] if he succeeds in either of these actions against mr pasta ? can he claim his job back ?

However , a public company must obtain in addition a trading certificate from the Registrar before it may commence trading .
however , a public company must [get] in addition a trading certificate from the registrar before it may commence trading .

He or she does not obtain ownership , unless this is given by a court order .
he or she does not [get] ownership , unless this is given by a court order .

Prior to the making of such alterations the tenants should obtain the consent of the landlord to the proposed alterations .
prior to the making of such alterations the tenants should [get] the consent of the landlord to the proposed alterations .

The tenant undertakes to obtain all his or her liquor from the brewery .
the tenant undertakes to [get] all his or her liquor from the brewery .

In contemporary societies , goods which are difficult to obtain because of their exotic origins vie with highly priced goods in competing status systems .
in contemporary societies , goods which are difficult to [get] because of their exotic origins vie with highly priced goods in competing status systems .

Britain could only obtain these goods by intervening in an already well-established trading pattern , taking much-desired cotton cloth from South Asia and using this to purchase spices from the East Indies .
britain could only [get] these goods by intervening in an already well-established trading pattern , taking much-desired cotton cloth from south asia and using this to purchase spices from the east indies .

However , just as they had formerly worked to obtain their fortune , so also the nouveaux riches were obliged to employ material goods to assert their social pretensions .
however , just as they had formerly worked to [get] their fortune , so also the nouveaux riches were obliged to employ material goods to assert their social pretensions .

It is more a general feeling that the ways in which we work and consume , trade and invest , obtain our salaries , wages or profits , own property and have entitlements to welfare , are all changing dramatically .
it is more a general feeling that the ways in which we work and consume , trade and invest , [get] our salaries , wages or profits , own property and have entitlements to welfare , are all changing dramatically .

Until then , financial institutions had to pay a premium to obtain dollars from a restricted pool in order to invest finance overseas .
until then , financial institutions had to pay a premium to [get] dollars from a restricted pool in order to invest finance overseas .

So much was still on ration or impossible to obtain in Britain .
so much was still on ration or impossible to [get] in britain .

Families are the major socialization contexts for individuals in most societies , being the milieux in which most obtain their basic values .
families are the major socialization contexts for individuals in most societies , being the milieux in which most [get] their basic values .

Some malicious twist in the labyrinth of Sudanese bureaucracy required us to obtain our Sudanese visas , not at the embassy in London , ill the tranquillity of St James 's , but in Cairo .
some malicious twist in the labyrinth of sudanese bureaucracy required us to [get] our sudanese visas , not at the embassy in london , ill the tranquillity of st james 's , but in cairo .

It is possible to obtain Parliamentary materials and it is possible to trace the history .
it is possible to [get] parliamentary materials and it is possible to trace the history .

The gentlemen who sat on the bench were more or less connected with the shipping trade , and the law had been somewhat strained to obtain the conviction `` .
the gentlemen who sat on the bench were more or less connected with the shipping trade , and the law had been somewhat strained to [get] the conviction `` .

The war was also a business in which it was apparently no easier than in peace to obtain just treatment for seaman , whatever hardships they might be suffering .
the war was also a business in which it was apparently no easier than in peace to [get] just treatment for seaman , whatever hardships they might be suffering .

While the cost of living continued to soar , wage increases remained difficult to obtain ; shipowners continued to hanker after the employment of cheap Chinese labour and extracted record profits , while the U-boat campaign raged unabated .
while the cost of living continued to soar , wage increases remained difficult to [get] ; shipowners continued to hanker after the employment of cheap chinese labour and extracted record profits , while the u-boat campaign raged unabated .

This seems to obtain even when occupational levels are taken into account , so that temporary working is more prevalent amongst people in higher level service occupations than amongst those in higher level industrial occupations .
this seems to [get] even when occupational levels are taken into account , so that temporary working is more prevalent amongst people in higher level service occupations than amongst those in higher level industrial occupations .

In the service sector the predicted relationship appeared to obtain , but again only with respect to agency workers ( Table 3.10 ) .
in the service sector the predicted relationship appeared to [get] , but again only with respect to agency workers ( table 3.10 ) .

In the service sector the reverse relationship appeared to obtain , and this with respect to both forms of temporary labour .
in the service sector the reverse relationship appeared to [get] , and this with respect to both forms of temporary labour .

Both people entering unemployment as a result of losing a temporary job and people taking temporary jobs as a way out of unemployment seemed more likely to have taken a number of jobs , to have experienced a number of spells of unemployment , to have had less time in work and more time in unemployment than people becoming unemployed for other reasons , or managing to obtain a permanent job on leaving unemployment .
both people entering unemployment as a result of losing a temporary job and people taking temporary jobs as a way out of unemployment seemed more likely to have taken a number of jobs , to have experienced a number of spells of unemployment , to have had less time in work and more time in unemployment than people becoming unemployed for other reasons , or managing to [get] a permanent job on leaving unemployment .

To draw unemployment benefit in an off-season a seasonal worker must show he has already had , or can reasonably expect to obtain , a substantial amount of employment during the current off-season — normally at least one quarter of that period .
to draw unemployment benefit in an off-season a seasonal worker must show he has already had , or can reasonably expect to [get] , a substantial amount of employment during the current off-season — normally at least one quarter of that period .

Questions were asked after each problem , and at the completion of the task , to obtain the following objective information : 1 ) the ease of use of each program , 2 ) the insight gained from using each technique , 3 ) the aid given by each technique in attaining a solution , 4 ) the user preference , and dislike , for the techniques , 5 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving insight , 6 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving the best design , and 7 ) the subject 's engineering and computing background , and knowledge of the polar second moment of area ; this being the sectional properties of a component that allows the shearing stresses to be deduced from the applied torque .
questions were asked after each problem , and at the completion of the task , to [get] the following objective information : 1 ) the ease of use of each program , 2 ) the insight gained from using each technique , 3 ) the aid given by each technique in attaining a solution , 4 ) the user preference , and dislike , for the techniques , 5 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving insight , 6 ) the technique thought to be most capable of giving the best design , and 7 ) the subject 's engineering and computing background , and knowledge of the polar second moment of area ; this being the sectional properties of a component that allows the shearing stresses to be deduced from the applied torque .

However , relatively little work has been put into the development of design techniques for mechanisms , and what there has been has mostly taken the form of analysing specified mechanism trains to obtain their motion throughout the operating cycle .
however , relatively little work has been put into the development of design techniques for mechanisms , and what there has been has mostly taken the form of analysing specified mechanism trains to [get] their motion throughout the operating cycle .

When mechanisms are being compared it is often more meaningful to obtain the response function for the complete system or for part of the system .
when mechanisms are being compared it is often more meaningful to [get] the response function for the complete system or for part of the system .

With these , but with no filming permits , since they were impossible to obtain at the time , we winged it to the steaming metropolis of Jakarta .
with these , but with no filming permits , since they were impossible to [get] at the time , we winged it to the steaming metropolis of jakarta .

If a particular publication is not available at your own library the librarian will almost certainly be able to obtain it on a short-term loan .
if a particular publication is not available at your own library the librarian will almost certainly be able to [get] it on a short-term loan .

The contents list not only directs the reader to the page where he can obtain specific information , but also gives a quick survey of the structure and form of the report .
the contents list not only directs the reader to the page where he can [get] specific information , but also gives a quick survey of the structure and form of the report .

We can adjust our charges to obtain a worthwhile profit .
we can adjust our charges to [get] a worthwhile profit .

It also reminds you that if you do n't cut it expertly to obtain this effect , the professionals will , and you may not like it .
it also reminds you that if you do n't cut it expertly to [get] this effect , the professionals will , and you may not like it .

( 5 ) Obtain several good reference books including an English grammar , Roget 's Thesaurus and a good dictionary .
( 5 ) [get] several good reference books including an english grammar , roget 's thesaurus and a good dictionary .

First find out how long the present syllabus has been in force and try to obtain for yourself as many past papers as possible set to that syllabus .
first find out how long the present syllabus has been in force and try to [get] for yourself as many past papers as possible set to that syllabus .

The reason for this policy is that it is relatively easy to obtain the first few marks ( say 10 per cent ) for an examination question .
the reason for this policy is that it is relatively easy to [get] the first few marks ( say 10 per cent ) for an examination question .

It is not difficult to obtain a place on a committee .
it is not difficult to [get] a place on a committee .

The time can be shortened , however , if those members who were supposed to make some enquiry or obtain some information , or to write a short factual statement , have not only done so but have informed the Hon .
the time can be shortened , however , if those members who were supposed to make some enquiry or [get] some information , or to write a short factual statement , have not only done so but have informed the hon .

Under section 70 ( 1 ) the client has an absolute right , if he applies within one month from delivery of the bill , to obtain an order that the bill be taxed and that no action be commenced on the bill until the taxation is completed .
under section 70 ( 1 ) the client has an absolute right , if he applies within one month from delivery of the bill , to [get] an order that the bill be taxed and that no action be commenced on the bill until the taxation is completed .

Noting that , we obtain , which is known as Poisson 's equation .
noting that , we [get] , which is known as poisson 's equation .

If we are considering distances far away from the origin of Fig. 2.3 , i.e. , using the approximation we obtain with which eqn ( 2.26 ) reduces to .
if we are considering distances far away from the origin of fig. 2.3 , i.e. , using the approximation we [get] with which eqn ( 2.26 ) reduces to .

Instead of calculating the electric field directly from the charge distribution let us first determine the potential and obtain the electric field by differentiation .
instead of calculating the electric field directly from the charge distribution let us first determine the potential and [get] the electric field by differentiation .

With the aid of eqns ( 2.67 ) and ( 2.71 ) we may now obtain the capacitance per unit area : , in agreement with the tenets of circuit theory .
with the aid of eqns ( 2.67 ) and ( 2.71 ) we may now [get] the capacitance per unit area : , in agreement with the tenets of circuit theory .

We obtain the same force between the plates whether the battery is disconnected or not — as we should .
we [get] the same force between the plates whether the battery is disconnected or not — as we should .

In either case we obtain where and are unit vectors in the azimuthal directions from the two line currents respectively .
in either case we [get] where and are unit vectors in the azimuthal directions from the two line currents respectively .

But then we obtain the answer that the current is larger in Section 3 than in Section 1 , and no current flows in Sections 2 and 4 .
but then we [get] the answer that the current is larger in section 3 than in section 1 , and no current flows in sections 2 and 4 .

With the aid of eqns ( 3.64 ) and ( 3.65 ) we obtain the magnetic flux in the form from the vector potential , and in the form from the magnetic field , giving of course identical results .
with the aid of eqns ( 3.64 ) and ( 3.65 ) we [get] the magnetic flux in the form from the vector potential , and in the form from the magnetic field , giving of course identical results .

Let 's attempt to obtain a general solution of this problem .
let 's attempt to [get] a general solution of this problem .

This amount includes fees , taxable expense allowances , pension contributions , benefits in kind and amounts paid to obtain the services of a director ( `` golden hello `` ) .
this amount includes fees , taxable expense allowances , pension contributions , benefits in kind and amounts paid to [get] the services of a director ( `` golden hello `` ) .

This amount includes fees , taxable expense allowances , pension contributions , benefits in kind and amounts paid to obtain the services of a director ( `` golden hello `` ) .
this amount includes fees , taxable expense allowances , pension contributions , benefits in kind and amounts paid to [get] the services of a director ( `` golden hello `` ) .

However , to obtain the juiciest and most succulent roots , use root cuttings about 1.2cm ( ½in ) wide and 20cm ( 8in ) long , and plant in February-March , making sure that each has a bud .
however , to [get] the juiciest and most succulent roots , use root cuttings about 1.2cm ( ½in ) wide and 20cm ( 8in ) long , and plant in february-march , making sure that each has a bud .

When buying plants for garden cultivation , it is necessary to be careful to obtain the true garden mint .
when buying plants for garden cultivation , it is necessary to be careful to [get] the true garden mint .

The only exception are diabetics who should obtain advice from their specialist , dietician , or family doctor first .
the only exception are diabetics who should [get] advice from their specialist , dietician , or family doctor first .

To obtain your recommended daily intake of fibre , approx. 30g , you would need to consume 1,000 calories worth of brown bread , 3,000 calories of white bread , 1,400 calories of corn/maize , 1,400 calories of brown or white rice , 1,100 calories of root vegetables , 600 calories of pulses , 2,000 calories of peanuts , 300 calories of green vegetables , or 600 calories of fruit .
to [get] your recommended daily intake of fibre , approx. 30g , you would need to consume 1,000 calories worth of brown bread , 3,000 calories of white bread , 1,400 calories of corn/maize , 1,400 calories of brown or white rice , 1,100 calories of root vegetables , 600 calories of pulses , 2,000 calories of peanuts , 300 calories of green vegetables , or 600 calories of fruit .

In Britain it is possible for an educational institution to obtain a licence to record a very limited range of programmes categorised as educational .
in britain it is possible for an educational institution to [get] a licence to record a very limited range of programmes categorised as educational .

The military commander , Lieutenant Colonel Brereton , failed to obtain support from the magistrates and withdrew two of his troops from the city .
the military commander , lieutenant colonel brereton , failed to [get] support from the magistrates and withdrew two of his troops from the city .

It is much the same with scientists who give details of the experiments used to obtain their results .
it is much the same with scientists who give details of the experiments used to [get] their results .

Aristotle is credited with the first written record of the fact that certain marine predatory gastropods obtain their food through the holes they excavate in their prey .
aristotle is credited with the first written record of the fact that certain marine predatory gastropods [get] their food through the holes they excavate in their prey .

Some are also unaware or confused about where to obtain birth control and what this involves .
some are also unaware or confused about where to [get] birth control and what this involves .

They might well have had experience at second hand of Russian trade goods , and thus have resolved to pay tribute to obtain these benefits .
they might well have had experience at second hand of russian trade goods , and thus have resolved to pay tribute to [get] these benefits .

Government orders forbade anyone to show the natives how to use such weapons , yet inevitably they did on occasion obtain them and use them to deadly effect , though their culture might be basically Stone Age .
government orders forbade anyone to show the natives how to use such weapons , yet inevitably they did on occasion [get] them and use them to deadly effect , though their culture might be basically stone age .

Living meant constant activity to obtain food , shelter and clothing , and the way of life was an integrated one in which work was not distinguished from leisure , and every activity contributed towards the survival of the individual and the community .
living meant constant activity to [get] food , shelter and clothing , and the way of life was an integrated one in which work was not distinguished from leisure , and every activity contributed towards the survival of the individual and the community .

In the latter — the steppe and woodlands inhabited by Tatars , Altaians , Kirgiz , Buryats and Mongols — the Russians had to wage war against formidable enemies who were not only capable of putting up resistance to incursions into their territories , but also able to obtain support from the larger communities of Turkic-Mongol peoples to whom they were related .
in the latter — the steppe and woodlands inhabited by tatars , altaians , kirgiz , buryats and mongols — the russians had to wage war against formidable enemies who were not only capable of putting up resistance to incursions into their territories , but also able to [get] support from the larger communities of turkic-mongol peoples to whom they were related .

Luckily a good friend had managed to obtain a pair of livingstonii and very kindly gave me a young pair .
luckily a good friend had managed to [get] a pair of livingstonii and very kindly gave me a young pair .

It should be possible to obtain pairs straight from your dealer 's tanks .
it should be possible to [get] pairs straight from your dealer 's tanks .

If you do want to keep toads , do obtain adults rather than rear from spawn , as you would otherwise have to release perhaps dozens of surplus animals into an environment that might not suit them .
if you do want to keep toads , do [get] adults rather than rear from spawn , as you would otherwise have to release perhaps dozens of surplus animals into an environment that might not suit them .

Nowadays the keen water gardener has become far more selective when purchasing waterlilies , either trying to obtain some of the rarer varieties or experimenting with some of the more recent introductions of nymphaea , especially some of the outstanding new varieties that have been produced in America .
nowadays the keen water gardener has become far more selective when purchasing waterlilies , either trying to [get] some of the rarer varieties or experimenting with some of the more recent introductions of nymphaea , especially some of the outstanding new varieties that have been produced in america .

Thus the police may obtain useful leads relatively freely .
thus the police may [get] useful leads relatively freely .

If whatever pattern of cues he is emitting happens to affect the subject 's response , so that the experimenter obtains the response he expected to obtain , that pattern of cues may be more likely to recur with the next subject .
if whatever pattern of cues he is emitting happens to affect the subject 's response , so that the experimenter obtains the response he expected to [get] , that pattern of cues may be more likely to recur with the next subject .

Only if other scientists are able to obtain the same results using similar methods of operation , will a result be taken seriously and treated to further tests .
only if other scientists are able to [get] the same results using similar methods of operation , will a result be taken seriously and treated to further tests .

Furthermore , there are certain limitations to what we can learn from science because the concept of replication does not obtain in police investigation .
furthermore , there are certain limitations to what we can learn from science because the concept of replication does not [get] in police investigation .

They can solve simple problems to obtain food , they can learn a basic sign language to communicate with humans and even ape their more intelligent cousins in the famous chimpanzee tea party .
they can solve simple problems to [get] food , they can learn a basic sign language to communicate with humans and even ape their more intelligent cousins in the famous chimpanzee tea party .

Managers obtain more satisfaction from their work than the rank and file .
managers [get] more satisfaction from their work than the rank and file .

Some people have moved out of towns to live in the countryside , sometimes adopting a second part-time job in the rural area , while many inhabitants of rural areas have been able to obtain jobs in towns .
some people have moved out of towns to live in the countryside , sometimes adopting a second part-time job in the rural area , while many inhabitants of rural areas have been able to [get] jobs in towns .

Two-thirds of their sample thought they could obtain their preferred type of job within 24 miles of home , but only 18 per cent were willing to travel this distance daily .
two-thirds of their sample thought they could [get] their preferred type of job within 24 miles of home , but only 18 per cent were willing to travel this distance daily .

Employment aspirations also differentiated the school-leavers ; those who aspired to manual jobs were more likely to obtain them locally than were those who aspired to non-manual work , especially professional and managerial posts .
employment aspirations also differentiated the school-leavers ; those who aspired to manual jobs were more likely to [get] them locally than were those who aspired to non-manual work , especially professional and managerial posts .

This suggests that certain groups and individuals will be ‘ stronger ’ and better placed to obtain the housing they want , although this is something of an oversimplification since it implies that all are competing for the same types of house .
this suggests that certain groups and individuals will be ‘ stronger ’ and better placed to [get] the housing they want , although this is something of an oversimplification since it implies that all are competing for the same types of house .

Furthermore , in many more isolated and smaller settlements a wife may be unable to work regularly owing to a lack of jobs or transport ; therefore the total mortgage that a would-be home buyer can obtain will be based on a multiple of the husband 's income alone .
furthermore , in many more isolated and smaller settlements a wife may be unable to work regularly owing to a lack of jobs or transport ; therefore the total mortgage that a would-be home buyer can [get] will be based on a multiple of the husband 's income alone .

It can also be a tool of social and economic policies to help the aged , the homeless , single-parent families and the handicapped to obtain housing , as well as to provide flexibility in the attraction of key workers .
it can also be a tool of social and economic policies to help the aged , the homeless , single-parent families and the handicapped to [get] housing , as well as to provide flexibility in the attraction of key workers .

Farmers however are entitled to obtain vacant possession of a house occupied by a former employee in order to provide accommodation for a present or prospective agricultural employee .
farmers however are entitled to [get] vacant possession of a house occupied by a former employee in order to provide accommodation for a present or prospective agricultural employee .

To prevent collusion between employer and employee , the local authority is not obliged to do this when the tied cottager is still employed by the farmer ( who could otherwise obtain a council house for the tenant by threatening to terminate his employment ) .
to prevent collusion between employer and employee , the local authority is not obliged to do this when the tied cottager is still employed by the farmer ( who could otherwise [get] a council house for the tenant by threatening to terminate his employment ) .

Most exist under the scrutiny of the Housing Corporation , which is a source of funding , although they are often able to obtain local authority finance , sometimes for joint ventures .
most exist under the scrutiny of the housing corporation , which is a source of funding , although they are often able to [get] local authority finance , sometimes for joint ventures .

Individuals may not have access to private transport to substitute for inadequate public provision ; they may not be able to obtain a lift when necessary and they may not possess a telephone or the resources to obtain a car or phone .
individuals may not have access to private transport to substitute for inadequate public provision ; they may not be able to [get] a lift when necessary and they may not possess a telephone or the resources to [get] a car or phone .

In particular , vast tracts of agricultural land and agricultural buildings are excluded from the obligation to obtain planning permission ( Gilg 1978 ) .
in particular , vast tracts of agricultural land and agricultural buildings are excluded from the obligation to [get] planning permission ( gilg 1978 ) .

Since we wished to compare arrest rates between people living in the same small areas , we needed to obtain population numbers for these areas .
since we wished to compare arrest rates between people living in the same small areas , we needed to [get] population numbers for these areas .

We were able to obtain data from the 1981 census for enumeration districts ( average about 150 households ) .
we were able to [get] data from the 1981 census for enumeration districts ( average about 150 households ) .

However , we were able to obtain details of all Crown Court cases from the Probation Service .
however , we were able to [get] details of all crown court cases from the probation service .

The attempt by the English Crown Prosecution Service to obtain the confiscation of the benefits obtained by Randle and Pottle from the publication of their book raises a number of important questions about the nature , scope and purpose of the legislation which permits such actions .
the attempt by the english crown prosecution service to [get] the confiscation of the benefits obtained by randle and pottle from the publication of their book raises a number of important questions about the nature , scope and purpose of the legislation which permits such actions .

Counsel for the appellants had attacked this finding because the patient had been an outpatient at a different hospital in the past and a practitioner there could have fulfilled this function ; and he submitted that in any case it was a duty of the hospital managers to find out if it was practicable to obtain the recommendation of a practitioner who had previous acquaintance with the patient : he relied on the form of the question ‘ explain why you could not get a recommendation from a medical practitioner who did know the patient ’ on the hospital admission application form .
counsel for the appellants had attacked this finding because the patient had been an outpatient at a different hospital in the past and a practitioner there could have fulfilled this function ; and he submitted that in any case it was a duty of the hospital managers to find out if it was practicable to [get] the recommendation of a practitioner who had previous acquaintance with the patient : he relied on the form of the question ‘ explain why you could not get a recommendation from a medical practitioner who did know the patient ’ on the hospital admission application form .

The Court assumes that failure to explain why it was not practicable to obtain a report from such a doctor will make the admission unlawful , and the same point is made by Professor Hoggett ( Mental Health Law ( 3rd ed . )
the court assumes that failure to explain why it was not practicable to [get] a report from such a doctor will make the admission unlawful , and the same point is made by professor hoggett ( mental health law ( 3rd ed . )

at pp.102–103 ) , who also stresses that the administrative arrangements for medical cover does not necessarily make it impracticable to obtain a recommendation from a doctor who knows the prospective patient .
at pp.102–103 ) , who also stresses that the administrative arrangements for medical cover does not necessarily make it impracticable to [get] a recommendation from a doctor who knows the prospective patient .

However , it will always be difficult to obtain direct evidence for such a view since the less successful members of the lineage left no descendants for us to study .
however , it will always be difficult to [get] direct evidence for such a view since the less successful members of the lineage left no descendants for us to study .

This space , intended both to obtain the invention of new products , leading to enhanced consumption and profit , and to maintain ideological support , in response to apparent liberalism , allows at least the possibility that permitted pluralism can grow into radical dissent .
this space , intended both to [get] the invention of new products , leading to enhanced consumption and profit , and to maintain ideological support , in response to apparent liberalism , allows at least the possibility that permitted pluralism can grow into radical dissent .

They judge that this form of organisation permits the cooperatives to obtain advantages of scale at the level of administration , coordination and planning while retaining the benefits of relatively small operating units i. e. maximum scope for democratic accountability ( Campbell , 1980 , pp .
they judge that this form of organisation permits the cooperatives to [get] advantages of scale at the level of administration , coordination and planning while retaining the benefits of relatively small operating units i. e. maximum scope for democratic accountability ( campbell , 1980 , pp .

If the rarity of jade and the distances from which men were prepared to obtain supplies were one indication of the high regard in which the material was held by certain peoples , the investment in time and labour needed to shape this hard material to social needs was even more eloquent of its honorific status .
if the rarity of jade and the distances from which men were prepared to [get] supplies were one indication of the high regard in which the material was held by certain peoples , the investment in time and labour needed to shape this hard material to social needs was even more eloquent of its honorific status .

In the case of the Kobuk Eskimos their object in working jade , which they even carried on while waiting for caribou to cross the river , was to obtain a ready supply of trade goods .
in the case of the kobuk eskimos their object in working jade , which they even carried on while waiting for caribou to cross the river , was to [get] a ready supply of trade goods .

Martin Sauer records that when he visited the region in 1790 the Eskimos congregated in the present locality of Nome hoping to obtain supplies of precisely these commodities .
martin sauer records that when he visited the region in 1790 the eskimos congregated in the present locality of nome hoping to [get] supplies of precisely these commodities .

The ancient Egyptians were also attracted by turquoise , which they could obtain from mines in Sinai .
the ancient egyptians were also attracted by turquoise , which they could [get] from mines in sinai .

Since Europeans could obtain their diamonds only from India some technical interchange must have occurred .
since europeans could [get] their diamonds only from india some technical interchange must have occurred .

During the ensuing correspondence attempts were made on behalf of the applicant to obtain a much larger postponement whilst he sought to obtain legal aid for representation at the interview , but the Director of the Serious Fraud Office did not agree , and on 24 June she caused a further notice to be served , identical to the first , save that the interview was now to take place on 26 June , and the ‘ person under investigation ’ was identified as the applicant alone .
during the ensuing correspondence attempts were made on behalf of the applicant to [get] a much larger postponement whilst he sought to [get] legal aid for representation at the interview , but the director of the serious fraud office did not agree , and on 24 june she caused a further notice to be served , identical to the first , save that the interview was now to take place on 26 june , and the ‘ person under investigation ’ was identified as the applicant alone .

It seems that the use of such powers to obtain compulsory response to interrogation gradually faded away , and in practice were replaced by a caution , well before the caution became mandatory in 1848 .
it seems that the use of such powers to [get] compulsory response to interrogation gradually faded away , and in practice were replaced by a caution , well before the caution became mandatory in 1848 .

‘ Thus it is plain from these dicta , as well as from the ratio decidendi of the case , that the Divisional Court regarded the Director 's powers under section 2 to obtain information and documents from third persons as remaining unimpaired after the person under investigation had been charged .
‘ thus it is plain from these dicta , as well as from the ratio decidendi of the case , that the divisional court regarded the director 's powers under section 2 to [get] information and documents from third persons as remaining unimpaired after the person under investigation had been charged .

In addition , bail may also be denied if the court thinks it necessary for the defendant 's own protection , if there has been insufficient time to enable the court to obtain enough information to reach a decision , or if the defendant has previously failed to answer to bail .
in addition , bail may also be denied if the court thinks it necessary for the defendant 's own protection , if there has been insufficient time to enable the court to [get] enough information to reach a decision , or if the defendant has previously failed to answer to bail .

Few citizens entered the survey service , and for a kulak to obtain the equivalent of Navy commissioned rank required exceptional ability .
few citizens entered the survey service , and for a kulak to [get] the equivalent of navy commissioned rank required exceptional ability .

Freelance trading cartels competed constantly to obtain advance knowledge of the assignment of new commercial concessions by the Court of Adjudication , and this alone was sufficient to justify the elaborate security measures which the Survey Service employed .
freelance trading cartels competed constantly to [get] advance knowledge of the assignment of new commercial concessions by the court of adjudication , and this alone was sufficient to justify the elaborate security measures which the survey service employed .

Mr Lytham , however , when he called at the nursing-home to obtain Dorothy 's signature to her will , was far from happy when his client told him the content of the letter .
mr lytham , however , when he called at the nursing-home to [get] dorothy 's signature to her will , was far from happy when his client told him the content of the letter .

The aim of this subsection is to use capital market theory to obtain an expression for the risk premium of an index future .
the aim of this subsection is to use capital market theory to [get] an expression for the risk premium of an index future .

While there are those who may see this as a canny means of winning market share and believe that the participating publishers must be giving an arm and a leg in discount to obtain such control , the publishers concerned view it in less Machiavellian terms .
while there are those who may see this as a canny means of winning market share and believe that the participating publishers must be giving an arm and a leg in discount to [get] such control , the publishers concerned view it in less machiavellian terms .

In the past it has been difficult to obtain statistical information relating to publishing because the final analysis of the census of production data always produced figures that bracketed publishing with printing .
in the past it has been difficult to [get] statistical information relating to publishing because the final analysis of the census of production data always produced figures that bracketed publishing with printing .

Where the arrangement works well , children obtain a secure substitute home .
where the arrangement works well , children [get] a secure substitute home .

So , although many old people cope smoothly with the problems of ageing , others fail in varying degrees to obtain the special help they need .
so , although many old people cope smoothly with the problems of ageing , others fail in varying degrees to [get] the special help they need .

Most authorities now run day centres where old people can obtain care and recreation , and most use their residential homes for temporary admissions where necessary .
most authorities now run day centres where old people can [get] care and recreation , and most use their residential homes for temporary admissions where necessary .

If incapacity for work continues thereafter , a person can obtain invalidity benefit at the higher rate of £43.60 plus £26.20 for an adult dependant and £8.95 for each child .
if incapacity for work continues thereafter , a person can [get] invalidity benefit at the higher rate of £43.60 plus £26.20 for an adult dependant and £8.95 for each child .

If it is not possible to obtain informed consent , the opinion of a second , independent psychiatrist must be obtained , backed by consultation with non-medical members of the clinical team .
if it is not possible to [get] informed consent , the opinion of a second , independent psychiatrist must be obtained , backed by consultation with non-medical members of the clinical team .

It is impossible to obtain any foreign newspaper or magazine whatsoever in Belgrade .
it is impossible to [get] any foreign newspaper or magazine whatsoever in belgrade .

One reason for this lack of information is that it has been difficult to obtain pure enzymes that are sufficiently active under in vitro conditions .
one reason for this lack of information is that it has been difficult to [get] pure enzymes that are sufficiently active under in vitro conditions .

The worker should make strenuous efforts to help parents exercise their rights fully , for example by helping them obtain legal advice , and only after these steps have been taken , should a final agreement be signed .
the worker should make strenuous efforts to help parents exercise their rights fully , for example by helping them [get] legal advice , and only after these steps have been taken , should a final agreement be signed .

Experience in the North Western Region , where 18 district health authorities completed consultation in 1988 , and more recently in Strathclyde , Yorkshire , Wessex , and Northern Ireland , clearly shows that health authorities can obtain substantial public and professional support for fluoridation , even though opinion among local authorities remains divided .
experience in the north western region , where 18 district health authorities completed consultation in 1988 , and more recently in strathclyde , yorkshire , wessex , and northern ireland , clearly shows that health authorities can [get] substantial public and professional support for fluoridation , even though opinion among local authorities remains divided .

The debris scores were totalled and divided by the number of surfaces scored to obtain the debris index .
the debris scores were totalled and divided by the number of surfaces scored to [get] the debris index .

This study has shown that child psychiatrists have some special requirements for referral letters , but they are unlikely to obtain the desired information unless they educate general practitioners .
this study has shown that child psychiatrists have some special requirements for referral letters , but they are unlikely to [get] the desired information unless they educate general practitioners .

The purpose of this study is to compare results from the Asthma Question Box with a conventional paper and pencil symptom diary to obtain information about missing records , retrospective completion ( from an analysis of electronic date records ) , and accuracy ( from comparison of data entry by the two methods ) .
the purpose of this study is to compare results from the asthma question box with a conventional paper and pencil symptom diary to [get] information about missing records , retrospective completion ( from an analysis of electronic date records ) , and accuracy ( from comparison of data entry by the two methods ) .

Because of the wide variability indicated in this and other studies several samples would have to be analysed to obtain a reasonably accurate estimate of urinary albumin excretion , and this is not feasible in routine clinical practice .
because of the wide variability indicated in this and other studies several samples would have to be analysed to [get] a reasonably accurate estimate of urinary albumin excretion , and this is not feasible in routine clinical practice .

Possible underascertainment has been carefully analysed , and a questionnaire was sent to parents , or those affected were invited with their families for a personal examination to check the diagnoses and to obtain necessary data .
possible underascertainment has been carefully analysed , and a questionnaire was sent to parents , or those affected were invited with their families for a personal examination to check the diagnoses and to [get] necessary data .

Some hakims manufacture their own remedies from raw materials bought in India , whereas others obtain commercial preparations directly from manufacturers in India or Pakistan .
some hakims manufacture their own remedies from raw materials bought in india , whereas others [get] commercial preparations directly from manufacturers in india or pakistan .

State governments have been closing these hospital based services to help save money on their capped budgets , on the assumption that patients will be able to obtain such services in the community , funded by the open ended Medicare budget from the federal government .
state governments have been closing these hospital based services to help save money on their capped budgets , on the assumption that patients will be able to [get] such services in the community , funded by the open ended medicare budget from the federal government .

There is no natural flint in Islay so from where did the inhabitants obtain the great quantity of nodules they would require from which to make their tools ?
there is no natural flint in islay so from where did the inhabitants [get] the great quantity of nodules they would require from which to make their tools ?

That the community in general are favourable to the ministrations of the Free Church in preference to any other if they could only obtain them regularly .
that the community in general are favourable to the ministrations of the free church in preference to any other if they could only [get] them regularly .

That the petitioners beg earnestly to press the consideration of these circumstances upon the Presbytery in the hope that they shall use every effort to obtain services of some servant of Christ who may promote his cause among so neglected and spiritually destitute a community , to which perhaps a parallel will not be found in the Highlands of Scotland .
that the petitioners beg earnestly to press the consideration of these circumstances upon the presbytery in the hope that they shall use every effort to [get] services of some servant of christ who may promote his cause among so neglected and spiritually destitute a community , to which perhaps a parallel will not be found in the highlands of scotland .

Doctors are often understandably reluctant on first encounter with a patient to obtain the detailed personal history necessary to assess his or her risk category .
doctors are often understandably reluctant on first encounter with a patient to [get] the detailed personal history necessary to assess his or her risk category .

To obtain information about social and demographic characteristics and lifestyle of adult patients with cystic fibrosis , including those who do not attend major specialist clinics .
to [get] information about social and demographic characteristics and lifestyle of adult patients with cystic fibrosis , including those who do not attend major specialist clinics .

Each patient 's record was reviewed to obtain the following information : age and sex ; history ; state of hydration on admission ; whether a pyloric mass was felt ; whether a test feed was given during abdominal examination ; and whether any diagnostic imaging was used .
each patient 's record was reviewed to [get] the following information : age and sex ; history ; state of hydration on admission ; whether a pyloric mass was felt ; whether a test feed was given during abdominal examination ; and whether any diagnostic imaging was used .

The use of cool boxes was so rare that we can not comment on their potential effectiveness , and it is difficult to obtain small cool boxes of known effectiveness in Britain .
the use of cool boxes was so rare that we can not comment on their potential effectiveness , and it is difficult to [get] small cool boxes of known effectiveness in britain .

In Non-preventive or non-therapeutic research the experimental subject is simply assisting the research to obtain biological data
in non-preventive or non-therapeutic research the experimental subject is simply assisting the research to [get] biological data

In a trial each subject stands to benefit ( though in the event no benefit may arise or there may even be risk of harm ) , but in non-preventive or non-therapeutic research the experimental subject is simply assisting the researcher to obtain biological data — for example , how a particular drug is excreted .
in a trial each subject stands to benefit ( though in the event no benefit may arise or there may even be risk of harm ) , but in non-preventive or non-therapeutic research the experimental subject is simply assisting the researcher to [get] biological data — for example , how a particular drug is excreted .

Francome suggests that the only way to obtain reliable data about heterosexual behaviour is to ask men about their previous experiences and the ages of their partners and from the responses construct the data for women .
francome suggests that the only way to [get] reliable data about heterosexual behaviour is to ask men about their previous experiences and the ages of their partners and from the responses construct the data for women .

Yet when an attempt was made to obtain nicotine patches or chewing gum to help the patient over her withdrawal and reduce the chaos none were available .
yet when an attempt was made to [get] nicotine patches or chewing gum to help the patient over her withdrawal and reduce the chaos none were available .

There are at least two other central issues that must be discussed before we can obtain a clearer insight into what is involved in regarding something as an ontological existent .
there are at least two other central issues that must be discussed before we can [get] a clearer insight into what is involved in regarding something as an ontological existent .

Although corrected estimates are easy to obtain , no software exists which correctly computes confidence intervals for the estimates of the regression coefficients .
although corrected estimates are easy to [get] , no software exists which correctly computes confidence intervals for the estimates of the regression coefficients .

To obtain a picture of the present prevalence of incontinence in the community , the handicap associated with it , and the current uptake of services , the British Association for Continence Care commissioned a poll from Market and Opinion Research International which was carried out in 1991 .
to [get] a picture of the present prevalence of incontinence in the community , the handicap associated with it , and the current uptake of services , the british association for continence care commissioned a poll from market and opinion research international which was carried out in 1991 .

Perhaps the conflict for the parent could be resolved by removing the means test until 16 , while social services departments might be able to obtain central funding for this small group of children .
perhaps the conflict for the parent could be resolved by removing the means test until 16 , while social services departments might be able to [get] central funding for this small group of children .

Ideally , an archaeologist wants to obtain as much information as possible about both the stratigraphy of a site and its plan , but there is a conflict between the two approaches .
ideally , an archaeologist wants to [get] as much information as possible about both the stratigraphy of a site and its plan , but there is a conflict between the two approaches .

Our support can only be effective to the extent that these universals obtain ; it certainly can not substitute for them .
our support can only be effective to the extent that these universals [get] ; it certainly can not substitute for them .

Evidence of discrimination in these sectors is less easy to obtain .
evidence of discrimination in these sectors is less easy to [get] .

As marriage is a legal contract , divorce requires legal approval ; if this approval becomes easier to obtain , then there will be more divorces .
as marriage is a legal contract , divorce requires legal approval ; if this approval becomes easier to [get] , then there will be more divorces .

Comparative data is difficult to obtain .
comparative data is difficult to [get] .

This was because they generally had low and insecure incomes , so they could not obtain a mortgage for buying their own suburban house .
this was because they generally had low and insecure incomes , so they could not [get] a mortgage for buying their own suburban house .

Also , they generally had not been living in the city ( in this case , in Birmingham ) long enough ( 5 years ) to obtain council housing and , if they had , they were generally offered sub-standard short-life housing in the inner city .
also , they generally had not been living in the city ( in this case , in birmingham ) long enough ( 5 years ) to [get] council housing and , if they had , they were generally offered sub-standard short-life housing in the inner city .

Different patterns of social life obtain in different areas of the city .
different patterns of social life [get] in different areas of the city .

One in five appellants had made some attempt to obtain advice prior to the hearing , but only one in eight appellants is represented by an expert , as distinct from being accompanied by another member of the family or a friend without expert knowledge .
one in five appellants had made some attempt to [get] advice prior to the hearing , but only one in eight appellants is represented by an expert , as distinct from being accompanied by another member of the family or a friend without expert knowledge .

Many employees do not worry about such matters until a dispute arises , but the provisions do enable employees and their advisers to obtain details of the main terms of the contract of employment without too much difficulty .
many employees do not worry about such matters until a dispute arises , but the provisions do enable employees and their advisers to [get] details of the main terms of the contract of employment without too much difficulty .

Many solicitors still obtain business through ‘ networking ’ , that is , establishing a network of friends and business contacts likely to refer business to the solicitor .
many solicitors still [get] business through ‘ networking ’ , that is , establishing a network of friends and business contacts likely to refer business to the solicitor .

Secondly , they can require the solicitor to obtain a remuneration certificate from The Law Society to show whether the fees are fair and reasonable .
secondly , they can require the solicitor to [get] a remuneration certificate from the law society to show whether the fees are fair and reasonable .

Should the bishop or his candidate protest , the king 's nominee would soon obtain an appropriate writ from chancery whereby the issue could be decided in the king 's court by the king 's judges .
should the bishop or his candidate protest , the king 's nominee would soon [get] an appropriate writ from chancery whereby the issue could be decided in the king 's court by the king 's judges .

Growing in acid soil singularly poor in nutrients , it is remarkably adapted to obtain essential nitrogen from small invertebrates .
growing in acid soil singularly poor in nutrients , it is remarkably adapted to [get] essential nitrogen from small invertebrates .

Indeed , with a very small agency , you may see only one person — who may be both account executive and copywriter , and obtain most other necessary services from outside organizations .
indeed , with a very small agency , you may see only one person — who may be both account executive and copywriter , and [get] most other necessary services from outside organizations .

This reflects , primarily , the client 's objectives for the brand — what are the targets , in terms of sales , market share , consumer purchasing and usage ? But to these targets needs to be added an analysis of what must be achieved in order to obtain them , in terms of both the behaviour and attitude of consumers : and of more functional matters such as ( for example ) greatly improved distribution — to put it in what is , from the agency 's point of view , the most defensive way possible , it is too easy to blame the advertising when the sales force has failed to achieve the necessary levels of retail distribution to support the required sales .
this reflects , primarily , the client 's objectives for the brand — what are the targets , in terms of sales , market share , consumer purchasing and usage ? but to these targets needs to be added an analysis of what must be achieved in order to [get] them , in terms of both the behaviour and attitude of consumers : and of more functional matters such as ( for example ) greatly improved distribution — to put it in what is , from the agency 's point of view , the most defensive way possible , it is too easy to blame the advertising when the sales force has failed to achieve the necessary levels of retail distribution to support the required sales .

In press , the media group should obtain voucher copies of all magazines , and examine copies of all newspapers , in which their ads appear .
in press , the media group should [get] voucher copies of all magazines , and examine copies of all newspapers , in which their ads appear .

‘ ( 1 ) The consent of a minor who has attained the age of 16 years to any surgical , medical or dental treatment which , in the absence of consent , would constitute a trespass to his person , shall be as effective as it would be if he were of full age ; and where a minor has by virtue of this section given an effective consent to any treatment it shall not be necessary to obtain any consent for it from his parent or guardian .
‘ ( 1 ) the consent of a minor who has attained the age of 16 years to any surgical , medical or dental treatment which , in the absence of consent , would constitute a trespass to his person , shall be as effective as it would be if he were of full age ; and where a minor has by virtue of this section given an effective consent to any treatment it shall not be necessary to [get] any consent for it from his parent or guardian .

Failure to obtain such consent will not only deprive the patient and the medical staff of this advantage , but will usually make it much more difficult to administer the treatment .
failure to [get] such consent will not only deprive the patient and the medical staff of this advantage , but will usually make it much more difficult to administer the treatment .

‘ ( 1 ) The consent of a minor who has attained the age of 16 years to any … medical … treatment which , in the absence of consent , would constitute a trespass to his person , shall be as effective as it would be if he were of full age ; and where a minor has by virtue of this section given an effective consent to any treatment it shall not be necessary to obtain any consent for it from his parent or guardian .
‘ ( 1 ) the consent of a minor who has attained the age of 16 years to any … medical … treatment which , in the absence of consent , would constitute a trespass to his person , shall be as effective as it would be if he were of full age ; and where a minor has by virtue of this section given an effective consent to any treatment it shall not be necessary to [get] any consent for it from his parent or guardian .

The Lord Chief Justice has agreed with me that this is the appropriate time to obtain an initial judicial view on the requirements of retribution and deterrence .
the lord chief justice has agreed with me that this is the appropriate time to [get] an initial judicial view on the requirements of retribution and deterrence .

The only possible resolution of the difficulty would have been to obtain the consent of both Mr. Brant and the plaintiff to reveal Mr. Perot 's interest to the other .
the only possible resolution of the difficulty would have been to [get] the consent of both mr. brant and the plaintiff to reveal mr. perot 's interest to the other .

By a notice of appeal dated 25 November 1991 , and pursuant to the grant of leave to appeal out of time , the plaintiff appealed on the grounds that the judge erred in law in holding that ( 1 ) the defendant was at 24 December 1989 a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the Housing Act 1988 and a statutory tenant within section 2 of the Rent Act 1977 ; and ( 2 ) once a possession order had been obtained against a statutory tenant it was necessary for the landlord to obtain a warrant of possession .
by a notice of appeal dated 25 november 1991 , and pursuant to the grant of leave to appeal out of time , the plaintiff appealed on the grounds that the judge erred in law in holding that ( 1 ) the defendant was at 24 december 1989 a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the housing act 1988 and a statutory tenant within section 2 of the rent act 1977 ; and ( 2 ) once a possession order had been obtained against a statutory tenant it was necessary for the landlord to [get] a warrant of possession .

International Law — Recognition — Effect — Proceeds of goods belonging to Republic of Somalia in court — Somali government overthrown — Interim government set up by nominee of international conference — No administrative control over territory of Somalia — Solicitors instructed by interim government to obtain payment out — Whether authority to act on behalf of Republic of Somalia — Whether proceeds to be paid out
international law — recognition — effect — proceeds of goods belonging to republic of somalia in court — somali government overthrown — interim government set up by nominee of international conference — no administrative control over territory of somalia — solicitors instructed by interim government to [get] payment out — whether authority to act on behalf of republic of somalia — whether proceeds to be paid out

The paragraph is directed , in my opinion , to fraud practised upon the Land Registry in order to obtain the entry in question .
the paragraph is directed , in my opinion , to fraud practised upon the land registry in order to [get] the entry in question .

No fraud was used to obtain the entry on the charges register of the building society 's legal charge .
no fraud was used to [get] the entry on the charges register of the building society 's legal charge .

Thus the second safeguard is that he who wishes to serve the proceedings abroad must first obtain an exercise by the court of its discretion in his favour .
thus the second safeguard is that he who wishes to serve the proceedings abroad must first [get] an exercise by the court of its discretion in his favour .

Section 39 is sidenoted ‘ Power to obtain information and require production of documents .
section 39 is sidenoted ‘ power to [get] information and require production of documents .

Mr. Philipson , relying on the final paragraph of the notice itself quoted above , and upon a minute textual analysis of Mr. Barnes ' affidavit , submitted that it was plain that the real purpose of the Bank of England was to obtain the documents for the Federal Reserve Board , and not for the purpose of exercising its own supervisory function .
mr. philipson , relying on the final paragraph of the notice itself quoted above , and upon a minute textual analysis of mr. barnes ' affidavit , submitted that it was plain that the real purpose of the bank of england was to [get] the documents for the federal reserve board , and not for the purpose of exercising its own supervisory function .

In a typical case in which a husband , seeking a bank advance for his business purposes , is told by his bank manager that security in the form of a charge over the jointly owned matrimonial home must be provided , it would astonish both the husband and the bank manager to be told that the husband had been appointed by the bank as its agent to obtain the wife 's consent to the proposed charge .
in a typical case in which a husband , seeking a bank advance for his business purposes , is told by his bank manager that security in the form of a charge over the jointly owned matrimonial home must be provided , it would astonish both the husband and the bank manager to be told that the husband had been appointed by the bank as its agent to [get] the wife 's consent to the proposed charge .

In April 1987 discussions took place between Mr. Tucker and Mr. O'Brien in which Mr. O'Brien was endeavouring to obtain an increase in the overdraft facilities available to the company .
in april 1987 discussions took place between mr. tucker and mr. o'brien in which mr. o'brien was endeavouring to [get] an increase in the overdraft facilities available to the company .

( 3 ) That you recommended that we should obtain independent legal advice before signing this letter .
( 3 ) that you recommended that we should [get] independent legal advice before signing this letter .

‘ the basal reason for binding the creditor with equities arising from the conduct of the husband is that in substance , if not technically , the wife is a volunteer conferring an important advantage upon her husband who in virtue of his position has an opportunity of abusing the confidence she may be expected to place in him and the creditor relies upon the person in that position to obtain her agreement to become his surety .
‘ the basal reason for binding the creditor with equities arising from the conduct of the husband is that in substance , if not technically , the wife is a volunteer conferring an important advantage upon her husband who in virtue of his position has an opportunity of abusing the confidence she may be expected to place in him and the creditor relies upon the person in that position to [get] her agreement to become his surety .

‘ if a creditor , or potential creditor , of a husband desires to obtain , by way of security for the husband 's indebtedness , a guarantee from his wife … then the creditor can be in no better position than the husband himself , and the creditor can not enforce the guarantee or the security against the wife if it is established that the execution of the document by the wife was procured by undue influence of the husband and the wife had no independent advice .
‘ if a creditor , or potential creditor , of a husband desires to [get] , by way of security for the husband 's indebtedness , a guarantee from his wife … then the creditor can be in no better position than the husband himself , and the creditor can not enforce the guarantee or the security against the wife if it is established that the execution of the document by the wife was procured by undue influence of the husband and the wife had no independent advice .

‘ the concentration on actual or ostensible authority being ‘ given to the husband to act on behalf of the bank ’ may not be a reliable way of applying the test now well established by authority , albeit … that the real question is whether the bank were content to leave it to the husband to obtain the wife 's signature upon the charge .
‘ the concentration on actual or ostensible authority being ‘ given to the husband to act on behalf of the bank ’ may not be a reliable way of applying the test now well established by authority , albeit … that the real question is whether the bank were content to leave it to the husband to [get] the wife 's signature upon the charge .

‘ The situation in which a surety is required to give a guarantee or charge property to secure the liability of a debtor to a creditor is on the authorities a fruitful area for the exercise of undue influence , particularly by the debtor over the surety to obtain the guarantee or charge the debtor needs to satisfy the creditor .
‘ the situation in which a surety is required to give a guarantee or charge property to secure the liability of a debtor to a creditor is on the authorities a fruitful area for the exercise of undue influence , particularly by the debtor over the surety to [get] the guarantee or charge the debtor needs to satisfy the creditor .

Where in the authorities difficulty has arisen this has often been the result of the introduction of an issue whether the creditor appointed the debtor as its agent to obtain the signature of the surety to the charge upon which the creditor sought to rely .
where in the authorities difficulty has arisen this has often been the result of the introduction of an issue whether the creditor appointed the debtor as its agent to [get] the signature of the surety to the charge upon which the creditor sought to rely .

But Mr. de Lacy submits that both it and the previous cases which it applied are clearly distinguishable from the instant case because they all rested upon the critical circumstances that the lender or creditor in each case left it to the principal debtor to obtain , in such a way as he thought fit , the execution of the document .
but mr. de lacy submits that both it and the previous cases which it applied are clearly distinguishable from the instant case because they all rested upon the critical circumstances that the lender or creditor in each case left it to the principal debtor to [get] , in such a way as he thought fit , the execution of the document .

The trial judge found against the wife on her contention that the husband acted as the bank 's agent to obtain her attendance to sign the charge , but made no finding whether the husband had exerted undue influence upon her .
the trial judge found against the wife on her contention that the husband acted as the bank 's agent to [get] her attendance to sign the charge , but made no finding whether the husband had exerted undue influence upon her .

‘ Again , the concentration on actual or ostensible authority being ‘ given to the husband to act on behalf of the bank ’ may not be a reliable way of applying the test now well established by authority , albeit since this judgment was delivered , that the real question is whether the bank were content to leave it to the husband to obtain the wife 's signature upon the charge .
‘ again , the concentration on actual or ostensible authority being ‘ given to the husband to act on behalf of the bank ’ may not be a reliable way of applying the test now well established by authority , albeit since this judgment was delivered , that the real question is whether the bank were content to leave it to the husband to [get] the wife 's signature upon the charge .

In the case of two of the charges , the court held that , Mrs. Aboody having come to the bank herself to execute the charges , it could not be said that the bank left it to the husband to obtain the wife 's signature .
in the case of two of the charges , the court held that , mrs. aboody having come to the bank herself to execute the charges , it could not be said that the bank left it to the husband to [get] the wife 's signature .

In relation to the third charge , it was likewise clear that the bank could never have been said ‘ to have left it to the husband to obtain the signature of the wife ’ on the charge documents .
in relation to the third charge , it was likewise clear that the bank could never have been said ‘ to have left it to the husband to [get] the signature of the wife ’ on the charge documents .

( 3 ) Where the creditor leaves it to the debtor to obtain the signature of a third party surety on documents of guarantee or on documents charging the surety 's principal or important asset , it exposes itself to the possibility of being restrained under applicable equitable doctrines .
( 3 ) where the creditor leaves it to the debtor to [get] the signature of a third party surety on documents of guarantee or on documents charging the surety 's principal or important asset , it exposes itself to the possibility of being restrained under applicable equitable doctrines .

‘ The discretion must be exercised with a recognition that the primary purpose of section 236 is to enable office-holders to obtain the information which would have been obtainable by the company as a going concern .
‘ the discretion must be exercised with a recognition that the primary purpose of section 236 is to enable office-holders to [get] the information which would have been obtainable by the company as a going concern .

‘ in particular with the basic proposition that the exercise of the discretion involves the balancing of the requirements of the liquidator or administrator to obtain information on the one hand against the possible oppression to the person sought to be examined on the other .
‘ in particular with the basic proposition that the exercise of the discretion involves the balancing of the requirements of the liquidator or administrator to [get] information on the one hand against the possible oppression to the person sought to be examined on the other .

‘ Those extensive powers are conferred upon the court for the beneficial winding up of the company , for sometimes it happens that the liquidator is unable to obtain from unwilling persons the information which he requires .
‘ those extensive powers are conferred upon the court for the beneficial winding up of the company , for sometimes it happens that the liquidator is unable to [get] from unwilling persons the information which he requires .

Crime — Computer misuse — Unauthorised access — Person using one computer to obtain from it unauthorised benefit — Whether unauthorised use of single computer within statute — ‘ Access to any program or data held in any computer ’ — Computer Misuse Act 1990 ( c. 18 ) , ss. 1(1) , 2(1)
crime — computer misuse — unauthorised access — person using one computer to [get] from it unauthorised benefit — whether unauthorised use of single computer within statute — ‘ access to any program or data held in any computer ’ — computer misuse act 1990 ( c. 18 ) , ss. 1(1) , 2(1)

Similar efforts were made to obtain evidence from Switzerland and the United States of America .
similar efforts were made to [get] evidence from switzerland and the united states of america .

If you wish to obtain either of these more detailed reports we can request one from the surveyor or valuer we would normally use to obtain our report and mortgage valuation .
if you wish to [get] either of these more detailed reports we can request one from the surveyor or valuer we would normally use to [get] our report and mortgage valuation .

If , however , you are not intending to obtain a Woolwich mortgage then the fee will reflect the fact that there will not be a need for a mortgage valuation report .
if , however , you are not intending to [get] a woolwich mortgage then the fee will reflect the fact that there will not be a need for a mortgage valuation report .

He did not , it is to be noted , obtain employment as a manager .
he did not , it is to be noted , [get] employment as a manager .

It was contended by the Crown that the holder of a justice 's licence , which by virtue of his appointment as tenant the appellant might have been able to obtain , was the holder of an ‘ office ’ within the meaning of the Act ; but this court did not find it necessary to decide that point on the facts of the case .
it was contended by the crown that the holder of a justice 's licence , which by virtue of his appointment as tenant the appellant might have been able to [get] , was the holder of an ‘ office ’ within the meaning of the act ; but this court did not find it necessary to decide that point on the facts of the case .

The local authority , which had sought the guidance of the court and had supported the mother 's successful efforts to obtain the order , had in the meanwhile reconsidered its position .
the local authority , which had sought the guidance of the court and had supported the mother 's successful efforts to [get] the order , had in the meanwhile reconsidered its position .

The only sense in which the legislature can be properly said to have authorised these things to be done is that it has enabled the Poor Law Board to order , and the managers to do them , if , and when , and where , they can obtain by free bargain and contract the means of doing so .
the only sense in which the legislature can be properly said to have authorised these things to be done is that it has enabled the poor law board to order , and the managers to do them , if , and when , and where , they can [get] by free bargain and contract the means of doing so .

( b ) Money paid to a person in a public or quasi-public position to obtain the performance by him of a duty which he is bound to perform for nothing or for less than the sum demanded by him is recoverable to the extent that he is not entitled to it .
( b ) money paid to a person in a public or quasi-public position to [get] the performance by him of a duty which he is bound to perform for nothing or for less than the sum demanded by him is recoverable to the extent that he is not entitled to it .

The Chief Justice 's reference to the lack of an equal footing was , in my view , to the fact that the defendant was in a position to force the plaintiff to comply with the lawful demand if he wished to obtain the necessary licence to continue to trade , and not simply to the fact that the defendant held an official position whereas the plaintiff did not .
the chief justice 's reference to the lack of an equal footing was , in my view , to the fact that the defendant was in a position to force the plaintiff to comply with the lawful demand if he wished to [get] the necessary licence to continue to trade , and not simply to the fact that the defendant held an official position whereas the plaintiff did not .

But there is a compulsion to adopt one or the other , and whichever course he may take he can not obtain possession of his goods without handing over to the collector either absolutely or conditionally the amount claimed as duty .
but there is a compulsion to adopt one or the other , and whichever course he may take he can not [get] possession of his goods without handing over to the collector either absolutely or conditionally the amount claimed as duty .

On entering the house , the defendant said that he was unhappy at Paulette 's having married Zaidie and that he was going to obtain a copy of the marriage certificate and would shoot Paulette if she had married while she was still talking to the defendant ( the date of the marriage was actually 10 December 1986 ) .
on entering the house , the defendant said that he was unhappy at paulette 's having married zaidie and that he was going to [get] a copy of the marriage certificate and would shoot paulette if she had married while she was still talking to the defendant ( the date of the marriage was actually 10 december 1986 ) .

If the judge fears that the foreman may unwittingly say something harmful , he should obtain the query from him in writing , read it , let counsel see it and then give openly such direction as he sees fit .
if the judge fears that the foreman may unwittingly say something harmful , he should [get] the query from him in writing , read it , let counsel see it and then give openly such direction as he sees fit .

( 2 ) Subsection ( 1 ) applies to the following civil proceedings in the High Court , namely — ( a ) proceedings for infringement of rights pertaining to any intellectual property or for passing off ; ( b ) proceedings brought to obtain disclosure of information relating to any infringement of such rights or to any passing off ; and ( c ) proceedings brought to prevent any apprehended infringement of such rights or any apprehended passing off .
( 2 ) subsection ( 1 ) applies to the following civil proceedings in the high court , namely — ( a ) proceedings for infringement of rights pertaining to any intellectual property or for passing off ; ( b ) proceedings brought to [get] disclosure of information relating to any infringement of such rights or to any passing off ; and ( c ) proceedings brought to prevent any apprehended infringement of such rights or any apprehended passing off .

The defendant , a bankrupt , was charged with obtaining property by deception , contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 by providing false information to a building society in order to obtain a mortgage .
the defendant , a bankrupt , was charged with obtaining property by deception , contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 by providing false information to a building society in order to [get] a mortgage .

The object was to recover stolen property for the owners and obtain evidence against persons who had either stolen or dishonestly handled it .
the object was to recover stolen property for the owners and [get] evidence against persons who had either stolen or dishonestly handled it .

There are , in criminal investigations , a number of situations in which the police adopt ruses or tricks in the public interest to obtain evidence .
there are , in criminal investigations , a number of situations in which the police adopt ruses or tricks in the public interest to [get] evidence .

Under ss 252 to 263 , a debtor can obtain what is , in effect , a moratorium from the court pending the preparation of proposals to be put to his creditors via an insolvency practitioner for the payment of their debts or part of them as an alternative to the debtor 's bankruptcy .
under ss 252 to 263 , a debtor can [get] what is , in effect , a moratorium from the court pending the preparation of proposals to be put to his creditors via an insolvency practitioner for the payment of their debts or part of them as an alternative to the debtor 's bankruptcy .

If the committee resolves that a trustee who has used improper solicitation to obtain proxies or to procure his appointment as trustee , should nonetheless receive remuneration for acting as trustee , the court can override this resolution ( r 6.148 ( 2 ) ) .
if the committee resolves that a trustee who has used improper solicitation to [get] proxies or to procure his appointment as trustee , should nonetheless receive remuneration for acting as trustee , the court can override this resolution ( r 6.148 ( 2 ) ) .

The trustee can seek to obtain the agreement of members of the committee to a resolution by sending to every member a copy of the proposed resolution ( r 6.162 ( 1 ) ) .
the trustee can seek to [get] the agreement of members of the committee to a resolution by sending to every member a copy of the proposed resolution ( r 6.162 ( 1 ) ) .

Through our planning consultants we enquired of Fareham Council whether we could demolish it without the need to obtain planning permission to replace it ( in the same place , size , shape etc ) .
through our planning consultants we enquired of fareham council whether we could demolish it without the need to [get] planning permission to replace it ( in the same place , size , shape etc ) .

In the fifties Khomeini attempted , vainly to obtain clemency for members of the Islamic fedayeen ( the precursor of Islamic jihad and Hezbollah which came to prominence in Lebanon in the 1980 's ) who had been sentenced to death for assassinating prominent members of the Shah regime .
in the fifties khomeini attempted , vainly to [get] clemency for members of the islamic fedayeen ( the precursor of islamic jihad and hezbollah which came to prominence in lebanon in the 1980 's ) who had been sentenced to death for assassinating prominent members of the shah regime .

To obtain that information you need do little more than watch people .
to [get] that information you need do little more than watch people .

Many feature and food writers from various newspapers and magazines have tried over the years to obtain information and interviews and all have been denied .
many feature and food writers from various newspapers and magazines have tried over the years to [get] information and interviews and all have been denied .

These flies are usually quite secretive , living in herbage on or near the ground , and so the fungus has evolved an elaborate strategy to obtain the best wind dispersal of its spores .
these flies are usually quite secretive , living in herbage on or near the ground , and so the fungus has evolved an elaborate strategy to [get] the best wind dispersal of its spores .

Another argument for legalisation of cannabis and other drugs is that criminals will no longer benefit from trafficking and individual sufferers will no longer need to commit crimes in order to obtain the money for their supply .
another argument for legalisation of cannabis and other drugs is that criminals will no longer benefit from trafficking and individual sufferers will no longer need to commit crimes in order to [get] the money for their supply .

This argument overlooks a feature of addictive disease that is often overlooked by those who currently advocate substitution with medically prescribed drugs : the addict will commonly take the prescribed drug and an additional illegal drug or may sell the prescribed drug in order to obtain a preferred illegal drug .
this argument overlooks a feature of addictive disease that is often overlooked by those who currently advocate substitution with medically prescribed drugs : the addict will commonly take the prescribed drug and an additional illegal drug or may sell the prescribed drug in order to [get] a preferred illegal drug .

Sufferers from drug addiction are perpetually in trouble with the Law because their drugs of choice may be illegal and because they may have to steal or commit other offences in order to obtain their drugs or the money to buy them .
sufferers from drug addiction are perpetually in trouble with the law because their drugs of choice may be illegal and because they may have to steal or commit other offences in order to [get] their drugs or the money to buy them .

However , where there are small numbers of members of a particular Anonymous Fellowships it may be difficult to obtain sufficient numbers to get the maximum benefit from the group process .
however , where there are small numbers of members of a particular anonymous fellowships it may be difficult to [get] sufficient numbers to get the maximum benefit from the group process .

Each piece of gum should be chewed firmly for twenty minutes to obtain the full effect .
each piece of gum should be chewed firmly for twenty minutes to [get] the full effect .

i Hero : This child believes that he or she can only obtain love and appreciation through achievement .
i hero : this child believes that he or she can only [get] love and appreciation through achievement .

Treatment Centres tent to find that they can not predict which people are most likely to obtain lasting recovery .
treatment centres tent to find that they can not predict which people are most likely to [get] lasting recovery .

There are feelings of anger and resentment at being singled out by the disease , at being unable to achieve the control one fought so hard to obtain , at being forced to accept defeat , at being forced towards recovery by the sheer weight of consequences and sometimes by the final threats of others who have at last truly come to the end of their patience and understanding , at having to give up the `` trusted friend `` , at having to face up to issues one most wanted to forget and at having to make an inventory , admit one 's wrongs and make amends .
there are feelings of anger and resentment at being singled out by the disease , at being unable to achieve the control one fought so hard to [get] , at being forced to accept defeat , at being forced towards recovery by the sheer weight of consequences and sometimes by the final threats of others who have at last truly come to the end of their patience and understanding , at having to give up the `` trusted friend `` , at having to face up to issues one most wanted to forget and at having to make an inventory , admit one 's wrongs and make amends .

Obtain the support of the most senior person in the Company and also of the Trades Unions .
[get] the support of the most senior person in the company and also of the trades unions .

Obtain advice and support from local contacts in the Anonymous Fellowships , including the Family Fellowships .
[get] advice and support from local contacts in the anonymous fellowships , including the family fellowships .

The objection may be signed by an agent , who , for his own protection ought to obtain a written mandate from those whom he represents : see subs .
the objection may be signed by an agent , who , for his own protection ought to [get] a written mandate from those whom he represents : see subs .

4 , and , in respect of which , part of the premises have been adapted and set aside for the provision of the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening or both , The procedure for applying the section to the premises is similar to the procedure under 5,57 , Before a licence-holder can apply the section to his premises , he has to obtain a declaration of satisfaction from the licensing board that part of his premises are adapted and used or intended to be used for habitually providing the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening and that the adapted part does not contain a bar counter ( subs .
4 , and , in respect of which , part of the premises have been adapted and set aside for the provision of the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening or both , the procedure for applying the section to the premises is similar to the procedure under 5,57 , before a licence-holder can apply the section to his premises , he has to [get] a declaration of satisfaction from the licensing board that part of his premises are adapted and used or intended to be used for habitually providing the customary main meal at mid-day or in the evening and that the adapted part does not contain a bar counter ( subs .

b ) Failure to obtain the correct information , eg misreading , or more rarely , the fault of an instrument , or neglect of essential information because attention is directed elsewhere .
b ) failure to [get] the correct information , eg misreading , or more rarely , the fault of an instrument , or neglect of essential information because attention is directed elsewhere .

‘ To this he called you through our gospel , so that you may obtain the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ ’ ( 2 Thess .
‘ to this he called you through our gospel , so that you may [get] the glory of our lord jesus christ ’ ( 2 thess .

Now he spread out on his table the note taken from the dead girl 's handbag , placing on each side the two specimens of the husband 's handwriting which the police had been able to obtain .
now he spread out on his table the note taken from the dead girl 's handbag , placing on each side the two specimens of the husband 's handwriting which the police had been able to [get] .

One of the more commonly used methods of sales forecasting is to obtain from salesforce personnel and sales managers their combined view of sales to be expected during the forecast period .
one of the more commonly used methods of sales forecasting is to [get] from salesforce personnel and sales managers their combined view of sales to be expected during the forecast period .

f ) Availability of data : there will be limits to the kind of information that is readily accessible , and to the finance available to obtain it .
f ) availability of data : there will be limits to the kind of information that is readily accessible , and to the finance available to [get] it .

The aim of the approach was to avoid the tension of the individual interview , and to obtain group influence on the response of individuals , Consumer attitudes and behaviour towards a product like cotton wool are to a considerable extent shaped by the views and actions of other people .
the aim of the approach was to avoid the tension of the individual interview , and to [get] group influence on the response of individuals , consumer attitudes and behaviour towards a product like cotton wool are to a considerable extent shaped by the views and actions of other people .

Increasingly , they are also likely to be interested in the budgeted cost of the purchase , and the return they obtain from it ( perhaps measured in terms of payback or discounted cash flow ) .
increasingly , they are also likely to be interested in the budgeted cost of the purchase , and the return they [get] from it ( perhaps measured in terms of payback or discounted cash flow ) .

* the user has perhaps to budget for the cost of the item , and will wish to maximise the value for money he or she can obtain from the expenditure ; * the user has to cope with the consequences of late delivery , faulty products , breakdowns and servicing requirements ( etc ) ; * the user will be concerned with product reliability and supplier reputation .
* the user has perhaps to budget for the cost of the item , and will wish to maximise the value for money he or she can [get] from the expenditure ; * the user has to cope with the consequences of late delivery , faulty products , breakdowns and servicing requirements ( etc ) ; * the user will be concerned with product reliability and supplier reputation .

The mass producer ( who may be production , quality or sales orientated ) may attempt to supply all , or a substantial part of this total demand , and in so doing may consider that he can obtain a price , volume or distribution advantage relative to smaller scale producers .
the mass producer ( who may be production , quality or sales orientated ) may attempt to supply all , or a substantial part of this total demand , and in so doing may consider that he can [get] a price , volume or distribution advantage relative to smaller scale producers .

( 5 ) Obtain relevant sample consumer perceptions about : ( a ) food purchase priorities and influences ; ( b ) your own products ; ( c ) competitor 's products ; ( d ) relevant retail provision relative to user type ( item ( 3 ) above ) .
( 5 ) [get] relevant sample consumer perceptions about : ( a ) food purchase priorities and influences ; ( b ) your own products ; ( c ) competitor 's products ; ( d ) relevant retail provision relative to user type ( item ( 3 ) above ) .

Mr. Michael : Will the Minister also circulate a list of those items that are being deleted and undermined by him and his right Hon. Friend ? When the Minister considers the proposed closure of research vessel support services at Barry , the destruction of the environmental research centre at Bangor , the threat to the environment from the Water Bill and the failure of Government Ministers to obtain a separate water authority for Wales , does he agree that the Secretary of State is presiding over the destruction of environmental research in Wales ?
mr. michael : will the minister also circulate a list of those items that are being deleted and undermined by him and his right hon. friend ? when the minister considers the proposed closure of research vessel support services at barry , the destruction of the environmental research centre at bangor , the threat to the environment from the water bill and the failure of government ministers to [get] a separate water authority for wales , does he agree that the secretary of state is presiding over the destruction of environmental research in wales ?

Next , he says , SBUs may well form alliances outside the corporate group to obtain the same benefits as could be obtained by internal linkages while retaining more control over their situation .
next , he says , sbus may well form alliances outside the corporate group to [get] the same benefits as could be obtained by internal linkages while retaining more control over their situation .

Without going into detailed calculations which readers can obtain for themselves , the concept has been introduced here to provide a clear distinction between internal operating efficiency and action on relative prices .
without going into detailed calculations which readers can [get] for themselves , the concept has been introduced here to provide a clear distinction between internal operating efficiency and action on relative prices .

It is also possible that , through the process of developing consensus , the Japanese arrive at better estimates of cash flows and obtain more general commitment to their projects among management and workforce .
it is also possible that , through the process of developing consensus , the japanese arrive at better estimates of cash flows and [get] more general commitment to their projects among management and workforce .

The College maintains close and constant links with the other seven Welsh colleges which run courses in agricultural education and students who obtain a National Certificate in Agriculture at one of them can transfer to the Welsh Agricultural College on to an Ordinary National Diploma course .
the college maintains close and constant links with the other seven welsh colleges which run courses in agricultural education and students who [get] a national certificate in agriculture at one of them can transfer to the welsh agricultural college on to an ordinary national diploma course .

The higher up the curtains are tied back , the more light you will admit , but by fixing the tie band lower down you obtain a fuller drape in the fabric .
the higher up the curtains are tied back , the more light you will admit , but by fixing the tie band lower down you [get] a fuller drape in the fabric .

Instead of pecking at discs , rats can be taught to press levers in order to obtain food and water .
instead of pecking at discs , rats can be taught to press levers in order to [get] food and water .

For , although the methods by which different animal species obtain their food are about as diverse as the number of animal species , there are certain broad patterns to be seen .
for , although the methods by which different animal species [get] their food are about as diverse as the number of animal species , there are certain broad patterns to be seen .

Each of the five main large herbivorous mammals of the Serengeti has a specific diet determined by its energetic needs and alimentary morphology , and possesses feeding preferences and migratory responses to obtain it .
each of the five main large herbivorous mammals of the serengeti has a specific diet determined by its energetic needs and alimentary morphology , and possesses feeding preferences and migratory responses to [get] it .

You will obtain ten thousand pounds in cash .
you will [get] ten thousand pounds in cash .

Brown himself was expelled from the Obstetrical Society in 1867 for failing to obtain the consent of his patients and their husbands to the operation , rather than for his methods per se .
brown himself was expelled from the obstetrical society in 1867 for failing to [get] the consent of his patients and their husbands to the operation , rather than for his methods per se .

The Director of Public Prosecutions had made an application to a judge in chambers under section 411 of the Companies Act 1948 in order to obtain books and papers relevant to showing that an offence in connection with the management of the company had taken place .
the director of public prosecutions had made an application to a judge in chambers under section 411 of the companies act 1948 in order to [get] books and papers relevant to showing that an offence in connection with the management of the company had taken place .

As we saw in the previous chapter on Leadership , the key to success in leadership is to obtain the best ‘ mix ’ of attention to task and attention to people , taking the total situation into account .
as we saw in the previous chapter on leadership , the key to success in leadership is to [get] the best ‘ mix ’ of attention to task and attention to people , taking the total situation into account .

The ability of the leader in a group to obtain the commitment of his team to achieving the task ( team spirit ) will result in a high degree of collaboration .
the ability of the leader in a group to [get] the commitment of his team to achieving the task ( team spirit ) will result in a high degree of collaboration .

In order to obtain the most benefit from intergroup competition , organizations need to reward groups on the basis of their contribution to the common good , encourage intergroup communication and collaboration , and avoid win-lose issues between groups .
in order to [get] the most benefit from intergroup competition , organizations need to reward groups on the basis of their contribution to the common good , encourage intergroup communication and collaboration , and avoid win-lose issues between groups .

Obtain Management Support for Solution
[get] management support for solution

However , it is also possible to introduce a product with a very low price in order to obtain a foothold in a new market , or an increased share of an existing market .
however , it is also possible to introduce a product with a very low price in order to [get] a foothold in a new market , or an increased share of an existing market .

Each of these will be looked at briefly in this chapter , which will also examine some of the leading public and private pressure groups which help ordinary citizens to obtain redress against unfair trading in goods and services .
each of these will be looked at briefly in this chapter , which will also examine some of the leading public and private pressure groups which help ordinary citizens to [get] redress against unfair trading in goods and services .

Critics , moreover , argue that sacrifices in service quality have sometimes been necessary to obtain savings .
critics , moreover , argue that sacrifices in service quality have sometimes been necessary to [get] savings .

At reorganization in 1974 the functions of local government were split between four main organizational units — counties , districts , health authorities and water authorities — and relatively sophisticated consultative machinery had to be established in many areas in order to obtain local co-ordinated action .
at reorganization in 1974 the functions of local government were split between four main organizational units — counties , districts , health authorities and water authorities — and relatively sophisticated consultative machinery had to be established in many areas in order to [get] local co-ordinated action .

One danger , however , is that committee loyalties might become too strong , causing members to become isolationist or even antagonistic to other service areas , thereby making an integrated authority-wide approach more difficult to obtain .
one danger , however , is that committee loyalties might become too strong , causing members to become isolationist or even antagonistic to other service areas , thereby making an integrated authority-wide approach more difficult to [get] .

This approach not only ignored wider political and administrative factors but , as Regan ( 1983 , p. 45 ) observes , was too limiting : it was unable to encompass the ‘ variability , ambiguity , complexity and reciprocity ’ that subsequent studies have suggested obtain in central-local relations .
this approach not only ignored wider political and administrative factors but , as regan ( 1983 , p. 45 ) observes , was too limiting : it was unable to encompass the ‘ variability , ambiguity , complexity and reciprocity ’ that subsequent studies have suggested [get] in central-local relations .

Rather , the most powerful individuals are often those who do not have to engage in conflict but who obtain what they desire because everyone accepts unconsciously that they should benefit ( third dimension of power ) .
rather , the most powerful individuals are often those who do not have to engage in conflict but who [get] what they desire because everyone accepts unconsciously that they should benefit ( third dimension of power ) .

As we shall see later , National Health Service hospitals obtain an important share of all monetary gifts and other voluntary help .
as we shall see later , national health service hospitals [get] an important share of all monetary gifts and other voluntary help .

Commercial insurance companies also grew and some doctors in poor areas ran their own sick clubs , to which the poor contributed on a regular basis to obtain free treatment when they were sick .
commercial insurance companies also grew and some doctors in poor areas ran their own sick clubs , to which the poor contributed on a regular basis to [get] free treatment when they were sick .

In addition the elderly , if they can obtain insurance at all , pay very high premiums .
in addition the elderly , if they can [get] insurance at all , pay very high premiums .

Accounting information needed for contracting has been costly to obtain .
accounting information needed for contracting has been costly to [get] .

Another question : did Boswell write so glowingly of Johnson in Scotland in order to obtain Johnson 's biographical blessing ?
another question : did boswell write so glowingly of johnson in scotland in order to [get] johnson 's biographical blessing ?

Perón 's capacity to deliver the tangible benefits that established unions working against the state apparatus could not hope to obtain for their members ( labour 's share of the national income increased by twenty-five per cent between 1946 and 1950 ) ensured that the loyalties of massive sectors of the post-1955 labour movement were to Peronism rather than to Communism or socialism .
perón 's capacity to deliver the tangible benefits that established unions working against the state apparatus could not hope to [get] for their members ( labour 's share of the national income increased by twenty-five per cent between 1946 and 1950 ) ensured that the loyalties of massive sectors of the post-1955 labour movement were to peronism rather than to communism or socialism .

He was not sure that Jehan had been talking about the arrows , and remembering that Jehan was Burun 's grandson he wondered how much he knew , or had been told , about the plan to obtain Sidacai 's freedom .
he was not sure that jehan had been talking about the arrows , and remembering that jehan was burun 's grandson he wondered how much he knew , or had been told , about the plan to [get] sidacai 's freedom .

It advised a future Conservative cabinet to : ( i ) build up stocks of coal at power stations ; ( ii ) plan contingency coal imports ; ( iii ) introduce dual oil and coal-fired burning in power stations ; ( iv ) cut the social security entitlements of strikers ; and finally , ( v ) set up mobile police squads to deal with flying pickets and obtain sufficient numbers of ‘ reliable ’ non-union drivers to cross picket lines .
it advised a future conservative cabinet to : ( i ) build up stocks of coal at power stations ; ( ii ) plan contingency coal imports ; ( iii ) introduce dual oil and coal-fired burning in power stations ; ( iv ) cut the social security entitlements of strikers ; and finally , ( v ) set up mobile police squads to deal with flying pickets and [get] sufficient numbers of ‘ reliable ’ non-union drivers to cross picket lines .

We may not obtain it , or we may obtain it and find it renders us unhappy ; we must still believe in it .
we may not [get] it , or we may [get] it and find it renders us unhappy ; we must still believe in it .

In order to get a job at the end of the war , she and Siegfried need to obtain what she calls a ‘ Persil-Schein certificate denazifying us whiter than white ’ ( 79/473 ) .
in order to get a job at the end of the war , she and siegfried need to [get] what she calls a ‘ persil-schein certificate denazifying us whiter than white ’ ( 79/473 ) .

In attempts to obtain alternative estimates of crime levels but also to gain information on various topics such as fear of crime , attitudes to the police , public views on punishment and impact of crime , the last decade has seen the proliferation of the crime survey in Britain .
in attempts to [get] alternative estimates of crime levels but also to gain information on various topics such as fear of crime , attitudes to the police , public views on punishment and impact of crime , the last decade has seen the proliferation of the crime survey in britain .

Crime surveys attempt to bypass the problems of police statistics noted above , by asking a sample of respondents about their experiences of crime , both reported and unreported , to obtain a more accurate picture of crime levels .
crime surveys attempt to bypass the problems of police statistics noted above , by asking a sample of respondents about their experiences of crime , both reported and unreported , to [get] a more accurate picture of crime levels .

However , Lea points out that for writers like Gilroy racism is embodied in the conscious policies and practices of the police as an institution and that it is difficult to argue that the police are de-politicising black struggles , and criminalising them , when some of them , such as the Spaghetti House siege , used crime to obtain political funds , and hence the police responded to the event as crime .
however , lea points out that for writers like gilroy racism is embodied in the conscious policies and practices of the police as an institution and that it is difficult to argue that the police are de-politicising black struggles , and criminalising them , when some of them , such as the spaghetti house siege , used crime to [get] political funds , and hence the police responded to the event as crime .

contract with other services , and private and voluntary organisations to obtain some of the components of punishment in the community . ( ibid )
contract with other services , and private and voluntary organisations to [get] some of the components of punishment in the community . ( ibid )

It is symptomatic that the directors of insolvent companies ignore demands for payment , and frequently judgments are obtained where the proceedings have not been quite wrong for such judgment creditors to obtain any preferential treatment .
it is symptomatic that the directors of insolvent companies ignore demands for payment , and frequently judgments are obtained where the proceedings have not been quite wrong for such judgment creditors to [get] any preferential treatment .

It is not possible to obtain data at a sufficiently disaggregated level to confirm this argument , but it is consistent with the data that are available .
it is not possible to [get] data at a sufficiently disaggregated level to confirm this argument , but it is consistent with the data that are available .

However , the individual concerned would find it difficult to obtain credit in the future — a point often overlooked by those who advocated the system .
however , the individual concerned would find it difficult to [get] credit in the future — a point often overlooked by those who advocated the system .

It was one thing to make the necessary financial decisions , and another to obtain the right candidate for the post .
it was one thing to make the necessary financial decisions , and another to [get] the right candidate for the post .

It is difficult to obtain precise figures of private sector investment in the inner cities , but there may be reasons to doubt industry 's willingness to commit billions of pounds to inner city developments .
it is difficult to [get] precise figures of private sector investment in the inner cities , but there may be reasons to doubt industry 's willingness to commit billions of pounds to inner city developments .

Of particular significance is the distinction between those who obtain goods and services through the private market and those who are forced to rely upon publicly-provided services .
of particular significance is the distinction between those who [get] goods and services through the private market and those who are forced to rely upon publicly-provided services .

To the availability-for-work test has been added the actively-seeking-work test in which the unemployed person has to demonstrate and provide evidence that he or she has taken all necessary steps to obtain employment .
to the availability-for-work test has been added the actively-seeking-work test in which the unemployed person has to demonstrate and provide evidence that he or she has taken all necessary steps to [get] employment .

Just under 30 per cent of black trainees obtain work as opposed to just over 45 per cent of their white counterparts .
just under 30 per cent of black trainees [get] work as opposed to just over 45 per cent of their white counterparts .

It should be remembered that the canal engineers had very few existing structures from which to obtain ideas .
it should be remembered that the canal engineers had very few existing structures from which to [get] ideas .

The Land Registry has a free explanatory leaflet that will enable anyone to enquire about ownership of registered property and obtain details of the ‘ layout ’ of a particular piece of land . To obtain a copy of the leaflet , write to :
the land registry has a free explanatory leaflet that will enable anyone to enquire about ownership of registered property and [get] details of the ‘ layout ’ of a particular piece of land . to [get] a copy of the leaflet , write to :

Blending is useful when trying to obtain a smooth finish .
blending is useful when trying to [get] a smooth finish .

We are supposed to get out and obtain , somehow , transport to another village 50 river km away where the Tisza becomes Hungarian again .
we are supposed to get out and [get] , somehow , transport to another village 50 river km away where the tisza becomes hungarian again .

Target Europe are looking at new ways to obtain sponsorship deals for sportsmen from the point of view of what competitors can market rather than who will offer financial support , sponsorship being a business arrangement , not a charity .
target europe are looking at new ways to [get] sponsorship deals for sportsmen from the point of view of what competitors can market rather than who will offer financial support , sponsorship being a business arrangement , not a charity .

We have tried to obtain glassfibre moulds in the past , have not succeeded and would be grateful if you could advise us on any way that is known to you of building such a craft .
we have tried to [get] glassfibre moulds in the past , have not succeeded and would be grateful if you could advise us on any way that is known to you of building such a craft .

If the solution is inadequate ask for a ‘ resort report ’ , write your complaint on this form , and obtain the manager 's comments and signature .
if the solution is inadequate ask for a ‘ resort report ’ , write your complaint on this form , and [get] the manager 's comments and signature .

Even though it has been able to obtain relief for £16 billion-worth of foreign debt as a result of its participation in the multinational force , it still has £35 billion of remaining debt to contend with and an annual revenue shortfall of around £7 caused by the conflict .
even though it has been able to [get] relief for £16 billion-worth of foreign debt as a result of its participation in the multinational force , it still has £35 billion of remaining debt to contend with and an annual revenue shortfall of around £7 caused by the conflict .

If you have applied but , as yet , have not been advised of the outcome , please contact the Council to obtain information on the latest position .
if you have applied but , as yet , have not been advised of the outcome , please contact the council to [get] information on the latest position .

Individuals may obtain details of their own entry from the Community Charge Registration Officer .
individuals may [get] details of their own entry from the community charge registration officer .

If you are still living in the property on expiry of the Notice to Quit , he or she will need to obtain a Possession Order from your local county court .
if you are still living in the property on expiry of the notice to quit , he or she will need to [get] a possession order from your local county court .

He or she will also need to obtain a Court Order .
he or she will also need to [get] a court order .

If the landlord of an Assured Tenant wishes to obtain possession of the premises he or she must first of all serve upon the tenant a Notice Seeking Possession of a Property let on an Assured Tenancy .
if the landlord of an assured tenant wishes to [get] possession of the premises he or she must first of all serve upon the tenant a notice seeking possession of a property let on an assured tenancy .

An Assured Shorthold Tenant may make an application to a Rent Assessment Committee for a determination of the rent which in the opinion of the Committee the landlord might reasonably be expected to obtain for the property .
an assured shorthold tenant may make an application to a rent assessment committee for a determination of the rent which in the opinion of the committee the landlord might reasonably be expected to [get] for the property .

This breadth of coverage allows our subscribers to obtain the best possible value for money .
this breadth of coverage allows our subscribers to [get] the best possible value for money .

Students will work on a broad range of projects in their own homes , and once a month they will be invited to attend tutorials to discuss their work with other students and obtain guidance from qualified tutors .
students will work on a broad range of projects in their own homes , and once a month they will be invited to attend tutorials to discuss their work with other students and [get] guidance from qualified tutors .

To obtain one , send a donation to Oxford Preservation Trust and specify ‘ Restored Baluster Birdtable ’ .
to [get] one , send a donation to oxford preservation trust and specify ‘ restored baluster birdtable ’ .

To obtain one please send your contribution to Oxford Preservation Trust with details of the wording required , and stating ‘ Magdalen Birdtable ’ .
to [get] one please send your contribution to oxford preservation trust with details of the wording required , and stating ‘ magdalen birdtable ’ .

Nor is it an easy pink to obtain : in order that pink light should frame the shape of the little opera house and its windows all glow pink , 2,000 light bulbs were removed and replaced with others which workaday electricians ' pink not being the thing at all — had all been painted in the requisite shade by hand .
nor is it an easy pink to [get] : in order that pink light should frame the shape of the little opera house and its windows all glow pink , 2,000 light bulbs were removed and replaced with others which workaday electricians ' pink not being the thing at all — had all been painted in the requisite shade by hand .

But this was nothing : many things that are hard to obtain had been obtained in honour of this scent .
but this was nothing : many things that are hard to [get] had been obtained in honour of this scent .

Delicious dates come from the Middle East , and are especially easy to obtain at Christmas time . Dress them up for Christmas !
delicious dates come from the middle east , and are especially easy to [get] at christmas time . dress them up for christmas !

These variations in health and educational attainment are of long standing and appear to have defied attempts made under the Welfare State to obtain greater equality in access to services .
these variations in health and educational attainment are of long standing and appear to have defied attempts made under the welfare state to [get] greater equality in access to services .

From the late 1860s there had been repeated attempts to obtain greater state aid and recognition for science , in the wake of increased technical competition from Germany .
from the late 1860s there had been repeated attempts to [get] greater state aid and recognition for science , in the wake of increased technical competition from germany .

Any information is better than none : the fact that the results are inevitably partial and suggestive rather than comprehensive and definitive should if anything increase our appreciation of those who spent so much time and effort to help us to obtain a clearer picture .
any information is better than none : the fact that the results are inevitably partial and suggestive rather than comprehensive and definitive should if anything increase our appreciation of those who spent so much time and effort to help us to [get] a clearer picture .

The pressure on local councils to obtain building land to cope with housing demand , and the force of demographic forecasts which by the end of the 1950s were being revised upwards , resulted in a series of dog-fights between the large urban authorities and the shire counties , in which the Ministry inevitably became involved .
the pressure on local councils to [get] building land to cope with housing demand , and the force of demographic forecasts which by the end of the 1950s were being revised upwards , resulted in a series of dog-fights between the large urban authorities and the shire counties , in which the ministry inevitably became involved .

Nor did a spirit of affectionate remembrance obtain among the few whom Ursula felt obliged to entertain afterwards at Swans ' Meadow .
nor did a spirit of affectionate remembrance [get] among the few whom ursula felt obliged to entertain afterwards at swans ' meadow .

Unless the total values stored in one risk are limited and highly hazardous commodities such as flammable liquids are isolated from them , and unless they are adequately protected by sprinklers , it will become increasingly difficult to obtain insurance cover .
unless the total values stored in one risk are limited and highly hazardous commodities such as flammable liquids are isolated from them , and unless they are adequately protected by sprinklers , it will become increasingly difficult to [get] insurance cover .

To obtain acceptable quality when scanning photographs , at least 64 grey scales are required .
to [get] acceptable quality when scanning photographs , at least 64 grey scales are required .

The simplest solution to the problem is to obtain a special interface unit which converts the Spectrum edge connector signals into ones that a conventional printer can understand .
the simplest solution to the problem is to [get] a special interface unit which converts the spectrum edge connector signals into ones that a conventional printer can understand .

Non-impact printers obtain their name from the fact that they do n't hammer needles or shaped pieces of metal through a ribbon in order to leave their mark on a piece of paper . Two main types exist ; thermal and electrostatic although there are other categories such as the laser — although this can hardly be classified as low-cost !
non-impact printers [get] their name from the fact that they do n't hammer needles or shaped pieces of metal through a ribbon in order to leave their mark on a piece of paper . two main types exist ; thermal and electrostatic although there are other categories such as the laser — although this can hardly be classified as low-cost !

It is only if a strike remains in the news for a long period that anything of its history or underlying causes will emerge and then only in the ‘ quality ’ press , rarely on television or in the tabloid newspapers where most people obtain their information .
it is only if a strike remains in the news for a long period that anything of its history or underlying causes will emerge and then only in the ‘ quality ’ press , rarely on television or in the tabloid newspapers where most people [get] their information .

This attitude of conflict by line towards staff management is more likely to occur where staff departments use tactics of their own to obtain more influence over line department operations .
this attitude of conflict by line towards staff management is more likely to occur where staff departments use tactics of their own to [get] more influence over line department operations .

The most significant reward that can be offered in order to obtain commitment is the satisfaction of the individual 's self-actualisation needs .
the most significant reward that can be offered in order to [get] commitment is the satisfaction of the individual 's self-actualisation needs .

Everyone in an organisation is interdependent : authority alone is insufficient to obtain good performance , and can only be effective in certain situations and with certain people .
everyone in an organisation is interdependent : authority alone is insufficient to [get] good performance , and can only be effective in certain situations and with certain people .

He attempts to obtain considerable freedom of action from his superiors .
he attempts to [get] considerable freedom of action from his superiors .

The complexity of decision-making ( eg. to obtain the go-ahead for new projects etc ) slows down the decision-making process , causing unwanted delays .
the complexity of decision-making ( eg. to [get] the go-ahead for new projects etc ) slows down the decision-making process , causing unwanted delays .

The fact that Larkin did not obtain his freedom to trade in London in the usual way — by patrimony or after serving an apprenticeship — is unexplained .
the fact that larkin did not [get] his freedom to trade in london in the usual way — by patrimony or after serving an apprenticeship — is unexplained .

But his main preoccupation during the latter part of his life was in attempting to obtain the public recognition which he felt he had been denied .
but his main preoccupation during the latter part of his life was in attempting to [get] the public recognition which he felt he had been denied .

Having considered the absence of any work on the anatomy of animals comparable with that obtained by medical students in the dissection of the human body he decided , first , to obtain qualifications in medicine , and secondly , to undertake his own studies in the anatomy of animals .
having considered the absence of any work on the anatomy of animals comparable with that obtained by medical students in the dissection of the human body he decided , first , to [get] qualifications in medicine , and secondly , to undertake his own studies in the anatomy of animals .

Earlier , in 1278 , when Roger permitted the appropriation by Stafford priory of the church of Stowe by Chartley , he made no stipulation about the creation of a vicarage , but he did obtain a ten-mark annual pension for the dean and chapter of Lichfield 's common fund .
earlier , in 1278 , when roger permitted the appropriation by stafford priory of the church of stowe by chartley , he made no stipulation about the creation of a vicarage , but he did [get] a ten-mark annual pension for the dean and chapter of lichfield 's common fund .

Bennet continued to be a travelling preacher , hoping at first to obtain aid from George Whitefield [ q.v . ]
bennet continued to be a travelling preacher , hoping at first to [get] aid from george whitefield [ q.v . ]

In 1610–11 the Hospital , and in 1612 the Clothworkers ' Company , decided to obtain a comprehensive survey of their London estates .
in 1610–11 the hospital , and in 1612 the clothworkers ' company , decided to [get] a comprehensive survey of their london estates .

His anonymous volume of pen portraits , The Whispering Gallery by an Ex-Diplomat ( 1926 ) , led to his arrest on a charge of ‘ obtaining or attempting to obtain money under false pretences ’ , but under cross-examination his engaging candour appealed to the jury which found him not guilty .
his anonymous volume of pen portraits , the whispering gallery by an ex-diplomat ( 1926 ) , led to his arrest on a charge of ‘ obtaining or attempting to [get] money under false pretences ’ , but under cross-examination his engaging candour appealed to the jury which found him not guilty .

, wrote to the prior of Winchester to obtain for Witney payment of a daily corrody and yearly pension due to him and in arrears .
, wrote to the prior of winchester to [get] for witney payment of a daily corrody and yearly pension due to him and in arrears .

He was assiduous , if rarely successful , in using questions to obtain information on Indian affairs .
he was assiduous , if rarely successful , in using questions to [get] information on indian affairs .

He published a book of verse and some contributions to learned journals , but his efforts to obtain financial compensation , to publish an illustrated magnum opus about his Afghan years , to return to Afghanistan , and even to complete a half-finished novel all came to nothing .
he published a book of verse and some contributions to learned journals , but his efforts to [get] financial compensation , to publish an illustrated magnum opus about his afghan years , to return to afghanistan , and even to complete a half-finished novel all came to nothing .

By 1677 he was sufficiently influential at court to obtain favours there for other people .
by 1677 he was sufficiently influential at court to [get] favours there for other people .

At this time of war continental marbles were hard to obtain and his chimney pieces and marble tops for furniture sold very well .
at this time of war continental marbles were hard to [get] and his chimney pieces and marble tops for furniture sold very well .

He appears to have set up in trade as a London mercer , and he was sufficiently well connected to obtain , like his uncle and elder brother , a minor office at court , that of ‘ harbinger ’ , arranging the progresses of the queen .
he appears to have set up in trade as a london mercer , and he was sufficiently well connected to [get] , like his uncle and elder brother , a minor office at court , that of ‘ harbinger ’ , arranging the progresses of the queen .

In 1920 the Imperial Bureau of Mycology was established at Kew under the directorship of Butler , who , after assembling a small staff and laying plans for the abstracting journal , the Review of Applied Mycology , visited plant pathologists in the United States , and subsequently Commonwealth countries , to obtain support for the Bureau , which flourished .
in 1920 the imperial bureau of mycology was established at kew under the directorship of butler , who , after assembling a small staff and laying plans for the abstracting journal , the review of applied mycology , visited plant pathologists in the united states , and subsequently commonwealth countries , to [get] support for the bureau , which flourished .

At the outbreak of the Boer War in 1899 , she was chairman of a committee of American women which managed to obtain and equip a hospital ship , the Maine ; she sailed to South Africa on its maiden voyage .
at the outbreak of the boer war in 1899 , she was chairman of a committee of american women which managed to [get] and equip a hospital ship , the maine ; she sailed to south africa on its maiden voyage .

Secondly they require a listed company to obtain the consent of its shareholders if any of its major subsidiaries makes an issue for cash of securities having an equity element which would materially dilute the percentage equity interest of the company and its shareholders in that subsidiary .
secondly they require a listed company to [get] the consent of its shareholders if any of its major subsidiaries makes an issue for cash of securities having an equity element which would materially dilute the percentage equity interest of the company and its shareholders in that subsidiary .

Similarly , the trustees can be empowered to convene meetings of the holders in order to acquaint them with the position and to obtain their instructions .
similarly , the trustees can be empowered to convene meetings of the holders in order to acquaint them with the position and to [get] their instructions .

But unfortunately it also enables traders who wish to attempt to sell their wares by ‘ junk-mail , ’ or telephone calls , to obtain , more cheaply than in any other way , a ‘ sucker-list ’ of potential victims by buying a copy of the membership register of , say , British Telecom or British Gas .
but unfortunately it also enables traders who wish to attempt to sell their wares by ‘ junk-mail , ’ or telephone calls , to [get] , more cheaply than in any other way , a ‘ sucker-list ’ of potential victims by buying a copy of the membership register of , say , british telecom or british gas .

The wording of the section suggests that this power could not be used to restrict the right to inspect or obtain copies , for example by requiring good cause to be shown thus preventing share registers being used as ‘ sucker-lists , ’ but is intended to ensure that the matter is reproduced in a way which is as ‘ user-friendly ’ as possible without imposing undue burdens on the company .
the wording of the section suggests that this power could not be used to restrict the right to inspect or [get] copies , for example by requiring good cause to be shown thus preventing share registers being used as ‘ sucker-lists , ’ but is intended to ensure that the matter is reproduced in a way which is as ‘ user-friendly ’ as possible without imposing undue burdens on the company .

It may , however , be the only security obtainable , for an attempt to obtain a legal charge will almost certainly be frustrated by the refusal of the directors to register the transfer .
it may , however , be the only security obtainable , for an attempt to [get] a legal charge will almost certainly be frustrated by the refusal of the directors to register the transfer .

If , faute-de-mieux , it has to be accepted , notice should immediately be given to the company , making it clear that this is a notice which it can not disregard in relation to any lien it may claim , and an attempt should be made to obtain information about the amount , if any , then owed to the company .
if , faute-de-mieux , it has to be accepted , notice should immediately be given to the company , making it clear that this is a notice which it can not disregard in relation to any lien it may claim , and an attempt should be made to [get] information about the amount , if any , then owed to the company .

If the shares are those if a listed company this anomalous position can be ended rapidly because , unless the shares are not fully paid , there will not be any restrictions on transferability and the personal representative will either obtain registration of himself or execute a transfer to a purchaser or to the beneficiaries .
if the shares are those if a listed company this anomalous position can be ended rapidly because , unless the shares are not fully paid , there will not be any restrictions on transferability and the personal representative will either [get] registration of himself or execute a transfer to a purchaser or to the beneficiaries .

The personal representative may suffer because it may not be possible for him fully to wind up the estate and to obtain a discharge from his fiduciary responsibilities .
the personal representative may suffer because it may not be possible for him fully to wind up the estate and to [get] a discharge from his fiduciary responsibilities .

The Act assumes that a company probably will maintain a register if it issues debenture stock or a series of debentures and the Act contains provisions , similar to , but not identical with , those relating to the membership register , concerning where the register shall be kept and who shall be entitled to inspect and obtain copies of it .
the act assumes that a company probably will maintain a register if it issues debenture stock or a series of debentures and the act contains provisions , similar to , but not identical with , those relating to the membership register , concerning where the register shall be kept and who shall be entitled to inspect and [get] copies of it .

The position of a secured creditor is to be contrasted with that of an unsecured creditor who merely has a personal claim to sue for the payment of his debt and to invoke the available legal processes for the enforcement of any judgment that he may obtain .
the position of a secured creditor is to be contrasted with that of an unsecured creditor who merely has a personal claim to sue for the payment of his debt and to invoke the available legal processes for the enforcement of any judgment that he may [get] .

There are a number of compelling reasons for a creditor to obtain a charge and not rely solely on his personal action against a debtor company .
there are a number of compelling reasons for a creditor to [get] a charge and not rely solely on his personal action against a debtor company .

If the later mortgage is legal , the mortgagee will obtain priority by virtue of his legal interest unless he has notice not only of the floating charge but also of the restriction in it .
if the later mortgage is legal , the mortgagee will [get] priority by virtue of his legal interest unless he has notice not only of the floating charge but also of the restriction in it .

Given the vulnerability of the floating charge the question arises as to why a creditor should bother to obtain one .
given the vulnerability of the floating charge the question arises as to why a creditor should bother to [get] one .

In many situations the chargee may have a contractual remedy even though the charge has not crystallised ; for example , the holder of an uncrystallised charge can always ‘ intervene and obtain an injunction to prevent the company from dealing with its assets otherwise than in the ordinary course of its business .
in many situations the chargee may have a contractual remedy even though the charge has not crystallised ; for example , the holder of an uncrystallised charge can always ‘ intervene and [get] an injunction to prevent the company from dealing with its assets otherwise than in the ordinary course of its business .

Consequently it has been thought unjust that they should obtain priority over employees ( one of the categories of preferential creditor ) who have priority to the shareholders in the event of the company 's liquidation .
consequently it has been thought unjust that they should [get] priority over employees ( one of the categories of preferential creditor ) who have priority to the shareholders in the event of the company 's liquidation .

( ii ) defective floating charges It has also been thought unjust to allow an unsecured creditor to obtain priority to other creditors by obtaining a floating charge when he realises that liquidation is imminent .
( ii ) defective floating charges it has also been thought unjust to allow an unsecured creditor to [get] priority to other creditors by obtaining a floating charge when he realises that liquidation is imminent .

( iii ) The third statutory limitation on the right of a floating charge holder is section 15 of the Insolvency Act 1986 which empowers an administrator to sell property subject to a charge which as created was a floating charge without the need to obtain a court order .
( iii ) the third statutory limitation on the right of a floating charge holder is section 15 of the insolvency act 1986 which empowers an administrator to sell property subject to a charge which as created was a floating charge without the need to [get] a court order .

As between two registrable charges which have not been registered within 21 days , the first to register will obtain priority and a charge is not void against a person taking an interest in property which is made expressly subject to the charge .
as between two registrable charges which have not been registered within 21 days , the first to register will [get] priority and a charge is not void against a person taking an interest in property which is made expressly subject to the charge .

( ii ) Late registration Failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its subsequent registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to obtain a court order .
( ii ) late registration failure to register a charge within the 21-day period does not preclude its subsequent registration ; a charge can be registered outside the 21-day period at any time prior to the company 's liquidation or the appointment of an administrator without the need to [get] a court order .

first , while registration may not be a priority point , failure to register , as we have seen , renders the charge void and therefore registration is a necessary , although not sufficient , condition to obtain priority ;
first , while registration may not be a priority point , failure to register , as we have seen , renders the charge void and therefore registration is a necessary , although not sufficient , condition to [get] priority ;

Almost invariably the first step in the enforcement of a charge is for the debentureholders or their trustee to obtain the appointment of a receiver .
almost invariably the first step in the enforcement of a charge is for the debentureholders or their trustee to [get] the appointment of a receiver .

Since the 1986 Act allows a receiver , even though appointed out of court , to obtain the court 's directions , it is difficult to envisage circumstances in which an application to the court can be justified if the cheaper alternative is available , and the professional adviser who recommended it would be laying himself open to grave risk of criticism .
since the 1986 act allows a receiver , even though appointed out of court , to [get] the court 's directions , it is difficult to envisage circumstances in which an application to the court can be justified if the cheaper alternative is available , and the professional adviser who recommended it would be laying himself open to grave risk of criticism .

In the exercise of his powers a receiver is under a duty to the debtor company to take reasonable care to obtain the best price reasonably possible at the time of sale ; this duty is also owed to a guarantor of the company 's debts .
in the exercise of his powers a receiver is under a duty to the debtor company to take reasonable care to [get] the best price reasonably possible at the time of sale ; this duty is also owed to a guarantor of the company 's debts .

However , as the receiver in exercising his power of sale is in a position analogous to that of the mortgagee , he is not obliged to postpone sale in order to obtain a better price or to adopt a piecemeal method of sale .
however , as the receiver in exercising his power of sale is in a position analogous to that of the mortgagee , he is not obliged to postpone sale in order to [get] a better price or to adopt a piecemeal method of sale .

In these ways , and in certain others of less importance which will be referred to briefly , members and the public ( which , for practical purposes , means creditors and others who may subsequently have dealings with the company and become its members or creditors ) are supposed to be able to obtain the information which they need to make an intelligent appraisal of their risks , and to decide when and how to exercise the rights and remedies which the law affords them .
in these ways , and in certain others of less importance which will be referred to briefly , members and the public ( which , for practical purposes , means creditors and others who may subsequently have dealings with the company and become its members or creditors ) are supposed to be able to [get] the information which they need to make an intelligent appraisal of their risks , and to decide when and how to exercise the rights and remedies which the law affords them .

Subject to the payment of a fee prescribed from time to time by statutory instrument , any person is entitled to inspect and to obtain copies of ‘ any records kept by the registrar for the purposes of the Companies Acts ’ ; no distinction is drawn between the rights of members and inspection by other persons .
subject to the payment of a fee prescribed from time to time by statutory instrument , any person is entitled to inspect and to [get] copies of ‘ any records kept by the registrar for the purposes of the companies acts ’ ; no distinction is drawn between the rights of members and inspection by other persons .

But there are an increasing number of documents and registers which he , and , indeed , other persons , are entitled to inspect ( in the case of a member generally without payment ) and to obtain copies on payment .
but there are an increasing number of documents and registers which he , and , indeed , other persons , are entitled to inspect ( in the case of a member generally without payment ) and to [get] copies on payment .

If they have failed to obtain all the information and explanations which , to the best of their knowledge and belief , are necessary for the purpose of their audit their report must so state .
if they have failed to [get] all the information and explanations which , to the best of their knowledge and belief , are necessary for the purpose of their audit their report must so state .

This means that it is open to a defendant to argue that his conduct was reasonable because he was attempting to obtain or communicate information .
this means that it is open to a defendant to argue that his conduct was reasonable because he was attempting to [get] or communicate information .

This is obviously an important issue for psycholinguistic models of sentence and discourse comprehension , but so far evidence has been very difficult to obtain .
this is obviously an important issue for psycholinguistic models of sentence and discourse comprehension , but so far evidence has been very difficult to [get] .

There are many different shapes and sizes to choose from and most can be obtained in a choice of colours , so it is wise to obtain a selection of catalogues from specialists and weigh up the advantages and disadvantages of each type before making what will undoubtedly be a sizeable investment .
there are many different shapes and sizes to choose from and most can be obtained in a choice of colours , so it is wise to [get] a selection of catalogues from specialists and weigh up the advantages and disadvantages of each type before making what will undoubtedly be a sizeable investment .

Between 1934 and 1937 it invalidated a string of measures initiated by President Roosevelt and passed by Congress to attempt to deal with the economic depression , while between 1954 and 1963 it made a series of decisions regarding the rights of blacks far in advance of anything that could obtain strong presidential and congressional support .
between 1934 and 1937 it invalidated a string of measures initiated by president roosevelt and passed by congress to attempt to deal with the economic depression , while between 1954 and 1963 it made a series of decisions regarding the rights of blacks far in advance of anything that could [get] strong presidential and congressional support .

The appointment of new and conservative judges in the later 1980s was seen as posing a threat to the basic rights enunciated in Roe , yet in Webster v. Reproductive Health Services ( 1989 ) and Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey ( 1992 ) the court condoned further restrictions being placed by the states on the circumstances under which women could obtain abortions , while refusing to decide directly to reverse the principles in Roe .
the appointment of new and conservative judges in the later 1980s was seen as posing a threat to the basic rights enunciated in roe , yet in webster v. reproductive health services ( 1989 ) and planned parenthood of southeastern pennsylvania v. casey ( 1992 ) the court condoned further restrictions being placed by the states on the circumstances under which women could [get] abortions , while refusing to decide directly to reverse the principles in roe .

For predicting the need to obtain additional short-term finance resources .
for predicting the need to [get] additional short-term finance resources .

Financial reporting also helps to satisfy the needs of users who have limited authority , ability or resources to obtain information and who therefore rely on the reports as an important source of information .
financial reporting also helps to satisfy the needs of users who have limited authority , ability or resources to [get] information and who therefore rely on the reports as an important source of information .

The auditor should obtain relevant and reliable audit evidence sufficient to enable him to draw reasonable conclusions therefrom .
the auditor should [get] relevant and reliable audit evidence sufficient to enable him to draw reasonable conclusions therefrom .

At first sight this arrangement might possibly appear needlessly elaborate , but it would be difficult to obtain in any other way a full body of tone corresponding to that provided by the sustaining pedal of the piano .
at first sight this arrangement might possibly appear needlessly elaborate , but it would be difficult to [get] in any other way a full body of tone corresponding to that provided by the sustaining pedal of the piano .

In order to obtain as uniform and homogeneous a texture as possible the principle known as ‘ dovetailing ’ is used .
in order to [get] as uniform and homogeneous a texture as possible the principle known as ‘ dovetailing ’ is used .

These , however , are freely used either to obtain further variation of colour or to strengthen a melodic line which would be too weak on a single wind instrument .
these , however , are freely used either to [get] further variation of colour or to strengthen a melodic line which would be too weak on a single wind instrument .

We have decided to amplify the chords by reduplicating them in the higher octave in order to obtain greater clearness and bite .
we have decided to amplify the chords by reduplicating them in the higher octave in order to [get] greater clearness and bite .

In order to obtain perfect balance , therefore , in combining horns with trumpets or trombones , it is necessary to remember that 2 horns = 1 trumpet or 1 trombone in dynamic ranges above and including mezzo-forte .
in order to [get] perfect balance , therefore , in combining horns with trumpets or trombones , it is necessary to remember that 2 horns = 1 trumpet or 1 trombone in dynamic ranges above and including mezzo-forte .

The trumpet , like the horn , was originally a ‘ natural ’ instrument which was only able to obtain the notes of the harmonic series from its fundamental note , whatever that happened to be .
the trumpet , like the horn , was originally a ‘ natural ’ instrument which was only able to [get] the notes of the harmonic series from its fundamental note , whatever that happened to be .

It will be noticed that the 1st and 2nd trombones cross frequently in order to avoid wide changes of position as much as possible and consequently to obtain the maximum degree of smoothness .
it will be noticed that the 1st and 2nd trombones cross frequently in order to avoid wide changes of position as much as possible and consequently to [get] the maximum degree of smoothness .

We have divided the cellos in order to obtain intensity of tone from their high register .
we have divided the cellos in order to [get] intensity of tone from their high register .

Senior managers should be able to look to the external environment in order to obtain messages about likely future trends , for example in the demand for services , resources that may be available , changes in the legislative framework , etc .
senior managers should be able to look to the external environment in order to [get] messages about likely future trends , for example in the demand for services , resources that may be available , changes in the legislative framework , etc .

That those in authority can demand and obtain perfect compliance
that those in authority can demand and [get] perfect compliance

By now it should be obvious that with interval harmony it is possible to obtain whatever harmonic results we please , through the manipulation of the consonant or dissonant intervals available to us , without resorting to tonal conventions .
by now it should be obvious that with interval harmony it is possible to [get] whatever harmonic results we please , through the manipulation of the consonant or dissonant intervals available to us , without resorting to tonal conventions .

In this way there is always an abundant amount of note-material available and one is able to obtain musical continuity easily .
in this way there is always an abundant amount of note-material available and one is able to [get] musical continuity easily .

Staff are expected to obtain student evaluations of a module whenever it runs .
staff are expected to [get] student evaluations of a module whenever it runs .

More recently , attention has been focused on the statutory legal advice scheme ( and , indeed , legal aid generally ) , prompted , it seems , more by government concern at rising public expenditure costs than any serious wish that those who need but can not afford legal services obtain them .
more recently , attention has been focused on the statutory legal advice scheme ( and , indeed , legal aid generally ) , prompted , it seems , more by government concern at rising public expenditure costs than any serious wish that those who need but can not afford legal services [get] them .

The other problem which affected some law centres was the necessity to obtain exemption ( a ‘ waiver ’ ) from the professional rules of etiquette imposed by the Law Society .
the other problem which affected some law centres was the necessity to [get] exemption ( a ‘ waiver ’ ) from the professional rules of etiquette imposed by the law society .

The client must be informed of the rights to require the solicitor to obtain a certificate from the Law Society and to seek ‘ taxation .
the client must be informed of the rights to require the solicitor to [get] a certificate from the law society and to seek ‘ taxation .

To establish the quantum of damages that may be available , it is necessary to obtain as much information as possible about the injuries which the client suffered , and the future effect of such injuries , in particular upon the client 's earning capacity .
to establish the quantum of damages that may be available , it is necessary to [get] as much information as possible about the injuries which the client suffered , and the future effect of such injuries , in particular upon the client 's earning capacity .

It is only since 1964 that a successful unassisted party has been able to obtain costs from the Legal Aid Fund at all .
it is only since 1964 that a successful unassisted party has been able to [get] costs from the legal aid fund at all .

It is not easy to obtain such an award .
it is not easy to [get] such an award .

Representation under the legal aid scheme is not available for an arbitration hearing although the plaintiff and defendant may obtain legal advice and assistance if they meet the eligibility conditions .
representation under the legal aid scheme is not available for an arbitration hearing although the plaintiff and defendant may [get] legal advice and assistance if they meet the eligibility conditions .

There was a great need to obtain access to knowledge through books , or quick money to be made by pirating cassette tapes or Gucci bags .
there was a great need to [get] access to knowledge through books , or quick money to be made by pirating cassette tapes or gucci bags .

International copyright arrangements institutionalise peripherality and make it more expensive to obtain access to knowledge of all kinds .
international copyright arrangements institutionalise peripherality and make it more expensive to [get] access to knowledge of all kinds .

List the sorts of information about a planet that could be obtained by radar and which would be difficult to obtain by other means .
list the sorts of information about a planet that could be obtained by radar and which would be difficult to [get] by other means .

And the means by which agents in the legal field can obtain this stake is through the accumulation of symbolic-legal capital , mostly in the form of institutional positions .
and the means by which agents in the legal field can [get] this stake is through the accumulation of symbolic-legal capital , mostly in the form of institutional positions .

However , turning aside these local instruments , and that is not to suggest that they are unimportant , how may lawyers and interested laymen each year obtain copies of delegated legislation which are thought to , and may indeed , affect their client 's or their own life and course of conduct , only to find that they are out of print or not yet available ?
however , turning aside these local instruments , and that is not to suggest that they are unimportant , how may lawyers and interested laymen each year [get] copies of delegated legislation which are thought to , and may indeed , affect their client 's or their own life and course of conduct , only to find that they are out of print or not yet available ?

At the outset it established a Select Committee on the European Communities with very wide terms of reference ‘ to consider Community proposals , whether in draft or otherwise , to obtain all necessary information about them , and to make reports on those which , in the opinion of the Committee , raise important questions of policy or principle , and on other questions to which the Committee consider that the special attention of the House should be drawn ’ .
at the outset it established a select committee on the european communities with very wide terms of reference ‘ to consider community proposals , whether in draft or otherwise , to [get] all necessary information about them , and to make reports on those which , in the opinion of the committee , raise important questions of policy or principle , and on other questions to which the committee consider that the special attention of the house should be drawn ’ .

The question then is to distinguish cases in which the public benefit is direct and entire from those in which it is indirect and partial , and thereby to obtain a definition which , unlike Lord Macnaghten 's , is a sufficient as well as a necessary condition of charity .
the question then is to distinguish cases in which the public benefit is direct and entire from those in which it is indirect and partial , and thereby to [get] a definition which , unlike lord macnaghten 's , is a sufficient as well as a necessary condition of charity .

As this severely restricted the scope of what the agencies had been directed to search for , Shaughnessy felt confirmed in his suspicions that the government had something to hide and sought to obtain depositions from the officials who had signed the declarations .
as this severely restricted the scope of what the agencies had been directed to search for , shaughnessy felt confirmed in his suspicions that the government had something to hide and sought to [get] depositions from the officials who had signed the declarations .

It has never been more important to concentrate on a particular area where your business can obtain a pre-eminent position , and to understand the basis of that pre-eminence .
it has never been more important to concentrate on a particular area where your business can [get] a pre-eminent position , and to understand the basis of that pre-eminence .

Examples of radical reform , proposals for it and attempts to obtain it may be drawn from all parts of the globe .
examples of radical reform , proposals for it and attempts to [get] it may be drawn from all parts of the globe .

An intermediary will provide information on the best overall deal for you and work to obtain the most competitive premium from the wide range of insurers and policies on offer .
an intermediary will provide information on the best overall deal for you and work to [get] the most competitive premium from the wide range of insurers and policies on offer .

Please telephone the participation desk to obtain a copy .
please telephone the participation desk to [get] a copy .

The Regional Council must obtain planning consent for the new road from Edinburgh District Council before any construction work can begin .
the regional council must [get] planning consent for the new road from edinburgh district council before any construction work can begin .

This might mean that the staff do some research on your behalf , put you in touch with a colleague in another European country or obtain a document for you .
this might mean that the staff do some research on your behalf , put you in touch with a colleague in another european country or [get] a document for you .

If any employee is threatened with violence in order that the assailant ( s ) may obtain money they are carrying in the course of duty , they must not act in any way likely to place themselves or others in danger .
if any employee is threatened with violence in order that the assailant ( s ) may [get] money they are carrying in the course of duty , they must not act in any way likely to place themselves or others in danger .

To obtain the best value for money , accident data are analysed to identify sites where the number of accidents appear to be high .
to [get] the best value for money , accident data are analysed to identify sites where the number of accidents appear to be high .

Mrs. Perrett will obtain supplies of juice and crisps .
mrs. perrett will [get] supplies of juice and crisps .

Cover for these risks is hard to obtain .
cover for these risks is hard to [get] .

For those reasons listed in 3.3 , and others , the Government should direct local authorities to collaborate in an attempt to obtain a holistic view of processes within coastal cells .
for those reasons listed in 3.3 , and others , the government should direct local authorities to collaborate in an attempt to [get] a holistic view of processes within coastal cells .

You can also obtain instant details of the balance in your account or request a new cheque book at any Royal Bank of Scotland Cashline machine .
you can also [get] instant details of the balance in your account or request a new cheque book at any royal bank of scotland cashline machine .

Royal Bank of Scotland eurocheques and a eurocheque card are widely recognised , simple and most convenient payment method for personal customers in Europe and the Mediterranean whether you want to obtain cash , pay hotel bills or purchase goods over the counter .
royal bank of scotland eurocheques and a eurocheque card are widely recognised , simple and most convenient payment method for personal customers in europe and the mediterranean whether you want to [get] cash , pay hotel bills or purchase goods over the counter .

Remember you can use your card to obtain currency at around 6,000 cash dispensers in some European countries — take your card with you , in addition to your usual currency , travellers cheques , eurocheques , Access or Visa card .
remember you can use your card to [get] currency at around 6,000 cash dispensers in some european countries — take your card with you , in addition to your usual currency , travellers cheques , eurocheques , access or visa card .

Reasonable additional travel and accommodation expenses necessary to obtain a replacement passport .
reasonable additional travel and accommodation expenses necessary to [get] a replacement passport .

Technology and Research Minister Heinz Riesenhuber admitted defeat on March 21 , when he acknowledged that : `` we can not expect to obtain an operating license in the foreseeable future . ``
technology and research minister heinz riesenhuber admitted defeat on march 21 , when he acknowledged that : `` we can not expect to [get] an operating license in the foreseeable future . ``

It is advisable , wherever appropriate , to get managers to certify entries in a learning diary and to include in it references which may be difficult to obtain at a later date .
it is advisable , wherever appropriate , to get managers to certify entries in a learning diary and to include in it references which may be difficult to [get] at a later date .

apply to the examination centre and obtain written confirmation that the centre is willing to undertake the necessary arrangement .
apply to the examination centre and [get] written confirmation that the centre is willing to undertake the necessary arrangement .

apply to the centre where they are enrolled and obtain written confirmation that they are prepared to liaise with and forward examination paper(s) to the selected examination centre .
apply to the centre where they are enrolled and [get] written confirmation that they are prepared to liaise with and forward examination paper(s) to the selected examination centre .

But this hardly solves the problem of knowing how to obtain the relevant indices just when we need them .
but this hardly solves the problem of knowing how to [get] the relevant indices just when we need them .

For a point on the top of we obtain a point on the side given by with a similar formula , given by the symmetry , for { 0 .
for a point on the top of we [get] a point on the side given by with a similar formula , given by the symmetry , for { 0 .

Clearance is encouraged by a credit system under which farmers obtain grants for tree-felling on unclaimed land .
clearance is encouraged by a credit system under which farmers [get] grants for tree-felling on unclaimed land .

The hearer would obtain adequate contextual effects but for very much less processing effort from a summary .
the hearer would [get] adequate contextual effects but for very much less processing effort from a summary .

The very act of communication implies that the speaker believes that the hearer can obtain adequate contextual effects for no gratuitous processing effort .
the very act of communication implies that the speaker believes that the hearer can [get] adequate contextual effects for no gratuitous processing effort .

Persons who , pursuant to an agreement or understanding ( whether formal or informal ) , actively co-operate to obtain or consolidate control of a company by acquiring its shares .
persons who , pursuant to an agreement or understanding ( whether formal or informal ) , actively co-operate to [get] or consolidate control of a company by acquiring its shares .

The sale of the shares is subject to the caveat emptor ( buyer beware ) principle ; unless the offeror can obtain express warranties and indemnities , or can be considered sufficiently proximate to the target 's directors and their advisers to found liability for negligent misstatement ( see para 20.1 below ) , there will be no redress if the target has unforeseen liabilities which make it less valuable than the offeror was led to believe .
the sale of the shares is subject to the caveat emptor ( buyer beware ) principle ; unless the offeror can [get] express warranties and indemnities , or can be considered sufficiently proximate to the target 's directors and their advisers to found liability for negligent misstatement ( see para 20.1 below ) , there will be no redress if the target has unforeseen liabilities which make it less valuable than the offeror was led to believe .

The offeror will have to depend on publicly-available sources of information and whatever else it can obtain or it is required to be given under the Code ( see para 5.8 below ) .
the offeror will have to depend on publicly-available sources of information and whatever else it can [get] or it is required to be given under the code ( see para 5.8 below ) .

Persons act in concert if , pursuant to an agreement or understanding ( whether formal or informal ) , they actively co-operate to obtain or consolidate control ( ie 30 per cent or more of the voting rights ) of a company by acquiring its shares .
persons act in concert if , pursuant to an agreement or understanding ( whether formal or informal ) , they actively co-operate to [get] or consolidate control ( ie 30 per cent or more of the voting rights ) of a company by acquiring its shares .

The obligation to make a mandatory offer attaches to the principal member or members of the group of persons who are acting in concert and who obtain or consolidate control ; it does not attach to the company itself .
the obligation to make a mandatory offer attaches to the principal member or members of the group of persons who are acting in concert and who [get] or consolidate control ; it does not attach to the company itself .

These are as follows : ( 1 ) The 75 per cent approval requirement ( see above ) is greater than the 50+ per cent level of acceptances required to obtain a controlling interest under a conventional offer .
these are as follows : ( 1 ) the 75 per cent approval requirement ( see above ) is greater than the 50+ per cent level of acceptances required to [get] a controlling interest under a conventional offer .

Where it is hoped to offer the target 's shareholders `` roll-over `` or `` hold-over `` relief on a securities exchange , the bidder will usually find it desirable to obtain advance clearance from the Inland Revenue ( see para 23.2.1.4 below ) .
where it is hoped to offer the target 's shareholders `` roll-over `` or `` hold-over `` relief on a securities exchange , the bidder will usually find it desirable to [get] advance clearance from the inland revenue ( see para 23.2.1.4 below ) .

It should also enable them to obtain `` roll-over `` relief ( see para 23.2.1.2 below ) so that any charge to tax on capital gains is deferred until such time as the consideration shares are disposed of .
it should also enable them to [get] `` roll-over `` relief ( see para 23.2.1.2 below ) so that any charge to tax on capital gains is deferred until such time as the consideration shares are disposed of .

Preference shares still enable accepting shareholders to obtain roll-over relief and defer the charge to tax on capital gains but at the same time offer current fixed income in the form of preference dividends .
preference shares still enable accepting shareholders to [get] roll-over relief and defer the charge to tax on capital gains but at the same time offer current fixed income in the form of preference dividends .

Practitioners will no doubt wish to advise their clients accordingly , seek appropriate indemnities where possible and obtain counsel 's opinion on particular areas of difficulty .
practitioners will no doubt wish to advise their clients accordingly , seek appropriate indemnities where possible and [get] counsel 's opinion on particular areas of difficulty .

Rule 2.3 stipulates that where the offer is to be recommended , an alternative ( if the target is listed ) to an announcement is to obtain a temporary suspension from listing followed by an announcement .
rule 2.3 stipulates that where the offer is to be recommended , an alternative ( if the target is listed ) to an announcement is to [get] a temporary suspension from listing followed by an announcement .

Rule 3.1 provides that the board of the target must obtain competent independent advice on any offer and the substance of that advice must be made known to its shareholders .
rule 3.1 provides that the board of the target must [get] competent independent advice on any offer and the substance of that advice must be made known to its shareholders .

Under Rule 3.2 the board of an offeror company must obtain competent independent advice on any offer which is a reverse takeover or presents the directors with a conflict of interest .
under rule 3.2 the board of an offeror company must [get] competent independent advice on any offer which is a reverse takeover or presents the directors with a conflict of interest .

Where the offeror is required to obtain independent advice , it should do so before announcing an offer or any revised offer , and the advice should be as to whether or not the making of the offer is in the interests of shareholders .
where the offeror is required to [get] independent advice , it should do so before announcing an offer or any revised offer , and the advice should be as to whether or not the making of the offer is in the interests of shareholders .

2.2 Subject to all Landlord 's Approvals and all other consents being obtained ( which the Landlord shall forthwith apply for and obtain with all due expedition ) and continuing in force ( which continuation in force the Landlord shall use its best endeavours to ensure is maintained ) the Landlord shall entirely at its own expense in all respects immediately proceed diligently to carry out and complete the Works :
2.2 subject to all landlord 's approvals and all other consents being obtained ( which the landlord shall forthwith apply for and [get] with all due expedition ) and continuing in force ( which continuation in force the landlord shall use its best endeavours to ensure is maintained ) the landlord shall entirely at its own expense in all respects immediately proceed diligently to carry out and complete the works :

2.3 If the Landlord is unable to obtain at a reasonable cost any of the materials referred to in the Building Documents the Landlord may [ ( subject to notifying promptly the Surveyors of its intention to do so ) ] in carrying out the Works substitute for them alternative materials as nearly as may be of the same quality
2.3 if the landlord is unable to [get] at a reasonable cost any of the materials referred to in the building documents the landlord may [ ( subject to notifying promptly the surveyors of its intention to do so ) ] in carrying out the works substitute for them alternative materials as nearly as may be of the same quality

The landlord should be responsible for ensuring that the works are carried out in accordance with the building documents and if there are any variations , it must either have them corrected or obtain the tenant 's consent to their remaining .
the landlord should be responsible for ensuring that the works are carried out in accordance with the building documents and if there are any variations , it must either have them corrected or [get] the tenant 's consent to their remaining .

3.4 Immediately upon such approval being obtained the Tenant shall at its own expense apply for and use all reasonable endeavours to obtain without delay all Tenant 's Approvals The question of timing again arises and the tenant may prefer this provision to be watered down slightly as follows :
3.4 immediately upon such approval being obtained the tenant shall at its own expense apply for and use all reasonable endeavours to [get] without delay all tenant 's approvals the question of timing again arises and the tenant may prefer this provision to be watered down slightly as follows :

3.4 As soon as practicable upon such approval being obtained the Tenant shall at its own expense apply for and use all reasonable endeavours to obtain all Tenant 's Approvals
3.4 as soon as practicable upon such approval being obtained the tenant shall at its own expense apply for and use all reasonable endeavours to [get] all tenant 's approvals

Any provisions in this Lease relating to the consent or approval of the Landlord shall be construed as also requiring the consent or approval of any existing mortgagee of the Premises and any existing superior Landlord where such consent or approval shall be required and the Landlord shall use all reasonable endeavours to obtain such consent or approval with all due expedition
any provisions in this lease relating to the consent or approval of the landlord shall be construed as also requiring the consent or approval of any existing mortgagee of the premises and any existing superior landlord where such consent or approval shall be required and the landlord shall use all reasonable endeavours to [get] such consent or approval with all due expedition

The tenant should in addition endeavour to obtain collateral warranties/duty of care agreements from , inter alia , the designers and constructors of the premises .
the tenant should in addition endeavour to [get] collateral warranties/duty of care agreements from , inter alia , the designers and constructors of the premises .

( 3 ) The tenant should resist a provision not to agree the reviewed rent under the underlease without the landlord 's approval , as the time it could take to obtain such approval could result in the undertenant changing its mind .
( 3 ) the tenant should resist a provision not to agree the reviewed rent under the underlease without the landlord 's approval , as the time it could take to [get] such approval could result in the undertenant changing its mind .

The other point in this regard is that a requirement for the tenant to obtain the landlord 's consent prior to making an application for planning permission could result in a considerable delay in the application being made in circumstances where the tenant requires the planning permission rather urgently , eg in connection with its fascia or signage , hence the amendment suggested below .
the other point in this regard is that a requirement for the tenant to [get] the landlord 's consent prior to making an application for planning permission could result in a considerable delay in the application being made in circumstances where the tenant requires the planning permission rather urgently , eg in connection with its fascia or signage , hence the amendment suggested below .

If the provision is included in the lease and is exercised , the tenant should not forget to obtain a release of the original guarantor on the execution of the guarantee by the new guarantor .
if the provision is included in the lease and is exercised , the tenant should not forget to [get] a release of the original guarantor on the execution of the guarantee by the new guarantor .

The only alternative is for the tenant to insure the missing risks itself , but this may not be cost effective , particularly if the landlord is a large property company and therefore more able to obtain cheaper cover .
the only alternative is for the tenant to insure the missing risks itself , but this may not be cost effective , particularly if the landlord is a large property company and therefore more able to [get] cheaper cover .

7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the Tenant or anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority [ and under the Tenant 's control ] the Landlord shall use [ its ] best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be required under the Planning Acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the Landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " Permissions " ) The insured risks referred to in 7.6.1.1 will hopefully have been specified in clause 2.8 or in the policy details supplied to the tenant from time to time pursuant to clause 7.9.1
7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the tenant or anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority [ and under the tenant 's control ] the landlord shall use [ its ] best endeavours to [get] all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be required under the planning acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " permissions " ) the insured risks referred to in 7.6.1.1 will hopefully have been specified in clause 2.8 or in the policy details supplied to the tenant from time to time pursuant to clause 7.9.1

Wherever possible , an obligation should be obtained from the landlord to use its best endeavours to obtain all necessary permissions .
wherever possible , an obligation should be obtained from the landlord to use its best endeavours to [get] all necessary permissions .

7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the Tenant or anyone at the Premises expressly or by implication with the Tenant 's authority while under the Tenant 's control and in the employment of the Tenant the Landlord shall use its best endeavours to obtain all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be required under the Planning Acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the Landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " Permissions " )
7.6.1.2 the payment of the insurance money is not refused in whole or in part by reason of any act or default of the tenant or anyone at the premises expressly or by implication with the tenant 's authority while under the tenant 's control and in the employment of the tenant the landlord shall use its best endeavours to [get] all planning permissions or other permits and consents that may be required under the planning acts or other statutes ( if any ) to enable the landlord to rebuild and reinstate ( " permissions " )

7.6.3.1 the Landlord has failed despite using [ its ] best endeavours to obtain the Permissions
7.6.3.1 the landlord has failed despite using [ its ] best endeavours to [get] the permissions

7.6.3.4 the Landlord is unable to obtain access to the site for the purposes of rebuilding or reinstating
7.6.3.4 the landlord is unable to [get] access to the site for the purposes of rebuilding or reinstating

The landlord should either obtain from the insurers a waiver of subrogation rights as regards the tenant , any undertenant and their mortgagees , or if that is not possible or practicable then the landlord should endeavour to note their interests on the policy .
the landlord should either [get] from the insurers a waiver of subrogation rights as regards the tenant , any undertenant and their mortgagees , or if that is not possible or practicable then the landlord should endeavour to note their interests on the policy .

4 Entry The right for the Tenant and all persons expressly or by implication authorised by the Tenant to enter upon other parts of the Centre and ( if any ) the Adjoining Property to carry out works to the Premises where such works would otherwise not be possible , or may be possible but rendered more expensive than they would otherwise be if this right was available The problem of access over a neighbour 's land has been greatly alleviated by the passage of the Access to Neighbouring Land Act 1992 which sets out a procedure whereby a person may obtain a court order permitting access to a neighbour 's property in order to carry out works to protect , repair or maintain their property in circumstances where the neighbour refuses consent to such access .
4 entry the right for the tenant and all persons expressly or by implication authorised by the tenant to enter upon other parts of the centre and ( if any ) the adjoining property to carry out works to the premises where such works would otherwise not be possible , or may be possible but rendered more expensive than they would otherwise be if this right was available the problem of access over a neighbour 's land has been greatly alleviated by the passage of the access to neighbouring land act 1992 which sets out a procedure whereby a person may [get] a court order permitting access to a neighbour 's property in order to carry out works to protect , repair or maintain their property in circumstances where the neighbour refuses consent to such access .

Some businesses may take legal advice , either from in-house legal advisers , or from their solicitors in private practice , and obtain a set of terms more or less tailored to their individual requirements .
some businesses may take legal advice , either from in-house legal advisers , or from their solicitors in private practice , and [get] a set of terms more or less tailored to their individual requirements .

Other businesses may obtain their terms from a trade association or similar organisation , in which case the association may have taken legal advice in the preparation of the terms .
other businesses may [get] their terms from a trade association or similar organisation , in which case the association may have taken legal advice in the preparation of the terms .

In any situation there may be unforeseen pitfalls or legal difficulties , and any business contemplating preparing a set of standard terms , or changing an existing set , would be well advised to obtain legal advice rather than go it alone .
in any situation there may be unforeseen pitfalls or legal difficulties , and any business contemplating preparing a set of standard terms , or changing an existing set , would be well advised to [get] legal advice rather than go it alone .

5 The remedies available to the client to enforce performance of those remedies or to obtain redress for breach .
5 the remedies available to the client to enforce performance of those remedies or to [get] redress for breach .

2 To obtain the maximum product support from the supplier .
2 to [get] the maximum product support from the supplier .

However , the ambit of the Act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the Act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .
however , the ambit of the act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to [get] particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .

If instructed on behalf of a seller , the first task is always to obtain the deeds and documents of title .
if instructed on behalf of a seller , the first task is always to [get] the deeds and documents of title .

The main object of a meeting , having agreed a quotation , is to obtain as much information as possible to make up the initial Protocol package for the seller or buyer .
the main object of a meeting , having agreed a quotation , is to [get] as much information as possible to make up the initial protocol package for the seller or buyer .

Whether this is the case or not , it is critical to obtain copy planning permissions from the seller 's solicitors prior to exchange of contracts .
whether this is the case or not , it is critical to [get] copy planning permissions from the seller 's solicitors prior to exchange of contracts .

In non-residential transactions , the National Protocol will not be used , but it nevertheless remains important to obtain a clear schedule of fixtures and fittings included and excluded .
in non-residential transactions , the national protocol will not be used , but it nevertheless remains important to [get] a clear schedule of fixtures and fittings included and excluded .

But it 's the clear duty of a seller 's conveyancer to recognise the nature of any plan required , and to obtain this from the seller , or , with authority , to instruct a professional draughtsman to prepare one .
but it 's the clear duty of a seller 's conveyancer to recognise the nature of any plan required , and to [get] this from the seller , or , with authority , to instruct a professional draughtsman to prepare one .

( 2 ) Obtain local search .
( 2 ) [get] local search .

If not , obtain an office copy of the application that gave rise to entry , which will supply not only information as to what is the protected interest but also as to who is the individual claiming protection and his or her conveyancer .
if not , [get] an office copy of the application that gave rise to entry , which will supply not only information as to what is the protected interest but also as to who is the individual claiming protection and his or her conveyancer .

To obtain this the lessor 's title must be strictly investigated and proved .
to [get] this the lessor 's title must be strictly investigated and proved .

If , however , the lessor 's title is itself only registered as good leasehold ( if , for example , the lessor is granting an underlease out of an older leasehold title ) you may not be able to obtain a better title than good leasehold for the underlease ; a position that a mortgagee will normally accept if there 's no alternative .
if , however , the lessor 's title is itself only registered as good leasehold ( if , for example , the lessor is granting an underlease out of an older leasehold title ) you may not be able to [get] a better title than good leasehold for the underlease ; a position that a mortgagee will normally accept if there 's no alternative .

Or ask your seller to obtain and let you have office copies , which will almost certainly be an obligation under the contract .
or ask your seller to [get] and let you have office copies , which will almost certainly be an obligation under the contract .

The precise timing will depend on the convenience of one 's clients and the need to obtain a mortgage advance cheque .
the precise timing will depend on the convenience of one 's clients and the need to [get] a mortgage advance cheque .

It is best to obtain a complete set of office copies , to include any transfer deed that may be filed at the Land Registry and a copy of the filed plan .
it is best to [get] a complete set of office copies , to include any transfer deed that may be filed at the land registry and a copy of the filed plan .

If it transpires from the answer to this requisition that such a memorandum should and will be endorsed , make a note there and then on your completion agenda to obtain a copy of it .
if it transpires from the answer to this requisition that such a memorandum should and will be endorsed , make a note there and then on your completion agenda to [get] a copy of it .

( b ) Last receipts , etc This is a reminder to obtain from your client ( if you haven `` t already done so ) the last receipts for ground rent and any unusual outgoings , which you will require in preparing the completion statement .
( b ) last receipts , etc this is a reminder to [get] from your client ( if you haven `` t already done so ) the last receipts for ground rent and any unusual outgoings , which you will require in preparing the completion statement .

Obtain from the seller the preliminary search and enquiries of the local authority .
[get] from the seller the preliminary search and enquiries of the local authority .

( b ) Take up references This applies to a purchase of leasehold property where the landlord 's licence to the transaction is required , and reminds you to obtain from your buyer-client names and addresses of persons who from their personal knowledge of your client can give assurance that he or she is likely to prove a satisfactory tenant .
( b ) take up references this applies to a purchase of leasehold property where the landlord 's licence to the transaction is required , and reminds you to [get] from your buyer-client names and addresses of persons who from their personal knowledge of your client can give assurance that he or she is likely to prove a satisfactory tenant .

In addition to the above forms , you will of course be required to obtain the borrower 's signature to the mortgage form and possibly a deed of assignment in respect of any endowment policies .
in addition to the above forms , you will of course be required to [get] the borrower 's signature to the mortgage form and possibly a deed of assignment in respect of any endowment policies .

Apart from the mortgage monies , it may be necessary to obtain the balance from the client in person .
apart from the mortgage monies , it may be necessary to [get] the balance from the client in person .

Yours faithfully , Such a method is now a little laborious and larger firms will be able to obtain a search result by telephone within 24 hours .
yours faithfully , such a method is now a little laborious and larger firms will be able to [get] a search result by telephone within 24 hours .

The issue of what must be disclosed ( and when ) in order to obtain a consent which will operate as a defence to an allegation of breach of fiduciary duty , will now be considered .
the issue of what must be disclosed ( and when ) in order to [get] a consent which will operate as a defence to an allegation of breach of fiduciary duty , will now be considered .

This does not derogate from his duty to act honestly and faithfully towards his customer and the broker must not conceal material facts in order to obtain an advantage for himself .
this does not derogate from his duty to act honestly and faithfully towards his customer and the broker must not conceal material facts in order to [get] an advantage for himself .

In conclusion , while it is possible to modify or displace the firm 's fiduciary duties if the customer 's informed consent is obtained , the uncertainty surrounding what must be disclosed to obtain sufficiently informed consent , and the practical problems encountered in making adequate disclosure , for example in predicting in advance all possible conflicts , means that disclosure and consent is not a completely reliable mens of varying fiduciary duties .
in conclusion , while it is possible to modify or displace the firm 's fiduciary duties if the customer 's informed consent is obtained , the uncertainty surrounding what must be disclosed to [get] sufficiently informed consent , and the practical problems encountered in making adequate disclosure , for example in predicting in advance all possible conflicts , means that disclosure and consent is not a completely reliable mens of varying fiduciary duties .

( b ) Alternative accommodation for alleged abusers Where a child is suffering or likely to suffer ill-treatment within the home and the alleged abuser proposes to move from the premises , a local authority may assist him to obtain alternative accommodation ( Sched 2 , para 5 ) .
( b ) alternative accommodation for alleged abusers where a child is suffering or likely to suffer ill-treatment within the home and the alleged abuser proposes to move from the premises , a local authority may assist him to [get] alternative accommodation ( sched 2 , para 5 ) .

Under s47 ( 6 ) they must take `` such steps as are reasonably practicable `` to obtain access to the child unless satisfied that they already have sufficient information ( s47 ( 4 ) ) .
under s47 ( 6 ) they must take `` such steps as are reasonably practicable `` to [get] access to the child unless satisfied that they already have sufficient information ( s47 ( 4 ) ) .

An authority may authorise another person to obtain access on its behalf .
an authority may authorise another person to [get] access on its behalf .

An applicant is required to obtain the leave of the court before certain applications can be made .
an applicant is required to [get] the leave of the court before certain applications can be made .

To investigateas necessary , and in particular : ( i ) to contactor seek to interview people as appropriate or as the court directs ; ( ii ) to bring to the court 's attentionall records and documents inspected which may assist the court in deciding the case ; ( iii ) to obtain professional adviceas appropriate or as the court may direct ; ( iv ) to file at court a written reportat least seven days before the final hearing , unless the court directs otherwise ; the court will then distribute copies of the report to the other parties .
to investigateas necessary , and in particular : ( i ) to contactor seek to interview people as appropriate or as the court directs ; ( ii ) to bring to the court 's attentionall records and documents inspected which may assist the court in deciding the case ; ( iii ) to [get] professional adviceas appropriate or as the court may direct ; ( iv ) to file at court a written reportat least seven days before the final hearing , unless the court directs otherwise ; the court will then distribute copies of the report to the other parties .

Where the child is of sufficient understanding the local authority must also obtain his consent before departing from the terms of an order .
where the child is of sufficient understanding the local authority must also [get] his consent before departing from the terms of an order .

Anyone else must obtain leave to make an application .
anyone else must [get] leave to make an application .

Lord Wilberforce considered ( at pp986 and 987 ) that there were two possible interpretations to the section : The first is to regard it as having a limited effect ; to be directed against persons who transfer assets abroad ; who by means of such transfers avoid tax , and who yet manage when resident in the United Kingdom to obtain or to be in a position to obtain benefits from those assets .
lord wilberforce considered ( at pp986 and 987 ) that there were two possible interpretations to the section : the first is to regard it as having a limited effect ; to be directed against persons who transfer assets abroad ; who by means of such transfers avoid tax , and who yet manage when resident in the united kingdom to [get] or to be in a position to [get] benefits from those assets .

It is the responsibility of the applicant to obtain the client 's permission .
it is the responsibility of the applicant to [get] the client 's permission .

That person will have contacts with library services and publishers , and will be able to negotiate discounts and obtain books on approval .
that person will have contacts with library services and publishers , and will be able to negotiate discounts and [get] books on approval .

It is possible to obtain a high percentage of your continuing professional development hours by this method .
it is possible to [get] a high percentage of your continuing professional development hours by this method .

No further information needs entering as anybody using the register can obtain details from the lawyer concerned .
no further information needs entering as anybody using the register can [get] details from the lawyer concerned .

In personal injury cases you obtain the advice of experts `` doctors , engineers and barristers `` on a daily basis .
in personal injury cases you [get] the advice of experts `` doctors , engineers and barristers `` on a daily basis .

In a case where liability is not disputed or is resolved during the course of the case , either by an admission or on a summons for judgment , try and obtain some costs from the defendant .
in a case where liability is not disputed or is resolved during the course of the case , either by an admission or on a summons for judgment , try and [get] some costs from the defendant .

It is always almost impossible for a single practitioner to obtain more than the other firms in the area are obtaining and you do not want to be in a position of being undersold because your colleagues in other firms have an unrealistic view about what should be charged .
it is always almost impossible for a single practitioner to [get] more than the other firms in the area are obtaining and you do not want to be in a position of being undersold because your colleagues in other firms have an unrealistic view about what should be charged .

We will take the steps necessary to obtain reports and you do not need to approach any doctor yourself for that purpose .
we will take the steps necessary to [get] reports and you do not need to approach any doctor yourself for that purpose .

Even charges by experts in the same field can differ widely ; it is possible to obtain a more than adequate employment report for under £500 , whereas some agencies in the area will quote £1,500 .
even charges by experts in the same field can differ widely ; it is possible to [get] a more than adequate employment report for under £500 , whereas some agencies in the area will quote £1,500 .

There are some experts whose advice you may seek , and whose fees you will not recover , but who easily justify their fee by the increase that they obtain in the damages awarded .
there are some experts whose advice you may seek , and whose fees you will not recover , but who easily justify their fee by the increase that they [get] in the damages awarded .

Quite apart from the plaintiff 's right to see the report , it is vital to obtain their commentary .
quite apart from the plaintiff 's right to see the report , it is vital to [get] their commentary .

Having discussed the report with the client and explained the procedural rules relating to expert evidence , you must obtain the client 's express consent to its disclosure to the other side .
having discussed the report with the client and explained the procedural rules relating to expert evidence , you must [get] the client 's express consent to its disclosure to the other side .

There will be cases where it will be necessary to obtain reports from consultants in different areas of expertise .
there will be cases where it will be necessary to [get] reports from consultants in different areas of expertise .

( 1 ) Does the witness understand why you need their help and how their evidence will help your client obtain justice ?
( 1 ) does the witness understand why you need their help and how their evidence will help your client [get] justice ?

While these sketches tend to be exaggerated at the witnesses ' expense they may provide useful cross-examination material , particularly if you can obtain corroboration from other witnesses .
while these sketches tend to be exaggerated at the witnesses ' expense they may provide useful cross-examination material , particularly if you can [get] corroboration from other witnesses .

Complaints to Strasbourg under the Convention can be used to force the Government to change administrative practices which shut out the media , and even to oblige it to legislate to give the media specific legal rights necessary to obtain access to information .
complaints to strasbourg under the convention can be used to force the government to change administrative practices which shut out the media , and even to oblige it to legislate to give the media specific legal rights necessary to [get] access to information .

Any journalist , confronted with a legal opinion that a story , or the conduct necessary to obtain it , might be against the law , should first establish whether that law permits trial by jury .
any journalist , confronted with a legal opinion that a story , or the conduct necessary to [get] it , might be against the law , should first establish whether that law permits trial by jury .

All that the plaintiff need do to obtain a restraining order is to show a prima facie , arguable case , and that the public interest in protecting the confidence is not , on the `` balance of convenience `` test , outweighed by some urgent public interest in publication .
all that the plaintiff need do to [get] a restraining order is to show a prima facie , arguable case , and that the public interest in protecting the confidence is not , on the `` balance of convenience `` test , outweighed by some urgent public interest in publication .

It means that a plaintiff with no more than an arguable case for suppressing a story on breach of confidence grounds can obtain , at a secret High Court hearing , an injunction against one defendant ( perhaps a journal whose financial position does not permit a legal contest ) and thereafter enforce it against every media outlet in the country .
it means that a plaintiff with no more than an arguable case for suppressing a story on breach of confidence grounds can [get] , at a secret high court hearing , an injunction against one defendant ( perhaps a journal whose financial position does not permit a legal contest ) and thereafter enforce it against every media outlet in the country .

Regrettably , the courts have been prepared to allow their procedures to be exploited by governments keen to obtain a glimpse of potentially embarrassing material prior to publication .
regrettably , the courts have been prepared to allow their procedures to be exploited by governments keen to [get] a glimpse of potentially embarrassing material prior to publication .

Secondly , plaintiffs can not obtain an injunction against a libellous publication , where the defendant indicates an intention to justify or to plead fair comment .
secondly , plaintiffs can not [get] an injunction against a libellous publication , where the defendant indicates an intention to justify or to plead fair comment .

The wife and the bachelor in the above cases should have been entitled to insist that the confusion be cleared up by a published clarification , but they should not have been able to obtain an award of damages against a newspaper which was not at fault .
the wife and the bachelor in the above cases should have been entitled to insist that the confusion be cleared up by a published clarification , but they should not have been able to [get] an award of damages against a newspaper which was not at fault .

When the press is sued over a reported quotation , it may obtain some relief by joining the speaker as co-defendant thereby making the real libeller liable to contribute to costs and damages .
when the press is sued over a reported quotation , it may [get] some relief by joining the speaker as co-defendant thereby making the real libeller liable to contribute to costs and damages .

An honest belief will always defeat an allegation of malice , unless the plaintiff can prove that the honestly mistaken defendant was activated mainly by a desire to injure the plaintiff or to obtain an improper personal advantage .
an honest belief will always defeat an allegation of malice , unless the plaintiff can prove that the honestly mistaken defendant was activated mainly by a desire to injure the plaintiff or to [get] an improper personal advantage .

Journalists who may be minded to look at court or police records should bear in mind that an official persuaded to show them a spent conviction is liable to a fine , and if they make their persuasion more persuasive by a bribe , or obtain access to the record dishonestly , they themselves are liable to imprisonment for up to six months .
journalists who may be minded to look at court or police records should bear in mind that an official persuaded to show them a spent conviction is liable to a fine , and if they make their persuasion more persuasive by a bribe , or [get] access to the record dishonestly , they themselves are liable to imprisonment for up to six months .

On the strength of this case , Lord Denning has argued , extra-judicially , that `` if newspapers or television receive or obtain information fairly from a reliable and responsible source , which it is in the public interest that the public should know , then there is a qualified privilege to publish it .
on the strength of this case , lord denning has argued , extra-judicially , that `` if newspapers or television receive or [get] information fairly from a reliable and responsible source , which it is in the public interest that the public should know , then there is a qualified privilege to publish it .

The justification for acquiring a microcomputer will lay stress on educational benefits and the school librarian and teachers will plan how the pupils will use the information they obtain from the microcomputer as a step in the learning process .
the justification for acquiring a microcomputer will lay stress on educational benefits and the school librarian and teachers will plan how the pupils will use the information they [get] from the microcomputer as a step in the learning process .

One major advantage to pupils and an important motivational factor in the use of word processing programs is that the pupils can obtain a print-out of their work .
one major advantage to pupils and an important motivational factor in the use of word processing programs is that the pupils can [get] a print-out of their work .

Obtain status report 5 .
[get] status report 5 .

While Aborigines may not appear an obvious choice of topic for a viewdata search , the teacher nevertheless found that the tourist information on Australia not only provided some useful background material , but could be used to obtain travel brochures in quantity which the pupils could then use as a visual source .
while aborigines may not appear an obvious choice of topic for a viewdata search , the teacher nevertheless found that the tourist information on australia not only provided some useful background material , but could be used to [get] travel brochures in quantity which the pupils could then use as a visual source .

The two-way , interactive nature of Prestel has been shown above in the case studies where the Mailbox facilities were used to obtain information and learning materials .
the two-way , interactive nature of prestel has been shown above in the case studies where the mailbox facilities were used to [get] information and learning materials .

It is important for school librarians to scan computer journals , obtain information from publishers and other sources , arrange exhibit of software in the school or provide loan copies of software from school library service .
it is important for school librarians to scan computer journals , [get] information from publishers and other sources , arrange exhibit of software in the school or provide loan copies of software from school library service .

If there is a bank or building society mortgage the husband 's solicitors should be able to obtain the title deeds from the mortgagee .
if there is a bank or building society mortgage the husband 's solicitors should be able to [get] the title deeds from the mortgagee .

This should be sufficient to put a purchaser on notice so that he insists on paying the purchase monies to two trustees or a trust corporation so as to obtain a good receipt ( Law of Property Act 1925 , s27 ) .
this should be sufficient to put a purchaser on notice so that he insists on paying the purchase monies to two trustees or a trust corporation so as to [get] a good receipt ( law of property act 1925 , s27 ) .

( c ) Conduct of the conveyancing It is appropriate for the husband 's solicitors to obtain the title deeds so that they may act as vendor 's solicitors .
( c ) conduct of the conveyancing it is appropriate for the husband 's solicitors to [get] the title deeds so that they may act as vendor 's solicitors .

Moreover , some agreements enabled local authorities to obtain gains which could not legally be achieved through a condition .
moreover , some agreements enabled local authorities to [get] gains which could not legally be achieved through a condition .

This has proved a very difficult field in which to obtain unanimity , but the effectiveness of the controls and agreements is very apparent to the European ( and , still more , the American ) visitor .
this has proved a very difficult field in which to [get] unanimity , but the effectiveness of the controls and agreements is very apparent to the european ( and , still more , the american ) visitor .

Mineral undertakers have long-standing powers to obtain rights over land containing mineral deposits .
mineral undertakers have long-standing powers to [get] rights over land containing mineral deposits .

The provisions of the 1986 Act are somewhat technical , but the draft circular promotes a clear political stance : ‘ subject to the need to obtain planning permission , the level of opencast coal production is determined by market forces .
the provisions of the 1986 act are somewhat technical , but the draft circular promotes a clear political stance : ‘ subject to the need to [get] planning permission , the level of opencast coal production is determined by market forces .

Building licences are difficult to get and the developer who has been fortunate enough to obtain one is often willing to pay a much inflated price for a piece of land upon which to build .
building licences are difficult to get and the developer who has been fortunate enough to [get] one is often willing to pay a much inflated price for a piece of land upon which to build .

The second set of compulsory powers were not to become operative until the ‘ second appointed day ’ and were to be brought into effect only if it appeared ‘ that it is necessary in the public interest to enable the commission to obtain authority for the compulsory acquisition of land by a simplified procedure ’ .
the second set of compulsory powers were not to become operative until the ‘ second appointed day ’ and were to be brought into effect only if it appeared ‘ that it is necessary in the public interest to enable the commission to [get] authority for the compulsory acquisition of land by a simplified procedure ’ .

Normally , the commission had to dispose of land at the best price it could obtain , but there was one important exception .
normally , the commission had to dispose of land at the best price it could [get] , but there was one important exception .

Just as in crystallography , if one wants a ‘ perfect crystal ’ one has to adopt special procedures to obtain it .
just as in crystallography , if one wants a ‘ perfect crystal ’ one has to adopt special procedures to [get] it .

To obtain this is in itself a complicated matter .
to [get] this is in itself a complicated matter .

The electrical methods allow other possibilities ; one can , for example , release dye all along a wire at a given instant and obtain information from its subsequent locus .
the electrical methods allow other possibilities ; one can , for example , release dye all along a wire at a given instant and [get] information from its subsequent locus .

We are not asking why people want to obtain money : that is obvious .
we are not asking why people want to [get] money : that is obvious .

Financial intermediaries also ensure that projects that are potentially profitable will be able to obtain finance .
financial intermediaries also ensure that projects that are potentially profitable will be able to [get] finance .

To do this they obtain money from the banks by borrowing money at call and short notice and by selling them bills .
to do this they [get] money from the banks by borrowing money at call and short notice and by selling them bills .

Thus if more bonds and fewer Treasury bills were issued , the banks could still obtain the same amount of bills as before ( by paying a higher price ) , with other buyers getting less .
thus if more bonds and fewer treasury bills were issued , the banks could still [get] the same amount of bills as before ( by paying a higher price ) , with other buyers getting less .

The young man 's intentions had been honourable and he had asked his father to obtain her as a bride .
the young man 's intentions had been honourable and he had asked his father to [get] her as a bride .

It is a practical and successful way of using land used throughout the tropics under different names , where poor soils , steep slopes and heavy rainfall obtain .
it is a practical and successful way of using land used throughout the tropics under different names , where poor soils , steep slopes and heavy rainfall [get] .

He was a Valium addict who would try anything to obtain a supply of the drug — including pretending to overdose himself so he would be referred to psychiatry .
he was a valium addict who would try anything to [get] a supply of the drug — including pretending to overdose himself so he would be referred to psychiatry .

To satisfy the court that these conditions have been met , it is necessary to obtain either oral testimony or , in the vast majority of cases , a signed statement from the person that occupies ‘ a responsible position in relation to the management of the activities for the purposes of which the computer was used ’ ( s.5(4) ) .
to satisfy the court that these conditions have been met , it is necessary to [get] either oral testimony or , in the vast majority of cases , a signed statement from the person that occupies ‘ a responsible position in relation to the management of the activities for the purposes of which the computer was used ’ ( s.5(4) ) .

Teaching and lecturing staff rarely have the time needed to identify , obtain , understand and analyse complex datasets such as those held on the Data Archive .
teaching and lecturing staff rarely have the time needed to identify , [get] , understand and analyse complex datasets such as those held on the data archive .

Where the peasantry remained ‘ pre-commercial , ’ as in large parts of Russia and among the emancipated slaves of the Americas who returned to subsistence peasant agriculture , the estate retained this advantage , but without the physical compulsions of serfdom or slavery it now found it more difficult to obtain labour , unless the former slaves or serfs were landless or so short of land as to be obliged to become hired labourers — and unless there was no more attractive labour for them to take .
where the peasantry remained ‘ pre-commercial , ’ as in large parts of russia and among the emancipated slaves of the americas who returned to subsistence peasant agriculture , the estate retained this advantage , but without the physical compulsions of serfdom or slavery it now found it more difficult to [get] labour , unless the former slaves or serfs were landless or so short of land as to be obliged to become hired labourers — and unless there was no more attractive labour for them to take .

If the sole purpose of bringing an action for a money claim is to obtain such consent , the particulars of claim need state the case only briefly and ask for approval ( Ord 10 , r 10 ) .
if the sole purpose of bringing an action for a money claim is to [get] such consent , the particulars of claim need state the case only briefly and ask for approval ( ord 10 , r 10 ) .

If assessed or taxed costs under Ord 11 , rr 2 ( 3 ) ( a ) or 3 ( 5 ) ( a ) are not paid , the plaintiff may obtain judgment for them on filing a request ( Ord 22 , r 5 ( 3 ) ) .
if assessed or taxed costs under ord 11 , rr 2 ( 3 ) ( a ) or 3 ( 5 ) ( a ) are not paid , the plaintiff may [get] judgment for them on filing a request ( ord 22 , r 5 ( 3 ) ) .

It is not of course sufficient to obtain an order to say that the facts alleged are wrong , as is sometimes done , because that is a matter to be decided on a hearing .
it is not of course sufficient to [get] an order to say that the facts alleged are wrong , as is sometimes done , because that is a matter to be decided on a hearing .

Subject to making such searches as may be required to obtain such affidavits and documents as it has been necessary to bespeak , the Filing and Record Department will send the listed documents to the county named in the Order .
subject to making such searches as may be required to [get] such affidavits and documents as it has been necessary to bespeak , the filing and record department will send the listed documents to the county named in the order .

To assess the damages it is necessary to form a view upon three matters each of which is in greater or lesser degree one of speculation : ( 1 ) the value of the material benefits for his dependants which the deceased would have provided out of his earnings for each year in the future during which he would have provided for them had he not been killed : ( 2 ) the value of any material benefits which the dependants will be able to obtain in each such year from sources ( other than insurance ) which would not have been available to them had the deceased lived but which will become available to them as a result of his death : ( 3 ) the amount of the capital sum which , with prudent management , will produce annual amounts equal to the difference between ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ( that is " the dependency " ) for each of the years during which the deceased would have provided material benefits for the dependants had he not been killed .
to assess the damages it is necessary to form a view upon three matters each of which is in greater or lesser degree one of speculation : ( 1 ) the value of the material benefits for his dependants which the deceased would have provided out of his earnings for each year in the future during which he would have provided for them had he not been killed : ( 2 ) the value of any material benefits which the dependants will be able to [get] in each such year from sources ( other than insurance ) which would not have been available to them had the deceased lived but which will become available to them as a result of his death : ( 3 ) the amount of the capital sum which , with prudent management , will produce annual amounts equal to the difference between ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ( that is " the dependency " ) for each of the years during which the deceased would have provided material benefits for the dependants had he not been killed .

1.20 In any case involving continuing disability both sides should obtain independent medical evidence .
1.20 in any case involving continuing disability both sides should [get] independent medical evidence .

Section 33(3) requires the court to have regard to all the circumstances of the case and in particular to : ( a ) the length of , and the reasons for , the delay on the part of the plaintiff ; ( b ) the extent to which , having regard to the delay , the evidence adduced or likely to be adduced by the plaintiff or the defendant is or is likely to be less cogent than if the action had been brought within the time allowed by s11 or ( as the case may be ) by s12 ; ( c ) the conduct of the defendant after the cause of action arose , including the extent ( if any ) to which he responded to requests reasonably made by the plaintiff for information or inspection for the purpose of ascertaining facts which were or might be relevant to the plaintiff 's cause of action against the defendant ; ( d ) the duration of any disability of the plaintiff arising after the date of the accrual of the cause of action ; ( e ) the extent to which the plaintiff acted promptly and reasonably once he knew whether or not the act or omission of the defendant , to which the injury was attributable , might be capable at that time of giving rise to an action for damages ; ( f ) the steps , if any , taken by the plaintiff to obtain medical , legal or other expert advice and the nature of any such advice he may have received .
section 33(3) requires the court to have regard to all the circumstances of the case and in particular to : ( a ) the length of , and the reasons for , the delay on the part of the plaintiff ; ( b ) the extent to which , having regard to the delay , the evidence adduced or likely to be adduced by the plaintiff or the defendant is or is likely to be less cogent than if the action had been brought within the time allowed by s11 or ( as the case may be ) by s12 ; ( c ) the conduct of the defendant after the cause of action arose , including the extent ( if any ) to which he responded to requests reasonably made by the plaintiff for information or inspection for the purpose of ascertaining facts which were or might be relevant to the plaintiff 's cause of action against the defendant ; ( d ) the duration of any disability of the plaintiff arising after the date of the accrual of the cause of action ; ( e ) the extent to which the plaintiff acted promptly and reasonably once he knew whether or not the act or omission of the defendant , to which the injury was attributable , might be capable at that time of giving rise to an action for damages ; ( f ) the steps , if any , taken by the plaintiff to [get] medical , legal or other expert advice and the nature of any such advice he may have received .

It is also difficult to obtain insurance cover in substantial amounts to cover this type of liability .
it is also difficult to [get] insurance cover in substantial amounts to cover this type of liability .

The plaintiff tried to obtain collection of a debt under the contract by way of summary judgment , and , when the defendant attempted to raise a counterclaim for breach which would entitle him to defend the case , relied on this clause .
the plaintiff tried to [get] collection of a debt under the contract by way of summary judgment , and , when the defendant attempted to raise a counterclaim for breach which would entitle him to defend the case , relied on this clause .

The seller can only obtain a limited profit margin on the goods or services that he supplies , while the economic loss suffered by the buyer for his failure to perform may be unknown to the seller , not easily forecast , and far greater than the profit margin the seller enj oys on the transaction .
the seller can only [get] a limited profit margin on the goods or services that he supplies , while the economic loss suffered by the buyer for his failure to perform may be unknown to the seller , not easily forecast , and far greater than the profit margin the seller enj oys on the transaction .

Precedent 4 contains such an undertaking and explains the steps that should be taken to obtain the benefit of s 6 ( 8 ) .
precedent 4 contains such an undertaking and explains the steps that should be taken to [get] the benefit of s 6 ( 8 ) .

7.2 If the Supplier shall become substantially unable , whether for reasons within or beyond its control , to fulfil its obligations to supply the Products to the Company in accordance with any purchase orders outstanding at any time and , ( after the Company has notified the Supplier in writing of such default ) the Supplier shall not have remedied the same within a period of 90 days from the receipt of such notice , then the Company shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement forthwith , and obtain supplies of the Products from third parties .
7.2 if the supplier shall become substantially unable , whether for reasons within or beyond its control , to fulfil its obligations to supply the products to the company in accordance with any purchase orders outstanding at any time and , ( after the company has notified the supplier in writing of such default ) the supplier shall not have remedied the same within a period of 90 days from the receipt of such notice , then the company shall be entitled to terminate this agreement forthwith , and [get] supplies of the products from third parties .

Where the possibility of a conflict of interest arising is detected the clients affected must be advised of the circumstances fully and promptly and told to obtain independent advice .
where the possibility of a conflict of interest arising is detected the clients affected must be advised of the circumstances fully and promptly and told to [get] independent advice .

It is almost impossible to devise a method of ensuring that all the firms involved obtain an equal share of the cake .
it is almost impossible to devise a method of ensuring that all the firms involved [get] an equal share of the cake .

This expert might have to deal with a wide variety of issues , including the builder's/lessor 's obligations to obtain planning permission , as well as the design and construction obligations , issues which are usually left to an arbitrator or an Official Referee of the High Court .
this expert might have to deal with a wide variety of issues , including the builder's/lessor 's obligations to [get] planning permission , as well as the design and construction obligations , issues which are usually left to an arbitrator or an official referee of the high court .

Relying on implied terms can not be recommended , as it may take a great deal of time and money to obtain a satisfactory ruling from the court if the other party contests the implication .
relying on implied terms can not be recommended , as it may take a great deal of time and money to [get] a satisfactory ruling from the court if the other party contests the implication .

The only way for the court to decide on a matter of accountancy opinion is to obtain the expert evidence of accountants acting as expert witnesses : see 6.7.2 .
the only way for the court to decide on a matter of accountancy opinion is to [get] the expert evidence of accountants acting as expert witnesses : see 6.7.2 .

These rules are very important , because they bring consistency to the interpretation of leases and enable parties buying and selling leases and reversions to obtain more reliable advice on what their rights and liabilities are likely to be .
these rules are very important , because they bring consistency to the interpretation of leases and enable parties buying and selling leases and reversions to [get] more reliable advice on what their rights and liabilities are likely to be .

The purpose of doing so is to attempt to obtain for the landlord a higher rent than would be awarded by the court on an application for an interim rent under s24A of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 .
the purpose of doing so is to attempt to [get] for the landlord a higher rent than would be awarded by the court on an application for an interim rent under s24a of the landlord and tenant act 1954 .

4.14 Normally , the measure of damage will be the sum expended to obtain the appliance or facility required plus its current running expenses .
4.14 normally , the measure of damage will be the sum expended to [get] the appliance or facility required plus its current running expenses .

It arises directly out of the `` no conflict `` rule , of which it is a logical consequence ; if a director can not keep the benefit he would obtain were he to take advantage of his position , he will not be tempted to take advantage .
it arises directly out of the `` no conflict `` rule , of which it is a logical consequence ; if a director can not keep the benefit he would [get] were he to take advantage of his position , he will not be tempted to take advantage .

If s320 is considered to apply , then , in the case of a buy-out from a private company , the requisite resolutions should not be difficult to obtain .
if s320 is considered to apply , then , in the case of a buy-out from a private company , the requisite resolutions should not be difficult to [get] .

Buy-out teams often resist this on the ground that the financiers would obtain their reward from participation in the buy-out .
buy-out teams often resist this on the ground that the financiers would [get] their reward from participation in the buy-out .

It is essential for an investor to decide at the outset what it expects to obtain from the due diligence exercise .
it is essential for an investor to decide at the outset what it expects to [get] from the due diligence exercise .

Newco needs to decide how to obtain the services , the cost of establishing new systems and whether an interim period , during which services will continue to be supplied by the vendor , is required .
newco needs to decide how to [get] the services , the cost of establishing new systems and whether an interim period , during which services will continue to be supplied by the vendor , is required .

If there is not to be a substantial gain realised on the sale of Target , it may be advantageous if management vendors sell for cash and obtain interest relief on new borrowings to invest in the buy-out ( see 4.4 below ) , rather than effect a share-for-share or share-for-debenture exchange .
if there is not to be a substantial gain realised on the sale of target , it may be advantageous if management vendors sell for cash and [get] interest relief on new borrowings to invest in the buy-out ( see 4.4 below ) , rather than effect a share-for-share or share-for-debenture exchange .

Where management are not borrowing and so do not need to obtain interest relief , and vendor shareholders wish to obtain capital gains tax deferral and are offered debentures in Newco for their Target shares , it may be possible to use a partnership to acquire control of Target but also incorporate a Newco ( owned by the partnership ) to issue the debentures .
where management are not borrowing and so do not need to [get] interest relief , and vendor shareholders wish to [get] capital gains tax deferral and are offered debentures in newco for their target shares , it may be possible to use a partnership to acquire control of target but also incorporate a newco ( owned by the partnership ) to issue the debentures .

To obtain interest relief on loans to subscribe shares in a Newco which is to purchase the business of , rather than shares in , Target , it appears that management no longer has the difficulty of persuading the Revenue that Newco `` exists wholly or mainly for the purpose of carrying on a trade … `` , as required by s13A ( 2 ) ( a ) .
to [get] interest relief on loans to subscribe shares in a newco which is to purchase the business of , rather than shares in , target , it appears that management no longer has the difficulty of persuading the revenue that newco `` exists wholly or mainly for the purpose of carrying on a trade … `` , as required by s13a ( 2 ) ( a ) .

For the other conditions that need to be satisfied for management to obtain interest relief , reference should be made to s360 .
for the other conditions that need to be satisfied for management to [get] interest relief , reference should be made to s360 .

( 4 ) Each manager must hold at least one ordinary share in Newco and work for more than half his time in the `` management or conduct of the company `` or an associated company ; alternatively he must own more than 5 % of the ordinary share capital of Newco ( the `` material interest `` test ) ; for these purposes , the shareholdings of any associate of an individual manager are aggregated with his holding ; `` management or conduct of the company `` ( rather than its business ) connotes the function of directors and senior managers , so other employees and middle management will not be able to obtain relief , since they are unlikely to have a sufficient holding in Newco to satisfy the material interest test .
( 4 ) each manager must hold at least one ordinary share in newco and work for more than half his time in the `` management or conduct of the company `` or an associated company ; alternatively he must own more than 5 % of the ordinary share capital of newco ( the `` material interest `` test ) ; for these purposes , the shareholdings of any associate of an individual manager are aggregated with his holding ; `` management or conduct of the company `` ( rather than its business ) connotes the function of directors and senior managers , so other employees and middle management will not be able to [get] relief , since they are unlikely to have a sufficient holding in newco to satisfy the material interest test .

To obtain this relief , a disposal of shares must be a material disposal in relation to the `` personal company `` of the person making the disposal .
to [get] this relief , a disposal of shares must be a material disposal in relation to the `` personal company `` of the person making the disposal .

Management may be able to establish Newco , obtain commitments to subscribe share capital from the employees and collect in their money , which could support a bridging loan to enable Newco to acquire Target and thus become a holding company .
management may be able to establish newco , [get] commitments to subscribe share capital from the employees and collect in their money , which could support a bridging loan to enable newco to acquire target and thus become a holding company .

Further , the managers may wish to dispose of their Target shares for cash in order to free their resources and obtain tax-efficient borrowings to acquire their shares in Newco .
further , the managers may wish to dispose of their target shares for cash in order to free their resources and [get] tax-efficient borrowings to acquire their shares in newco .

If the investors do not themselves take out the keyman insurance cover but instead Newco does so and assigns the benefit of the policy to the investors , then Newco will not , in general , obtain a deduction from tax liability for the premiums paid because they will not have been `` wholly and exclusively `` incurred for the purposes of its trade .
if the investors do not themselves take out the keyman insurance cover but instead newco does so and assigns the benefit of the policy to the investors , then newco will not , in general , [get] a deduction from tax liability for the premiums paid because they will not have been `` wholly and exclusively `` incurred for the purposes of its trade .

Moreover , an investor would only obtain a deduction in respect of premiums if it is a financial institution holding its interest as trading stock .
moreover , an investor would only [get] a deduction in respect of premiums if it is a financial institution holding its interest as trading stock .

If they obtain a strong set of warranties from the vendor , then they are likely to seek less from management .
if they [get] a strong set of warranties from the vendor , then they are likely to seek less from management .

In addition , the investors will be keen to obtain warranties in respect of the business plan and future financial forecasts along the following lines : ( a ) The Business Plan has been carefully prepared in good faith having regard to the information available and the market conditions prevailing at the time of its preparation and the figures contained therein have been carefully considered and are honestly believed to be reasonable and the Managers have made all reasonable enquiries so as to ascertain all such information and conditions which are relevant to the preparation of the forecasts contained therein .
in addition , the investors will be keen to [get] warranties in respect of the business plan and future financial forecasts along the following lines : ( a ) the business plan has been carefully prepared in good faith having regard to the information available and the market conditions prevailing at the time of its preparation and the figures contained therein have been carefully considered and are honestly believed to be reasonable and the managers have made all reasonable enquiries so as to ascertain all such information and conditions which are relevant to the preparation of the forecasts contained therein .

Nevertheless , it is common that preference shares with a right to a cumulative dividend obtain voting rights if the dividend is in arrears for a specified period .
nevertheless , it is common that preference shares with a right to a cumulative dividend [get] voting rights if the dividend is in arrears for a specified period .

Other complicated structures are possible ; these include performance-related options which would permit management to obtain more shares .
other complicated structures are possible ; these include performance-related options which would permit management to [get] more shares .

As a general rule the number of third party consents that a vendor ( or perhaps purchaser ) must obtain are normally greater if it is an asset as opposed to a share sale .
as a general rule the number of third party consents that a vendor ( or perhaps purchaser ) must [get] are normally greater if it is an asset as opposed to a share sale .

In the current economic climate , however , consents are usually quite easy to obtain if the purchaser appears financially sound particularly in comparison with the vendor .
in the current economic climate , however , consents are usually quite easy to [get] if the purchaser appears financially sound particularly in comparison with the vendor .

As a result , consents have tended to be easier and quicker to obtain in recent years .
as a result , consents have tended to be easier and quicker to [get] in recent years .

Shareholder consents can be particularly difficult and time-consuming to obtain if some of the shares are held in a trust either for the families of other shareholders or for employees or as part of the company 's pension fund .
shareholder consents can be particularly difficult and time-consuming to [get] if some of the shares are held in a trust either for the families of other shareholders or for employees or as part of the company 's pension fund .

In addition where the property is leasehold the following further information is required : Lease details — confirmation of compliance with landlord 's and tenant 's covenants in the lease ; service charges ; insurance ; the need to obtain any consents to the assignment of the lease .
in addition where the property is leasehold the following further information is required : lease details — confirmation of compliance with landlord 's and tenant 's covenants in the lease ; service charges ; insurance ; the need to [get] any consents to the assignment of the lease .

In many transactions it is either necessary or thought by one of the parties to be commercially worthwhile to obtain consent for or approval of certain items before the business transfer is completed .
in many transactions it is either necessary or thought by one of the parties to be commercially worthwhile to [get] consent for or approval of certain items before the business transfer is completed .

Before disclosing the agreement the vendor should ensure that he is not in breach of any confidentiality undertakings contained in the agreement and if necessary first obtain the consent of the other parties before disclosing the agreement to the purchaser .
before disclosing the agreement the vendor should ensure that he is not in breach of any confidentiality undertakings contained in the agreement and if necessary first [get] the consent of the other parties before disclosing the agreement to the purchaser .

Traditionally some vendors oppose asset sales on the basis that it takes too long to obtain the landlord 's consent and the long delay between exchange and completion causes uncertainty for the business .
traditionally some vendors oppose asset sales on the basis that it takes too long to [get] the landlord 's consent and the long delay between exchange and completion causes uncertainty for the business .

It is possible to obtain derogation from certain Stock Exchange requirements but this must be applied for in the early stages of a transaction .
it is possible to [get] derogation from certain stock exchange requirements but this must be applied for in the early stages of a transaction .

It is rarely necessary to obtain government consent before selling a business to a non-UK purchaser .
it is rarely necessary to [get] government consent before selling a business to a non-uk purchaser .

Historically it was necessary to obtain the prior consent of the Treasury before transferring all or part of a business to a company outside the United Kingdom .
historically it was necessary to [get] the prior consent of the treasury before transferring all or part of a business to a company outside the united kingdom .

In the 1970s , a similar inquiry resulted in the imprisonment of three executives of Industrial Bio Test , who had been found to have tampered with laboratory animals in order to obtain an improved safety result for drugs and pesticides .
in the 1970s , a similar inquiry resulted in the imprisonment of three executives of industrial bio test , who had been found to have tampered with laboratory animals in order to [get] an improved safety result for drugs and pesticides .

Under the Environmental Protection Act , specific categories of companies are obliged to notify local authorities about activities causing pollution , obtain licences to continue them , and give indications how they intend to reduce their effluents .
under the environmental protection act , specific categories of companies are obliged to notify local authorities about activities causing pollution , [get] licences to continue them , and give indications how they intend to reduce their effluents .

Children are more likely to obtain jobs in the class bracket of their fathers than they are to be socially mobile .
children are more likely to [get] jobs in the class bracket of their fathers than they are to be socially mobile .

If government wanted such powers , it could obtain them only through Parliament ( Parliament itself has never sought to exercise executive powers ) and the granting of them could take place only after deliberation and approval by the triumvirate of monarch , Lords , and Commons .
if government wanted such powers , it could [get] them only through parliament ( parliament itself has never sought to exercise executive powers ) and the granting of them could take place only after deliberation and approval by the triumvirate of monarch , lords , and commons .

To be a candidate one has to obtain the signature of 10 electors in the constituency and submit a deposit of £150 ( approximately $ 225 ) , returnable in the event of receiving one-eighth of the votes cast .
to be a candidate one has to [get] the signature of 10 electors in the constituency and submit a deposit of £150 ( approximately $ 225 ) , returnable in the event of receiving one-eighth of the votes cast .

These are the only parties to each obtain several million votes in general elections .
these are the only parties to each [get] several million votes in general elections .

However , there would be additional seats allocated to parties on a regional basis , a minimum of 5 % of the vote in any area of allocation being necessary to obtain any additional seats .
however , there would be additional seats allocated to parties on a regional basis , a minimum of 5 % of the vote in any area of allocation being necessary to [get] any additional seats .

They can then obtain the necessary information for their Doppler calculations , by monitoring the pitch at which they are obliged to hoot in order to achieve the fixed-pitch echo .
they can then [get] the necessary information for their doppler calculations , by monitoring the pitch at which they are obliged to hoot in order to achieve the fixed-pitch echo .

Some studies are being made ( by the Department of Energy amongst others ) of user responses to solar heating systems in private houses ; these are chiefly in order to iron out operating problems , since to obtain maximum benefit the home owner or tenant must pay a little more attention to energy use patterns with active solar collector systems and avoid leaving doors and windows open with passive systems .
some studies are being made ( by the department of energy amongst others ) of user responses to solar heating systems in private houses ; these are chiefly in order to iron out operating problems , since to [get] maximum benefit the home owner or tenant must pay a little more attention to energy use patterns with active solar collector systems and avoid leaving doors and windows open with passive systems .

To take an even more difficult example ; to obtain a more ecologically sound agriculture would require enormous changes in the agribusiness infrastructure .
to take an even more difficult example ; to [get] a more ecologically sound agriculture would require enormous changes in the agribusiness infrastructure .

The methods proposed are intended to enable students to obtain insights into aspects of cohesion and narrative structure ; insights , it is suggested , which are not as readily obtainable through more traditional techniques of stylistic analysis .
the methods proposed are intended to enable students to [get] insights into aspects of cohesion and narrative structure ; insights , it is suggested , which are not as readily obtainable through more traditional techniques of stylistic analysis .

The main reason behind the establishment of the Falls Development Agency was to assist the community of West Belfast to obtain employment and training in jobs and skills which were available .
the main reason behind the establishment of the falls development agency was to assist the community of west belfast to [get] employment and training in jobs and skills which were available .

It was also said that good motivation alone was not enough for the unemployed as training was necessary , however determined a person was to obtain employment .
it was also said that good motivation alone was not enough for the unemployed as training was necessary , however determined a person was to [get] employment .

The sin-offering ( 4:1–5:13 and 6:24–30 ) : made in order to obtain forgiveness .
the sin-offering ( 4:1–5:13 and 6:24–30 ) : made in order to [get] forgiveness .

He must first obtain forgiveness and cleansing for his own sin .
he must first [get] forgiveness and cleansing for his own sin .

His only child was an infant daughter but he also had two adult brothers , William and Ademar , who clearly expected to obtain possession of the county and be the guardians of their niece .
his only child was an infant daughter but he also had two adult brothers , william and ademar , who clearly expected to [get] possession of the county and be the guardians of their niece .

Eventually a papal legate , John of Anagni , arrived in northern France on a peace-making mission and he was able to obtain an undertaking from both Kings that they would abide by the decisions of an arbitration panel consisting of himself and four Archbishops , Rheims , Bourges , Rouen and Canterbury .
eventually a papal legate , john of anagni , arrived in northern france on a peace-making mission and he was able to [get] an undertaking from both kings that they would abide by the decisions of an arbitration panel consisting of himself and four archbishops , rheims , bourges , rouen and canterbury .

This is the source from which many of the bacteria here obtain their hydrogen and as long as bacteria were dependent upon volcanic action for it , they could not spread widely .
this is the source from which many of the bacteria here [get] their hydrogen and as long as bacteria were dependent upon volcanic action for it , they could not spread widely .

To cross this frontier , they like the first terrestrial invertebrates had to solve two problems : first , how to move around out of water , and second , how to obtain oxygen from the air .
to cross this frontier , they like the first terrestrial invertebrates had to solve two problems : first , how to move around out of water , and second , how to [get] oxygen from the air .

They have no gills , but obtain their oxygen by absorbing it through the skin of their body and greatly enlarged tails .
they have no gills , but [get] their oxygen by absorbing it through the skin of their body and greatly enlarged tails .

They argue that causation involves one event ( the cause ) generating or producing another event ( the effect ) , and that we can obtain direct knowledge about this causal generation : we do not have to infer causality on the basis of temporal priority .
they argue that causation involves one event ( the cause ) generating or producing another event ( the effect ) , and that we can [get] direct knowledge about this causal generation : we do not have to infer causality on the basis of temporal priority .

Where the extreme view differs from more moderate views is in playing down — or even ignoring — crucial differences between the contexts of learning that obtain for oral and for written language , and between the language modes themselves .
where the extreme view differs from more moderate views is in playing down — or even ignoring — crucial differences between the contexts of learning that [get] for oral and for written language , and between the language modes themselves .

And the main reason was that reactionary and factious opposition led the Government to seek and obtain an immediate dissolution of Parliament .
and the main reason was that reactionary and factious opposition led the government to seek and [get] an immediate dissolution of parliament .

Oral hearings were justified as a means of enabling the General Assembly , as supervisory body , to obtain detailed information about conditions in the Territory .
oral hearings were justified as a means of enabling the general assembly , as supervisory body , to [get] detailed information about conditions in the territory .

Remember when cutting the stock material that it must be turned over after each cut to obtain the correct angles on each segment .
remember when cutting the stock material that it must be turned over after each cut to [get] the correct angles on each segment .

It was , they said , the moment for the people to rise up in arms and obtain independence , and even though this begged the question against whom they would use these arms , there was no doubt , as the Central Committee said , that it was a moment of exceptional opportunity .
it was , they said , the moment for the people to rise up in arms and [get] independence , and even though this begged the question against whom they would use these arms , there was no doubt , as the central committee said , that it was a moment of exceptional opportunity .

The single-cell layer of the wall will lie in such a way that it is in contact with the mother 's blood supply , burrowing into the capillaries ( thread-like blood vessels ) to obtain nutrition via the mother 's blood — only the first few days ' nutrition comes from within the blastocyst itself .
the single-cell layer of the wall will lie in such a way that it is in contact with the mother 's blood supply , burrowing into the capillaries ( thread-like blood vessels ) to [get] nutrition via the mother 's blood — only the first few days ' nutrition comes from within the blastocyst itself .

Secondly , its direct effect on sexual activity is such that a man may obtain an erection ( or a woman may become `` prepared `` for sexual intercourse by dilation of the vagina , protrusion of the clitoris and the other numerous changes which make coitus comfortable and pleasant ) with no physical stimulation at all ; simply by action from the brain — seeing and being close to an attractive member of the opposite sex , looking at pornographic material or simply by fantasy or `` thinking about it `` .
secondly , its direct effect on sexual activity is such that a man may [get] an erection ( or a woman may become `` prepared `` for sexual intercourse by dilation of the vagina , protrusion of the clitoris and the other numerous changes which make coitus comfortable and pleasant ) with no physical stimulation at all ; simply by action from the brain — seeing and being close to an attractive member of the opposite sex , looking at pornographic material or simply by fantasy or `` thinking about it `` .

Some people , however , obtain their main sexual pleasure — to the point of orgasm — from displaying themselves thus ; and , as is well-known , may gain intense satisfaction from forcing this display upon some unwilling individual .
some people , however , [get] their main sexual pleasure — to the point of orgasm — from displaying themselves thus ; and , as is well-known , may gain intense satisfaction from forcing this display upon some unwilling individual .

Deviance arises when stimulation and enjoyment are difficult to obtain except through the fetish .
deviance arises when stimulation and enjoyment are difficult to [get] except through the fetish .

These , respectively a need to hurt or to be hurt in order to obtain or enhance sexual satisfaction , are yet again aspects of normal sexuality within reasonable limits .
these , respectively a need to hurt or to be hurt in order to [get] or enhance sexual satisfaction , are yet again aspects of normal sexuality within reasonable limits .

Next to masturbation , it is the easiest of all sexual diversions to obtain , the most easily exploited commercially and the easiest target for the would-be reformer .
next to masturbation , it is the easiest of all sexual diversions to [get] , the most easily exploited commercially and the easiest target for the would-be reformer .

One of the proposals to relieve traffic congestion on Buxton Road seemed to envisage — details were difficult to obtain using the trackbed of the railway line together with a 100 feet wide portion of the field to create an urban motorway .
one of the proposals to relieve traffic congestion on buxton road seemed to envisage — details were difficult to [get] using the trackbed of the railway line together with a 100 feet wide portion of the field to create an urban motorway .

However , when we put in the characteristic matrix , we obtain both of which are simply degenerate ; it is readily checked that which satisfies the full characteristic equation .
however , when we put in the characteristic matrix , we [get] both of which are simply degenerate ; it is readily checked that which satisfies the full characteristic equation .

For suppose we have a Jordan block as in the theorem , with , and we apply the most general transformation ; we obtain This can not be real and symmetric : it requires c = d = 0 , which violates the condition .
for suppose we have a jordan block as in the theorem , with , and we apply the most general transformation ; we [get] this can not be real and symmetric : it requires c = d = 0 , which violates the condition .

We then obtain n — 2 linear algebraic equations for the n — 2 unknowns pi .
we then [get] n — 2 linear algebraic equations for the n — 2 unknowns pi .

These suggest that we might use = 20 , = 10 in ( 2.6.1 ) ; we have already used = 0 to obtain .
these suggest that we might use = 20 , = 10 in ( 2.6.1 ) ; we have already used = 0 to [get] .

If we expand ( 1 ) we obtain successively If we eliminate q we find The same equation is satisfied by q .
if we expand ( 1 ) we [get] successively if we eliminate q we find the same equation is satisfied by q .

For since belong to different eigenvalues , they are orthogonal , and so that For the process of normalisation , we require to evaluate and m is evidently diagonal ; in view of the check equations ( 9 ) it can be written the determinant of which is , so its reciprocal is readily written down and we can obtain normalised forms of .
for since belong to different eigenvalues , they are orthogonal , and so that for the process of normalisation , we require to evaluate and m is evidently diagonal ; in view of the check equations ( 9 ) it can be written the determinant of which is , so its reciprocal is readily written down and we can [get] normalised forms of .

We thus obtain Also , we may now choose and using the second of Equations ( 6 ) we now find We now have to find , and for this we use ( 8 ) .
we thus [get] also , we may now choose and using the second of equations ( 6 ) we now find we now have to find , and for this we use ( 8 ) .

At this stage , we make consecutive accurate calculations , to see if we can get consistent values for : Using the elements of the last line in ( 2 ) we obtain The elements of the first line give The results are consistent , as indeed are the results from the second and third lines .
at this stage , we make consecutive accurate calculations , to see if we can get consistent values for : using the elements of the last line in ( 2 ) we [get] the elements of the first line give the results are consistent , as indeed are the results from the second and third lines .

We have seen that the power method can be used to obtain dominant eigenvalues and the associated vectors , and , by deflation , sweeng , shifting and inverse iteration , can also be used to find all non-dominant eigenvalues and their vectors ; the results are obtained seriatim .
we have seen that the power method can be used to [get] dominant eigenvalues and the associated vectors , and , by deflation , sweeng , shifting and inverse iteration , can also be used to find all non-dominant eigenvalues and their vectors ; the results are obtained seriatim .

We treat it by the method of Equation ( 2.6.4 ) , using the first three rows , to obtain with x4 =1 , so that we find at once .
we treat it by the method of equation ( 2.6.4 ) , using the first three rows , to [get] with x4 =1 , so that we find at once .

It frequently happens , both in dynamical problems and in other eigenvalue problems that we have approximate values for one or more eigenvalues ( and perhaps vectors ) and require to obtain more exact values .
it frequently happens , both in dynamical problems and in other eigenvalue problems that we have approximate values for one or more eigenvalues ( and perhaps vectors ) and require to [get] more exact values .

Since f is a function of λ which vanishes at the eigenvalues , we may use it in the Newton-Raphson method to obtain an improved approximation : , the zero suffixes indicating that the functions are calculated for .
since f is a function of λ which vanishes at the eigenvalues , we may use it in the newton-raphson method to [get] an improved approximation : , the zero suffixes indicating that the functions are calculated for .

This equation is not easy to solve numerically as it stands ; however , if we are given an approximation to an eigenvalue , we write for the exact eigenvalue , which therefore satisfies ( 4 ) , so that we obtain , which is now an equation for ε Write then .
this equation is not easy to solve numerically as it stands ; however , if we are given an approximation to an eigenvalue , we write for the exact eigenvalue , which therefore satisfies ( 4 ) , so that we [get] , which is now an equation for ε write then .

Finally , if is written , we obtain the scalar equation .
finally , if is written , we [get] the scalar equation .

For the teacher in secondary school ( and even more for teachers in primary and middle schools ) this situation simply does not obtain .
for the teacher in secondary school ( and even more for teachers in primary and middle schools ) this situation simply does not [get] .

It 's easier to guess why a reduction in market share is taking place than obtain the basic facts and make improvements .
it 's easier to guess why a reduction in market share is taking place than [get] the basic facts and make improvements .

The Profitboss goes out of his way to discourage report-writing : to do so he will go out of his way to walk the patch and give ( or obtain ) thirty-second verbal reports .
the profitboss goes out of his way to discourage report-writing : to do so he will go out of his way to walk the patch and give ( or [get] ) thirty-second verbal reports .

Far better to spend time with your other half and obtain some support and understanding than escape to the club to leave your loved one isolated at home .
far better to spend time with your other half and [get] some support and understanding than escape to the club to leave your loved one isolated at home .

Nevertheless , even in a crowded warren , visitors in the form of young rabbits seeking desirable dry quarters may be tolerated … and if powerful enough they may obtain and hold a place .
nevertheless , even in a crowded warren , visitors in the form of young rabbits seeking desirable dry quarters may be tolerated … and if powerful enough they may [get] and hold a place .

Quantum mechanics may be peculiar but not to the extent of allowing one to obtain the square root of minus one as the result of an experiment !
quantum mechanics may be peculiar but not to the extent of allowing one to [get] the square root of minus one as the result of an experiment !

No one would have constructed them in the form they have if he had not known that at all costs he must , when it comes to experimental predictions , obtain those same results which the statistically interpreted Schrödinger equation seems to produce so economically and naturally .
no one would have constructed them in the form they have if he had not known that at all costs he must , when it comes to experimental predictions , [get] those same results which the statistically interpreted schrödinger equation seems to produce so economically and naturally .

One can readily obtain pairs of protons in what is known as a singlet state .
one can readily [get] pairs of protons in what is known as a singlet state .

Each entry contains an evaluative description , information on how to obtain the film or video , and the names of the director and producer of the work .
each entry contains an evaluative description , information on how to [get] the film or video , and the names of the director and producer of the work .

The success of the fiftieth-anniversary appeal attests to the gallery 's singular capacity to attract donations which is , and will be shown throughout the 1990s , the principal method by which museums will obtain masterpieces .
the success of the fiftieth-anniversary appeal attests to the gallery 's singular capacity to attract donations which is , and will be shown throughout the 1990s , the principal method by which museums will [get] masterpieces .

Visitors will be able to operate a network of interactive VDUs to obtain information on almost all the works we possess and their history as if they were taking a peep into the vaults .
visitors will be able to operate a network of interactive vdus to [get] information on almost all the works we possess and their history as if they were taking a peep into the vaults .

He has the lion in a head-lock and his arms are buried in the mane to obtain a grip on the throat , his club and quiver lay.on the ground .
he has the lion in a head-lock and his arms are buried in the mane to [get] a grip on the throat , his club and quiver lay.on the ground .

Could a private citizen obtain a court order to prevent post office workers boycotting mail to South Africa ? Could the Greater London Council lawfully cut tube fares ? Could a taxi driver be deprived of his licence to operate at Heathrow because of misconduct , without being given a chance to put his side of the story ? Could the Secretary of State for Education force a local authority to go ahead with its predecessor council 's plan to ‘ comprehensivize ’ schools in its area ? Could parents force a local authority to keep schools open during a strike of ancillary workers ? When is the Home Office entitled to change policy guidelines concerning the release of prisoners on licence or the admission to Britain of immigrant children wanted for adoption here ? Could the government ban union membership amongst civil servants working at its intelligence headquarters without consulting union leaders ? Could Spanish owners of fishing vessels force the government to allow the vessels to fish in British waters pending a decision as to whether they were entitled to do so under European Community law ? Could campaigners for the preservation of the remains of Shakespeare 's Rose theatre challenge a decision to register the remains as a national monument ? Could the government lawfully ban transmission of the voices of members of terrorist organizations ?
could a private citizen [get] a court order to prevent post office workers boycotting mail to south africa ? could the greater london council lawfully cut tube fares ? could a taxi driver be deprived of his licence to operate at heathrow because of misconduct , without being given a chance to put his side of the story ? could the secretary of state for education force a local authority to go ahead with its predecessor council 's plan to ‘ comprehensivize ’ schools in its area ? could parents force a local authority to keep schools open during a strike of ancillary workers ? when is the home office entitled to change policy guidelines concerning the release of prisoners on licence or the admission to britain of immigrant children wanted for adoption here ? could the government ban union membership amongst civil servants working at its intelligence headquarters without consulting union leaders ? could spanish owners of fishing vessels force the government to allow the vessels to fish in british waters pending a decision as to whether they were entitled to do so under european community law ? could campaigners for the preservation of the remains of shakespeare 's rose theatre challenge a decision to register the remains as a national monument ? could the government lawfully ban transmission of the voices of members of terrorist organizations ?

If an authority has decided to do an act which is allegedly illegal but has not yet done it then , of course , the applicant will want to challenge the decision to act and to obtain an order instructing the authority not to carry out its decision .
if an authority has decided to do an act which is allegedly illegal but has not yet done it then , of course , the applicant will want to challenge the decision to act and to [get] an order instructing the authority not to carry out its decision .

It is sometimes possible to obtain a coercive order if a defendant deliberately refuses to comply with a declaration , but this is exceptional and does not invalidate the general argument .
it is sometimes possible to [get] a coercive order if a defendant deliberately refuses to comply with a declaration , but this is exceptional and does not invalidate the general argument .

It is also possible to obtain a mandatory injunction which performs essentially the same function as an order of mandamus , that is to require a body to do its legal duty .
it is also possible to [get] a mandatory injunction which performs essentially the same function as an order of mandamus , that is to require a body to do its legal duty .

In other words , in order to obtain an award of damages it is necessary to show a private law wrong ; damages can not be awarded simply on the basis that a governmental body has acted illegally .
in other words , in order to [get] an award of damages it is necessary to show a private law wrong ; damages can not be awarded simply on the basis that a governmental body has acted illegally .

If a breach of public law also amounts to a breach of the European Convention on Human Rights it may be possible to obtain an award of compensation under the Convention from the European Court of Human Rights , but not from an English Court .
if a breach of public law also amounts to a breach of the european convention on human rights it may be possible to [get] an award of compensation under the convention from the european court of human rights , but not from an english court .

But legal proceedings are often brought for a variety of reasons : not just to obtain a favourable outcome , but also in order , for example , to obtain publicity or to force a reconsideration of a contentious decision or policy or as a bargaining tactic .
but legal proceedings are often brought for a variety of reasons : not just to [get] a favourable outcome , but also in order , for example , to [get] publicity or to force a reconsideration of a contentious decision or policy or as a bargaining tactic .

So long as one of the applicant 's motives is to obtain a favourable outcome , leave should be granted provided the claim is not unarguable .
so long as one of the applicant 's motives is to [get] a favourable outcome , leave should be granted provided the claim is not unarguable .

Their first auction in Moscow was successful because they managed to obtain permission from the Soviet authorities to export a group of Russian paintings from the Twenties and Thirties .
their first auction in moscow was successful because they managed to [get] permission from the soviet authorities to export a group of russian paintings from the twenties and thirties .

Thus the law insists that a director who wishes to enter into a transaction where there is any possibility of a conflict between his own interest and his duty to act in the best interests of the company must disclose the transaction to the shareholders in general meeting and obtain their consent to it .
thus the law insists that a director who wishes to enter into a transaction where there is any possibility of a conflict between his own interest and his duty to act in the best interests of the company must disclose the transaction to the shareholders in general meeting and [get] their consent to it .

The Companies Act 1980 ( now consolidated in the Companies Act 1985 ) has extended the occasions when the consent of the shareholders to a transaction is required , so that , for example , before directors enter into long-term service agreements with their company , or substantial property transactions with their company , they must disclose the details of these transactions and obtain the consent of the shareholders .
the companies act 1980 ( now consolidated in the companies act 1985 ) has extended the occasions when the consent of the shareholders to a transaction is required , so that , for example , before directors enter into long-term service agreements with their company , or substantial property transactions with their company , they must disclose the details of these transactions and [get] the consent of the shareholders .

To obtain an order form for your tickets before you travel .
to [get] an order form for your tickets before you travel .

To obtain an order form for your tickets please contact the Netherlands Board of Tourism in London ( telephone 071–630 0451 ) .
to [get] an order form for your tickets please contact the netherlands board of tourism in london ( telephone 071–630 0451 ) .

The public rooms are spacious and light include lounge area , cocktail bar complete with piano , Café Barbizon where you can obtain tempting snacks and afternoon tea and cakes whilst their restaurant offers a high standard of service and cuisine specialising in both local and international dishes .
the public rooms are spacious and light include lounge area , cocktail bar complete with piano , café barbizon where you can [get] tempting snacks and afternoon tea and cakes whilst their restaurant offers a high standard of service and cuisine specialising in both local and international dishes .

It would , in any case , have been difficult to obtain unanimous support for the complete closure that Don Aldo Marangoni was advocating .
it would , in any case , have been difficult to [get] unanimous support for the complete closure that don aldo marangoni was advocating .

As we obtain the funds , we will gradually be able to build up further records : two million , five million , ten million .
as we [get] the funds , we will gradually be able to build up further records : two million , five million , ten million .

Of the sculptures exhibited in Brussels , the most important and the biggest is ‘ Bâteau zoologique ’ , which the artist has personally retouched and installed on site to obtain a particular emphasis .
of the sculptures exhibited in brussels , the most important and the biggest is ‘ bâteau zoologique ’ , which the artist has personally retouched and installed on site to [get] a particular emphasis .

It is difficult for them to obtain overseas development funds , and it is even hard to mail a letter to another country because Eritrean stamps are not yet internationally recognised .
it is difficult for them to [get] overseas development funds , and it is even hard to mail a letter to another country because eritrean stamps are not yet internationally recognised .

In the current economic climate Mellor was reluctant to say whether he would be able to obtain the extra funding from the Treasury .
in the current economic climate mellor was reluctant to say whether he would be able to [get] the extra funding from the treasury .

In addition , Sotheby 's London Chief Executive Timothy Llewellyn explained , ‘ We have a notarised statement by a previous owner of the painting , Alexander Kozlenkov , given in the Land of Berlin and dated 26 January 1990 , that the picture was given to his late father , a colonel in the Soviet Army , by a German family who lived in the Schlossmuseum , in gratitude for helping them obtain food during the occupation .
in addition , sotheby 's london chief executive timothy llewellyn explained , ‘ we have a notarised statement by a previous owner of the painting , alexander kozlenkov , given in the land of berlin and dated 26 january 1990 , that the picture was given to his late father , a colonel in the soviet army , by a german family who lived in the schlossmuseum , in gratitude for helping them [get] food during the occupation .

Artists obtain certain rights , collectively known as copyright , on the origination of any artistic work .
artists [get] certain rights , collectively known as copyright , on the origination of any artistic work .

The position may , however , be resolved in another way by allowing individuals the right to opt out , rather than requiring the relevant organisation to obtain specific permission from the person on the list first .
the position may , however , be resolved in another way by allowing individuals the right to opt out , rather than requiring the relevant organisation to [get] specific permission from the person on the list first .

Seven out of the forty women specifically mention the pleasure they obtain from seeing a line full of clean clothes ; some explain it is because they anticipate the silent admiration of neighbours at this visible ( though shortlived ) achievement .
seven out of the forty women specifically mention the pleasure they [get] from seeing a line full of clean clothes ; some explain it is because they anticipate the silent admiration of neighbours at this visible ( though shortlived ) achievement .

It is difficult for them to obtain overseas development funds , and it is even hard to mail a letter to another country because Eritrean stamps are not yet internationally recognised .
it is difficult for them to [get] overseas development funds , and it is even hard to mail a letter to another country because eritrean stamps are not yet internationally recognised .

Many textile works use surface water from streams or rivers , and , to obtain a uniform supply with a substantial reserve , this is often collected in reservoirs or lodges .
many textile works use surface water from streams or rivers , and , to [get] a uniform supply with a substantial reserve , this is often collected in reservoirs or lodges .

Costs for water obtained from local natural supplies were difficult to obtain , and few figures were available .
costs for water obtained from local natural supplies were difficult to [get] , and few figures were available .

For students unable to obtain a place in hall for their first or subsequent years , the remaining choice lies in the private-rented sector .
for students unable to [get] a place in hall for their first or subsequent years , the remaining choice lies in the private-rented sector .

Make sure you obtain and read the summary well in advance .
make sure you [get] and read the summary well in advance .

Dealers will almost invariably try to obtain the highest possible price , but the prospective buyer should always endeavour to negotiate .
dealers will almost invariably try to [get] the highest possible price , but the prospective buyer should always endeavour to negotiate .

Relatively inexpensive items could be included in a general household policy , but obtain separate cover for more valuable rugs .
relatively inexpensive items could be included in a general household policy , but [get] separate cover for more valuable rugs .

Alternatively , you can obtain one from any accredited insurance valuer .
alternatively , you can [get] one from any accredited insurance valuer .

In all cases , before initiating a sale it is wise to obtain an independent valuation , which should also be backed up by your own observations of current prices for similar items .
in all cases , before initiating a sale it is wise to [get] an independent valuation , which should also be backed up by your own observations of current prices for similar items .

Shareholders , banks and so on do not necessarily tightly constrain managers essentially because they lack enough information to do so , and this is either a result of some problem in the market for information ( e. g. the public good problem amongst shareholders ) or because the information is inherently difficult to obtain .
shareholders , banks and so on do not necessarily tightly constrain managers essentially because they lack enough information to do so , and this is either a result of some problem in the market for information ( e. g. the public good problem amongst shareholders ) or because the information is inherently difficult to [get] .

: Due to constraints on the availability of data pads it was not always possible to obtain test data from the original source .
: due to constraints on the availability of data pads it was not always possible to [get] test data from the original source .

It also made it more difficult to obtain maintenance — and this emphasised the stigma of bastardy .
it also made it more difficult to [get] maintenance — and this emphasised the stigma of bastardy .

The next step was to obtain finance in order to start manufacturing and selling full-sized engines .
the next step was to [get] finance in order to start manufacturing and selling full-sized engines .

He also probably invented the sun and planet gear used to obtain rotary motion on Watt engines .
he also probably invented the sun and planet gear used to [get] rotary motion on watt engines .

Many mothers recognized that their children 's health was endangered by unhygienic homes , by their own inability to buy sufficient food or milk , to breastfeed adequately , to obtain treatment for their sick children , but found that advice rarely met these real needs , which were the products essentially of poverty .
many mothers recognized that their children 's health was endangered by unhygienic homes , by their own inability to buy sufficient food or milk , to breastfeed adequately , to [get] treatment for their sick children , but found that advice rarely met these real needs , which were the products essentially of poverty .

Arrangements were made to obtain contributions from employers of casual labour who might have more than one employer in any week .
arrangements were made to [get] contributions from employers of casual labour who might have more than one employer in any week .

You are advised to obtain a Certificate of Posting , which must be produced in the event of loss .
you are advised to [get] a certificate of posting , which must be produced in the event of loss .

To obtain your set , send a cheque or postal order for £13.99 payable to Royal Mail International together with your name and address to :
to [get] your set , send a cheque or postal order for £13.99 payable to royal mail international together with your name and address to :

Your Guide to Sending International Standard and Economy Parcels which you can obtain at post office counters .
your guide to sending international standard and economy parcels which you can [get] at post office counters .

To obtain evidence that you posted an item we strongly advise you to ask for a certificate of posting when you hand in a parcel at a post office counter .
to [get] evidence that you posted an item we strongly advise you to ask for a certificate of posting when you hand in a parcel at a post office counter .

If you do not obtain a certificate of posting we are not legally liable to pay compensation , after all we have no other way of knowing if the item was even despatched .
if you do not [get] a certificate of posting we are not legally liable to pay compensation , after all we have no other way of knowing if the item was even despatched .

If you want to obtain a higher level of compensation cover than the basic £20 then we have a range of services available .
if you want to [get] a higher level of compensation cover than the basic £20 then we have a range of services available .

If you are still unhappy with the reply you receive you can obtain independent local advice from a Post Office Advisory Committee , whose address can be obtained at your local Customer Care Unit , or by phoning the Parcelforce National Enquiry Centre on 0800 22 44 66 .
if you are still unhappy with the reply you receive you can [get] independent local advice from a post office advisory committee , whose address can be obtained at your local customer care unit , or by phoning the parcelforce national enquiry centre on 0800 22 44 66 .

You can obtain details and forms to apply for arbitration from the institute ; its address is at the back of this booklet .
you can [get] details and forms to apply for arbitration from the institute ; its address is at the back of this booklet .

You should obtain a Certificate of Posting , which is available free of charge at the counter .
you should [get] a certificate of posting , which is available free of charge at the counter .

You obtain evidence of the date and place you posted the letter or package and special security handling arrangements throughout , and someone must sign for it when we deliver it .
you [get] evidence of the date and place you posted the letter or package and special security handling arrangements throughout , and someone must sign for it when we deliver it .

To obtain evidence that you posted an item we advise you to ask for a certificate of posting when you post a letter at a post office counter .
to [get] evidence that you posted an item we advise you to ask for a certificate of posting when you post a letter at a post office counter .

If you are still unhappy with the reply you receive you can obtain local advice from a Post Office Advisory Committee , whose address is in the Post Guide booklet .
if you are still unhappy with the reply you receive you can [get] local advice from a post office advisory committee , whose address is in the post guide booklet .

You can obtain details and forms to apply for arbitration from the Institute ; its address is at the back of this booklet .
you can [get] details and forms to apply for arbitration from the institute ; its address is at the back of this booklet .

As a new resident in Northern Ireland you must obtain a Northern Ireland licence .
as a new resident in northern ireland you must [get] a northern ireland licence .

Within the first year of residence you should make arrangements to obtain a Northern Ireland licence and you may need to take a driving test before a licence can be granted .
within the first year of residence you should make arrangements to [get] a northern ireland licence and you may need to take a driving test before a licence can be granted .

Less tangibly , but almost of equal importance , the newer migrants may obtain advice on how to adapt to the urban way of life with its newer and more ‘ sophisticated ’ ways .
less tangibly , but almost of equal importance , the newer migrants may [get] advice on how to adapt to the urban way of life with its newer and more ‘ sophisticated ’ ways .

obtain birth certificate
[get] birth certificate

In as far as they were less likely to be increasingly forced to resort to bribery to obtain scant food supplies at a time when the official ration was totally inadequate , farmers were better off than their urban counterparts .
in as far as they were less likely to be increasingly forced to resort to bribery to [get] scant food supplies at a time when the official ration was totally inadequate , farmers were better off than their urban counterparts .

The aim is to obtain the maximum saleable tonnage at reasonable cost and therefore 90cm rows and normal husbandry methods are used .
the aim is to [get] the maximum saleable tonnage at reasonable cost and therefore 90cm rows and normal husbandry methods are used .

This is an excellent way of learning but you can only obtain the material for the questions by listening .
this is an excellent way of learning but you can only [get] the material for the questions by listening .

There has been a tendency for international inter-governmental organizations to lean too exclusively on the expertise of scholars in the preparation of instruments of unification and to obtain inadequate input from organizations of business men engaged in the particular field under consideration .
there has been a tendency for international inter-governmental organizations to lean too exclusively on the expertise of scholars in the preparation of instruments of unification and to [get] inadequate input from organizations of business men engaged in the particular field under consideration .

c ) We shall continually review our debt recovery procedures and those of solicitors , debt collection agencies and others whose services we use to obtain repayment of debts , so as to ensure that acceptable standards are maintained .
c ) we shall continually review our debt recovery procedures and those of solicitors , debt collection agencies and others whose services we use to [get] repayment of debts , so as to ensure that acceptable standards are maintained .

Rushing around at the last minute trying to obtain foreign currency and travellers cheques is not the best preparation for a business trip abroad .
rushing around at the last minute trying to [get] foreign currency and travellers cheques is not the best preparation for a business trip abroad .

Many students find it difficult to obtain insurance cover for their belongings whilst they 're lining in digs or halls of residence .
many students find it difficult to [get] insurance cover for their belongings whilst they 're lining in digs or halls of residence .

Instant access to your savings in unlikely to be your prime concern , but you will be looking to obtain an attractive return on your money over the longer term .
instant access to your savings in unlikely to be your prime concern , but you will be looking to [get] an attractive return on your money over the longer term .

The issue of censorship arose again in connection with a license to print , which he was fortunate to obtain since he knew exactly what he had done .
the issue of censorship arose again in connection with a license to print , which he was fortunate to [get] since he knew exactly what he had done .

For the publication of his pro-Copernican Discourse concerning a new planet ( 1640 ) , Wilkins had to obtain a license .
for the publication of his pro-copernican discourse concerning a new planet ( 1640 ) , wilkins had to [get] a license .

They provided a sounding board , enabling the civil servants to keep abreast of the state of reformist opinion , and for the penal reform groups and academic researchers to obtain an insight into current thinking at the Home Office .
they provided a sounding board , enabling the civil servants to keep abreast of the state of reformist opinion , and for the penal reform groups and academic researchers to [get] an insight into current thinking at the home office .

The Act buttressed the law on trespass with two new criminal offences : using or threatening violence in order to obtain entry to any premises , and occupying a house or flat and refusing to leave at the request of the rightful occupier .
the act buttressed the law on trespass with two new criminal offences : using or threatening violence in order to [get] entry to any premises , and occupying a house or flat and refusing to leave at the request of the rightful occupier .

One of the most important factors in green manuring is to obtain good germination and rapid growth .
one of the most important factors in green manuring is to [get] good germination and rapid growth .

Those with dairy goats may need to have some goats kidding in the autumn to obtain good supplies of milk in winter .
those with dairy goats may need to have some goats kidding in the autumn to [get] good supplies of milk in winter .

Experimentally melatonin treatment has been combined with light treatment to obtain out-of-season breeding ( Ref .
experimentally melatonin treatment has been combined with light treatment to [get] out-of-season breeding ( ref .

Feed requirements could be reduced by the increased exploration as the birds obtain a greater proportion of their diet from the surrounding woodland .
feed requirements could be reduced by the increased exploration as the birds [get] a greater proportion of their diet from the surrounding woodland .

The dilemma is that Kenyan companies can not export effectively until they command the volumes needed to justify investments in both knowledge and quality , but they can not obtain those volumes without investment .
the dilemma is that kenyan companies can not export effectively until they command the volumes needed to justify investments in both knowledge and quality , but they can not [get] those volumes without investment .

The best companies are able more readily to make alliances or purchase technology or be welcomed into countries other than their own , or obtain financial consideration from banks or shareholders , or escape some of the more scathing criticisms which can be so damaging to a company if produced in the public arena .
the best companies are able more readily to make alliances or purchase technology or be welcomed into countries other than their own , or [get] financial consideration from banks or shareholders , or escape some of the more scathing criticisms which can be so damaging to a company if produced in the public arena .

By choosing to study one representative , for example , we might obtain a more acute insight into the attempt to present the theory as a coherent whole ; that is , we may be able to re-create in a more sympathetic fashion the sense of what connects with what .
by choosing to study one representative , for example , we might [get] a more acute insight into the attempt to present the theory as a coherent whole ; that is , we may be able to re-create in a more sympathetic fashion the sense of what connects with what .

By invoking the idea of modes , then , we obtain a much sharper distinction between the purposes of the historian and the lawyer than Dicey outlines .
by invoking the idea of modes , then , we [get] a much sharper distinction between the purposes of the historian and the lawyer than dicey outlines .

To overcome the problem of missing and lost keys and keys not being handed back by the guest on departure and to combat the problem of security by which unauthorised persons obtain keys to rooms , many hotels are going to the expense of installing keyless locks on their rooms .
to overcome the problem of missing and lost keys and keys not being handed back by the guest on departure and to combat the problem of security by which unauthorised persons [get] keys to rooms , many hotels are going to the expense of installing keyless locks on their rooms .

For a special function , how would one obtain an extended licence ?
for a special function , how would one [get] an extended licence ?

If there is any doubt , the cashier should tactfully try to obtain proof of identity , e.g .
if there is any doubt , the cashier should tactfully try to [get] proof of identity , e.g .

In the area of booking contracts a form of damages has developed which may enable the guest to obtain more than the value of the contract .
in the area of booking contracts a form of damages has developed which may enable the guest to [get] more than the value of the contract .

a husband booking on behalf of himself his wife and children , may obtain damages not only for his own disappointment etc .
a husband booking on behalf of himself his wife and children , may [get] damages not only for his own disappointment etc .

Nellie had no idea where her friend Aggie could obtain a neutered tomcat but she had made enquiries .
nellie had no idea where her friend aggie could [get] a neutered tomcat but she had made enquiries .

He had originally intended to polish up the wood and sell it for five shillings , but when he was fortunate enough to obtain the gramophone he realised he should repair the machine and install it in the cabinet .
he had originally intended to polish up the wood and sell it for five shillings , but when he was fortunate enough to [get] the gramophone he realised he should repair the machine and install it in the cabinet .

When the problem has been resolved , the Problem Solver should obtain the agreement of the Test Manager or the Computer Group Manager , depending on who originally assigned the problem to him , to close the problem report . After obtaining this agreement the Problem Solver should :
when the problem has been resolved , the problem solver should [get] the agreement of the test manager or the computer group manager , depending on who originally assigned the problem to him , to close the problem report . after obtaining this agreement the problem solver should :

They may not be using these terms but , for the first time , a career counsellor can obtain reliable data from interviews or questionnaires which detect goal priorities and motivation profiles .
they may not be using these terms but , for the first time , a career counsellor can [get] reliable data from interviews or questionnaires which detect goal priorities and motivation profiles .

Before the mid-twenties it is difficult to obtain reliable information on a person 's priorities because the period of adolescence is all about sorting out parental peer group and personal goals .
before the mid-twenties it is difficult to [get] reliable information on a person 's priorities because the period of adolescence is all about sorting out parental peer group and personal goals .

Each hospital admission is followed up by writing to the consultant concerned to obtain a copy of the discharge summary .
each hospital admission is followed up by writing to the consultant concerned to [get] a copy of the discharge summary .

She believes that if patients and the purchasers who obtain medical care for them began to demand a better quality of front line service , then hospital managers would very quickly do something to improve the tasks undertaken by and supervision given to preregistration house officers .
she believes that if patients and the purchasers who [get] medical care for them began to demand a better quality of front line service , then hospital managers would very quickly do something to improve the tasks undertaken by and supervision given to preregistration house officers .

The person undertaking the change should update the checklist as each relevant task is completed and obtain their Manager 's signature .
the person undertaking the change should update the checklist as each relevant task is completed and [get] their manager 's signature .

These changes have made congress more democratic , but they have also added immeasurably to the difficulties that presidents face in trying to obtain congressional cooperation .
these changes have made congress more democratic , but they have also added immeasurably to the difficulties that presidents face in trying to [get] congressional cooperation .

Nevertheless , Reeves ' view is broadly confirmed by Barbara Kellerman 's revealing case study of Ford 's efforts to obtain a tax cut from congress .
nevertheless , reeves ' view is broadly confirmed by barbara kellerman 's revealing case study of ford 's efforts to [get] a tax cut from congress .

It was the chronic condition of parties in the state that allowed Reagan , despite his novice status , to obtain the Republican nomination for governor in 1966 .
it was the chronic condition of parties in the state that allowed reagan , despite his novice status , to [get] the republican nomination for governor in 1966 .

Assuming that a president can overcome these difficulties sufficiently to establish some discipline within the executive branch , he must also obtain the agreement of congress to his legislative proposals .
assuming that a president can overcome these difficulties sufficiently to establish some discipline within the executive branch , he must also [get] the agreement of congress to his legislative proposals .

Critics say , however , that the commission failed to obtain the views of those outside the academic and political establishment and that any progress has come about independently of its work .
critics say , however , that the commission failed to [get] the views of those outside the academic and political establishment and that any progress has come about independently of its work .

This includes providing additional services through primary care teams , negotiating for the provision of some outpatient services in practices , changing prescribing patterns to obtain better value for money , and using those hospitals that are prepared to deliver the standard of care specified by fundholders .
this includes providing additional services through primary care teams , negotiating for the provision of some outpatient services in practices , changing prescribing patterns to [get] better value for money , and using those hospitals that are prepared to deliver the standard of care specified by fundholders .

This involves combined action by hospital providers , who have fulfilled their contracts with a quarter of the year remaining , and general practitioners , who as a consequence are unable to obtain hospital treatment for their patients , to put pressure on health authorities to increase the resources available to acute services .
this involves combined action by hospital providers , who have fulfilled their contracts with a quarter of the year remaining , and general practitioners , who as a consequence are unable to [get] hospital treatment for their patients , to put pressure on health authorities to increase the resources available to acute services .

Cigarettes are still relatively easy to obtain by young people , and current arrangements for enforcing legislation to restrict sales are largely ineffective .
cigarettes are still relatively easy to [get] by young people , and current arrangements for enforcing legislation to restrict sales are largely ineffective .

When Geoffrey de Preuilly caught up with Fulk le Réchin 's men to obtain a hearing for his plea , he found the count sitting on a table , his steward standing before him , his huntsman below , mounted and carrying the count 's falcon .
when geoffrey de preuilly caught up with fulk le réchin 's men to [get] a hearing for his plea , he found the count sitting on a table , his steward standing before him , his huntsman below , mounted and carrying the count 's falcon .

Bishops might seize the opportunity to urge support for peace councils , abbots to press for protection , lay lords to obtain charters while plentiful clerical help was available to draw them up and suitably important men present to act as witnesses .
bishops might seize the opportunity to urge support for peace councils , abbots to press for protection , lay lords to [get] charters while plentiful clerical help was available to draw them up and suitably important men present to act as witnesses .

Suger devoted many years to rebuilding the great abbey church ( in i style which was later to be hailed as the prototype of Gothic architecture ) to make it a fit royal mausoleum , as well as a place of worship in which mere men could obtain a brief insight into the grandeur that surrounded the king of kings in heaven .
suger devoted many years to rebuilding the great abbey church ( in i style which was later to be hailed as the prototype of gothic architecture ) to make it a fit royal mausoleum , as well as a place of worship in which mere men could [get] a brief insight into the grandeur that surrounded the king of kings in heaven .

The usual tactic was to march troops across the enemy 's territory , plundering and looting ; to take fortified places if the task was easy ; to obtain allies among the lords of the locality ; and to retreat without fighting a battle if at all possible — in effect an application to a wider canvas of the some technique of warfare which had earlier made castellans formidable in the immediate environs of their castles .
the usual tactic was to march troops across the enemy 's territory , plundering and looting ; to take fortified places if the task was easy ; to [get] allies among the lords of the locality ; and to retreat without fighting a battle if at all possible — in effect an application to a wider canvas of the some technique of warfare which had earlier made castellans formidable in the immediate environs of their castles .

Very recent figures on the precise extent of subcontracting are difficult to obtain but the Fifth Basic Survey of Industry ( 1979 ) showed that over 60 per cent of small and medium-sized firms ( i.e .
very recent figures on the precise extent of subcontracting are difficult to [get] but the fifth basic survey of industry ( 1979 ) showed that over 60 per cent of small and medium-sized firms ( i.e .

These difficulties contrast with the relative ease with which larger firms can obtain investment funds and in Japan the differential access to sources of finance is very significant .
these difficulties contrast with the relative ease with which larger firms can [get] investment funds and in japan the differential access to sources of finance is very significant .

However it is possible in some cases to obtain a broad indication for 1985 of the contrast between firms with over 1000 and those with less than 100 employees although the data is for manufacturing industry rather than all employees .
however it is possible in some cases to [get] a broad indication for 1985 of the contrast between firms with over 1000 and those with less than 100 employees although the data is for manufacturing industry rather than all employees .

No other lexicographer may now obtain the text of the entry for update , or change its status , until the borrower has returned the entry , at which point the on- loan flag is reset .
no other lexicographer may now [get] the text of the entry for update , or change its status , until the borrower has returned the entry , at which point the on- loan flag is reset .

Any lexicographer may obtain entry text for read only or for proofing regardless of ownership or the status of the on-loan flag .
any lexicographer may [get] entry text for read only or for proofing regardless of ownership or the status of the on-loan flag .

This level of performance is expected to obtain throughout the working day .
this level of performance is expected to [get] throughout the working day .

It can be used to obtain responses from pupils beyond what they would otherwise achieve .
it can be used to [get] responses from pupils beyond what they would otherwise achieve .

In order to start drawing useful inferences leading to sensible modifications of the material , we should also keep in mind these points : ( a ) the observer must thoroughly understand the curriculum designer 's aims and objectives and report in relation to these ( b ) it is necessary for the observer to understand how the teacher has interpreted these intentions ( c ) the curriculum designer must thoroughly understand the facts that the observer has brought back to him ; the dialogue that this implies can produce valuable suggestions for improving the unit ( d ) teachers of differing style must be observed and teachers at differing levels of acclimatization to the program must be observed to obtain full data ( e ) it is also important for the observer to understand which stage of development the unit has reached .
in order to start drawing useful inferences leading to sensible modifications of the material , we should also keep in mind these points : ( a ) the observer must thoroughly understand the curriculum designer 's aims and objectives and report in relation to these ( b ) it is necessary for the observer to understand how the teacher has interpreted these intentions ( c ) the curriculum designer must thoroughly understand the facts that the observer has brought back to him ; the dialogue that this implies can produce valuable suggestions for improving the unit ( d ) teachers of differing style must be observed and teachers at differing levels of acclimatization to the program must be observed to [get] full data ( e ) it is also important for the observer to understand which stage of development the unit has reached .

To obtain some really small animals , set up a hay infusion , as described below .
to [get] some really small animals , set up a hay infusion , as described below .

Obtain a manual describing the instruction set of a medium or large computer .
[get] a manual describing the instruction set of a medium or large computer .

So far we have discussed instructions for manipulating numeric values to obtain a new value .
so far we have discussed instructions for manipulating numeric values to [get] a new value .

For example , for a 6-bit exponent , we use an `` excess-32 `` representation ; the exponent is in the range -32 to +31 , and to obtain the characteristic we add 32 to give a number in the range 0 to 63 .
for example , for a 6-bit exponent , we use an `` excess-32 `` representation ; the exponent is in the range -32 to +31 , and to [get] the characteristic we add 32 to give a number in the range 0 to 63 .

This would be a natural aim for any researcher to achieve , and in order to obtain a full range of reading ability Marshall and Clock recruited one population from a community college , and another from undergraduates at Cornell University .
this would be a natural aim for any researcher to achieve , and in order to [get] a full range of reading ability marshall and clock recruited one population from a community college , and another from undergraduates at cornell university .

( ii ) Given a we obtain successively
( ii ) given a we [get] successively

Can you amend the proof of 1.3.10 to obtain a proof of this conjecture — or can you supply a single counterexample which will kill off the conjecture ?
can you amend the proof of 1.3.10 to [get] a proof of this conjecture — or can you supply a single counterexample which will kill off the conjecture ?

As an immediate corollary we obtain a result you might have stumbled on in your researches into Problem 3 .
as an immediate corollary we [get] a result you might have stumbled on in your researches into problem 3 .

Remark If in 1.11.3 we adopt the notation finally settled on in Section 1.8 , that is we drop the bars , we obtain the remainder theorem in its usual guise .
remark if in 1.11.3 we adopt the notation finally settled on in section 1.8 , that is we drop the bars , we [get] the remainder theorem in its usual guise .

The reader might care to recast all congruences in terms of divisibility and see if the results we obtain are then so obvious and their proofs so transparent .
the reader might care to recast all congruences in terms of divisibility and see if the results we [get] are then so obvious and their proofs so transparent .

But the more people who obtain post-school education , the less likely it is to provide them with entry to a career .
but the more people who [get] post-school education , the less likely it is to provide them with entry to a career .

In many cases , in order to obtain a loan , the women would have to go to bed with one of the supervisors or the boss .
in many cases , in order to [get] a loan , the women would have to go to bed with one of the supervisors or the boss .

Each brothel has to obtain a special licence from the police and the names of the women must also be registered .
each brothel has to [get] a special licence from the police and the names of the women must also be registered .

The pill is the most popular method of contraception because it is easiest to obtain and sold without restrictions in chemists .
the pill is the most popular method of contraception because it is easiest to [get] and sold without restrictions in chemists .

The first time we went on strike in 1976 to obtain a collective contract , the North American manager said to the strike committee : " You do n't need a trade union here — this is a factory full of women ! "
the first time we went on strike in 1976 to [get] a collective contract , the north american manager said to the strike committee : " you do n't need a trade union here — this is a factory full of women ! "

The purpose of the testing was to obtain empirical data on the test items in respect of their difficulty and their discrimination , and to consider their placing in possible graduated test levels .
the purpose of the testing was to [get] empirical data on the test items in respect of their difficulty and their discrimination , and to consider their placing in possible graduated test levels .

In order to obtain data on the difficulty of the questions at different levels it was necessary for the sample of pupils taking them to be drawn from the complete range of target pupils in the schools .
in order to [get] data on the difficulty of the questions at different levels it was necessary for the sample of pupils taking them to be drawn from the complete range of target pupils in the schools .

The success rate for a question is the percentage of those pupils taking the test containing the question who obtain a correct answer .
the success rate for a question is the percentage of those pupils taking the test containing the question who [get] a correct answer .

Some records were made by both the research team and by teachers of the methods used by pupils to obtain answers to the first two questions above .
some records were made by both the research team and by teachers of the methods used by pupils to [get] answers to the first two questions above .

The design task set in this test has some non-mathematical features and it was used in an exercise with some groups of teachers to obtain their views on what should be marked .
the design task set in this test has some non-mathematical features and it was used in an exercise with some groups of teachers to [get] their views on what should be marked .

This question also revealed several examples of pupils rounding the number 17 to 20 to obtain an approximate answer , although generally the process of rounding is not appreciated by pupils .
this question also revealed several examples of pupils rounding the number 17 to 20 to [get] an approximate answer , although generally the process of rounding is not appreciated by pupils .

In each of the above questions the pupil must order decimals correctly to obtain the right answer ; the decimals are of differing lengths and care has been taken to ensure that both of the two common errors in decimals produce incorrect orderings .
in each of the above questions the pupil must order decimals correctly to [get] the right answer ; the decimals are of differing lengths and care has been taken to ensure that both of the two common errors in decimals produce incorrect orderings .

Neither is it sufficient to obtain a correct definition ( e.g. ``
neither is it sufficient to [get] a correct definition ( e.g. ``

Generalization is a term sometimes taken to include any anticipatory statement made by pupils to explain the results which they obtain from exploring a mathematical situation such as in the example given below .
generalization is a term sometimes taken to include any anticipatory statement made by pupils to explain the results which they [get] from exploring a mathematical situation such as in the example given below .

pupil 3 ) attempted to obtain the answer to the question from the pattern of numbers relating to unshaded squares but most pupils saw the relationship between shaded and unshaded in each diagram which enabled them to calculate the required number directly .
pupil 3 ) attempted to [get] the answer to the question from the pattern of numbers relating to unshaded squares but most pupils saw the relationship between shaded and unshaded in each diagram which enabled them to calculate the required number directly .

Thus if a test is given for diagnosing a difficulty it seems less relevant to decide on a boundary score than to obtain details of the nature of the difficulty .
thus if a test is given for diagnosing a difficulty it seems less relevant to decide on a boundary score than to [get] details of the nature of the difficulty .

We come to believe that whenever ten specified types of conditions obtain , including a flipping of the switch , there is the effect of the wipers ' starting to work .
we come to believe that whenever ten specified types of conditions [get] , including a flipping of the switch , there is the effect of the wipers ' starting to work .

We may suppose that we are mistaken on this occasion in taking it that all the ten types of conditions do obtain .
we may suppose that we are mistaken on this occasion in taking it that all the ten types of conditions do [get] .

What is needed is not exactly a particular type of condition specified before the present occasion , but a slightly different one , which did indeed obtain previously when the wipers started .
what is needed is not exactly a particular type of condition specified before the present occasion , but a slightly different one , which did indeed [get] previously when the wipers started .

Section 2 of the 1920 Act provides that communicating with a foreign agent is evidence of obtaining or attempting to obtain information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy contrary to section 1 of the Act .
section 2 of the 1920 act provides that communicating with a foreign agent is evidence of obtaining or attempting to [get] information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy contrary to section 1 of the act .

To obtain these it is possible to ask the court to order discovery .
to [get] these it is possible to ask the court to order discovery .

According to Erskine May the purpose is to obtain information , to press for action .
according to erskine may the purpose is to [get] information , to press for action .

Such questions are designed : ( a ) to obtain factual information ; ( b ) to take up matters on behalf of constituents .
such questions are designed : ( a ) to [get] factual information ; ( b ) to take up matters on behalf of constituents .

The presumption is that the suspect will be released with or without bail , but it can be rebutted if the custody officer has reasonable grounds for believing that detention without charge is necessary to secure or preserve evidence relating to the offence for which the suspect has been arrested , or to obtain such evidence by questioning him ( s.37 ( 2 ) ) .
the presumption is that the suspect will be released with or without bail , but it can be rebutted if the custody officer has reasonable grounds for believing that detention without charge is necessary to secure or preserve evidence relating to the offence for which the suspect has been arrested , or to [get] such evidence by questioning him ( s.37 ( 2 ) ) .

The notes of guidance to the Code stress that the purpose of any interview is not necessarily to obtain an admission but to obtain from the suspect his explanation of the facts .
the notes of guidance to the code stress that the purpose of any interview is not necessarily to [get] an admission but to [get] from the suspect his explanation of the facts .

These powers are not fully comprehensive , and in the past the police could not , for example , obtain a warrant to search for a murder weapon or evidence of kidnapping .
these powers are not fully comprehensive , and in the past the police could not , for example , [get] a warrant to search for a murder weapon or evidence of kidnapping .

No new rights to such material are given by the Act but it does standardise the procedure for applying for a warrant to obtain such material .
no new rights to such material are given by the act but it does standardise the procedure for applying for a warrant to [get] such material .

In order to obtain a conviction , it must be shown that the accused intends to use violence or is aware that his conduct may be violent .
in order to [get] a conviction , it must be shown that the accused intends to use violence or is aware that his conduct may be violent .

If an individual has suffered grievance at the hands of the administration , he may be able to obtain redress through the courts .
if an individual has suffered grievance at the hands of the administration , he may be able to [get] redress through the courts .

To obtain good synchronization of fertilization and hence of subsequent development , the hormone injection schedule should ensure that mating occurs prior to ovulation ( i.e .
to [get] good synchronization of fertilization and hence of subsequent development , the hormone injection schedule should ensure that mating occurs prior to ovulation ( i.e .

It is possible to obtain further post-implantation development by careful manipulation of the substrata and media used ( 33 , see also Chapter 3 , Section 6 ) .
it is possible to [get] further post-implantation development by careful manipulation of the substrata and media used ( 33 , see also chapter 3 , section 6 ) .

Lectins and antibodies have been used to obtain quantitative data on the detailed surface topography and molecular organization of embryo membranes ( reviewed 40 ) but are more commonly applied as general membrane markers which reveal asymmetries in the distribution of surface microvilli on individual blastomeres ( 12 ) .
lectins and antibodies have been used to [get] quantitative data on the detailed surface topography and molecular organization of embryo membranes ( reviewed 40 ) but are more commonly applied as general membrane markers which reveal asymmetries in the distribution of surface microvilli on individual blastomeres ( 12 ) .

Nevertheless , they should be possible to obtain from elderly patients undergoing orchidectomy in the course of treatment for prostatic cancer , or from young men undergoing infertility investigations .
nevertheless , they should be possible to [get] from elderly patients undergoing orchidectomy in the course of treatment for prostatic cancer , or from young men undergoing infertility investigations .

Later , the processes slow down with the shift to increased differentiation with a rapid fall in mitotic index in both embryo and fetal membranes after day 14 , thus it becomes difficult to obtain chromosome preparations from the later stages , particularly shortly preceding birth .
later , the processes slow down with the shift to increased differentiation with a rapid fall in mitotic index in both embryo and fetal membranes after day 14 , thus it becomes difficult to [get] chromosome preparations from the later stages , particularly shortly preceding birth .

Post-banding after hybridization can be achieved using Wright 's stain ( Gurr or Merck ) ( 22 ) but often , band definition is not detailed and , from hearsay , a number of researchers have experienced problems with the method and failed to obtain bands .
post-banding after hybridization can be achieved using wright 's stain ( gurr or merck ) ( 22 ) but often , band definition is not detailed and , from hearsay , a number of researchers have experienced problems with the method and failed to [get] bands .

To obtain answers , the planner uses research of all kinds , including group discussions and wider surveys .
to [get] answers , the planner uses research of all kinds , including group discussions and wider surveys .

The job of such a department is to obtain an endless number of facts , figures , services , reports , contacts and details .
the job of such a department is to [get] an endless number of facts , figures , services , reports , contacts and details .

But it is also true that journalists and editors know full well that public relations is an important source of information for their work and often can be the instrument through which they may obtain their story .
but it is also true that journalists and editors know full well that public relations is an important source of information for their work and often can be the instrument through which they may [get] their story .

Also enclosed was a shoe fitting record card and a paid reply card which the mother could return in order to obtain a wall poster for her baby 's room .
also enclosed was a shoe fitting record card and a paid reply card which the mother could return in order to [get] a wall poster for her baby 's room .

One could only enter this sacred temple to snobbishness if one had a voucher of admission and they were harder to obtain than the stars out of the sky .
one could only enter this sacred temple to snobbishness if one had a voucher of admission and they were harder to [get] than the stars out of the sky .

For example , it may be the practice on your ward to obtain less information from patients who are admitted as day cases than those who are to stay in hospital for some time and often it is not practical to conduct any sort of interview with someone who is admitted as an emergency .
for example , it may be the practice on your ward to [get] less information from patients who are admitted as day cases than those who are to stay in hospital for some time and often it is not practical to conduct any sort of interview with someone who is admitted as an emergency .

When asked she said that she would like her mother to stay with her and would prefer the nurse to obtain any necessary information from her mother .
when asked she said that she would like her mother to stay with her and would prefer the nurse to [get] any necessary information from her mother .

the ability to obtain and absorb oxygen
the ability to [get] and absorb oxygen

For example , dietary preferences , cultural and religious beliefs , ignorance of the availability or value of food items , or inability to obtain and prepare food .
for example , dietary preferences , cultural and religious beliefs , ignorance of the availability or value of food items , or inability to [get] and prepare food .

5 How to obtain and store equipment .
5 how to [get] and store equipment .

His wife took this to their General Practitioner to obtain a prescription to ensure a continued supply ( he does not have to pay for this ) .
his wife took this to their general practitioner to [get] a prescription to ensure a continued supply ( he does not have to pay for this ) .

6 Explain that the doctor will perform a medical assessment and obtain formal con-sent for Operation later .
6 explain that the doctor will perform a medical assessment and [get] formal con-sent for operation later .

2 Obtain information from the theatre staff including details of operation performed , orders for post-operative fluid regime , management of nasogastric aspiration , wound drains .
2 [get] information from the theatre staff including details of operation performed , orders for post-operative fluid regime , management of nasogastric aspiration , wound drains .

Exactly the same health and safety considerations obtain for students as for regular employees .
exactly the same health and safety considerations [get] for students as for regular employees .

Keeping in touch with all local voluntary groups , clubs and local organisations in order to obtain opportunities to speak about the work of the health service and the employment opportunities .
keeping in touch with all local voluntary groups , clubs and local organisations in order to [get] opportunities to speak about the work of the health service and the employment opportunities .

Enable occupational health staff to obtain and update their counselling skills .
enable occupational health staff to [get] and update their counselling skills .

They are usually `` top down `` decisions taken by nurses at district or unit level which , in terms of the workforce , may be about deciding how many nurses it is possible to `` squeeze out of a budget or how to negotiate around a budget to obtain a particular number of nurses .
they are usually `` top down `` decisions taken by nurses at district or unit level which , in terms of the workforce , may be about deciding how many nurses it is possible to `` squeeze out of a budget or how to negotiate around a budget to [get] a particular number of nurses .

The former county boroughs had preferred the unitary approach which would have made them the core of enlarged areas , but when a two-tier system was adopted it was obviously preferable from their point of view to obtain metropolitan district status and thus retain as many services as possible .
the former county boroughs had preferred the unitary approach which would have made them the core of enlarged areas , but when a two-tier system was adopted it was obviously preferable from their point of view to [get] metropolitan district status and thus retain as many services as possible .

These authorities accepted powers that strengthened local or regional elected authorities might have been expected to obtain .
these authorities accepted powers that strengthened local or regional elected authorities might have been expected to [get] .

The difficulty with a single-tier system is to arrive at areas large enough to obtain the benefits of unifying the provision of services requiring an extensive area for their efficient operation , yet small enough to form a have for local democratic involvement .
the difficulty with a single-tier system is to arrive at areas large enough to [get] the benefits of unifying the provision of services requiring an extensive area for their efficient operation , yet small enough to form a have for local democratic involvement .

Local authorities are no different in this respect from other large concerns , whether public or private , who must decide whether to provide all the components of their activities within their own organisations or to obtain some from outside suppliers .
local authorities are no different in this respect from other large concerns , whether public or private , who must decide whether to provide all the components of their activities within their own organisations or to [get] some from outside suppliers .

To this figure capital expenditure is added to obtain an overall total .
to this figure capital expenditure is added to [get] an overall total .

Local authorities obtain income from various rents , fees and charges for the services provided .
local authorities [get] income from various rents , fees and charges for the services provided .

An education voucher , for example , could be used to obtain a place at a state school , or as part payment of private school fees .
an education voucher , for example , could be used to [get] a place at a state school , or as part payment of private school fees .

The unequal distribution of resources in stratified societies enables the better-off to obtain privileged access to educational facilities to have their talent developed , while at the same time disadvantaging those at the bottom .
the unequal distribution of resources in stratified societies enables the better-off to [get] privileged access to educational facilities to have their talent developed , while at the same time disadvantaging those at the bottom .

Clearly , given inequality of skills — primarily caused by an unequal opportunity between classes to obtain such skills — inequality of reward is inevitable .
clearly , given inequality of skills — primarily caused by an unequal opportunity between classes to [get] such skills — inequality of reward is inevitable .

The change in the balance of occupations is real enough , as is the pressure on individuals to obtain educational credentials as a means of access to these jobs .
the change in the balance of occupations is real enough , as is the pressure on individuals to [get] educational credentials as a means of access to these jobs .

Given the essential technical background and the sound approach advocated in Simple Electronic Navigation both the tyro and the more experienced should be able to select their electronics with ease and obtain better and more reliable use from them .
given the essential technical background and the sound approach advocated in simple electronic navigation both the tyro and the more experienced should be able to select their electronics with ease and [get] better and more reliable use from them .

It was recognised that Russia should obtain the Kuril islands and Sakhalin from Japan and that she should regain the naval base at Fort Arthur forfeited at the end of the Russo-Japanese War in 1905 .
it was recognised that russia should [get] the kuril islands and sakhalin from japan and that she should regain the naval base at fort arthur forfeited at the end of the russo-japanese war in 1905 .

4 Apply the sealant ( or other product ) by slowly squeezing the trigger to obtain an even flow — practise this first
4 apply the sealant ( or other product ) by slowly squeezing the trigger to [get] an even flow — practise this first

’ But what seemed to fall rather short of perfect innocence was a case of ‘ attempting to obtain money by threats of violence ’ where two youths had sent a menacing note to the old lady next door — ‘ Unless you provide £500 in old notes … you will be shot by revolver ’ — thereby reducing her to hysterics .
’ but what seemed to fall rather short of perfect innocence was a case of ‘ attempting to [get] money by threats of violence ’ where two youths had sent a menacing note to the old lady next door — ‘ unless you provide £500 in old notes … you will be shot by revolver ’ — thereby reducing her to hysterics .

As Sir John Fortescue was to write in the second half of the fifteenth century , ‘ a King 's war is a legal trial by battle [ when ] he seeks the right he can not obtain by peaceful means ’ .
as sir john fortescue was to write in the second half of the fifteenth century , ‘ a king 's war is a legal trial by battle [ when ] he seeks the right he can not [get] by peaceful means ’ .

If the reason for resorting to war had traditionally been to achieve territorial conquests , to obtain markets and raw materials , or to overthrow leaders of whom one did not approve , then the events of the First World War offered a corrective .
if the reason for resorting to war had traditionally been to achieve territorial conquests , to [get] markets and raw materials , or to overthrow leaders of whom one did not approve , then the events of the first world war offered a corrective .

Enumerating known drug users involves contacting the management representatives of statutory and voluntary agencies whose clienteles include drug users , in order to obtain permission to collect information about these clients .
enumerating known drug users involves contacting the management representatives of statutory and voluntary agencies whose clienteles include drug users , in order to [get] permission to collect information about these clients .

The criminal activity of these older users was in the main restricted to offences relating to the possession and supply of the drugs themselves and the burglary of chemists ' premises to obtain drugs .
the criminal activity of these older users was in the main restricted to offences relating to the possession and supply of the drugs themselves and the burglary of chemists ' premises to [get] drugs .

Once daily use had set in , the user 's principal concern was to obtain sufficient heroin to keep withdrawal symptoms at bay .
once daily use had set in , the user 's principal concern was to [get] sufficient heroin to keep withdrawal symptoms at bay .

After several attempts at getting maintenance in Wirral , one user continued to obtain supplies of street heroin , financed by working and occasional dealing .
after several attempts at getting maintenance in wirral , one user continued to [get] supplies of street heroin , financed by working and occasional dealing .

And , finally , according to their own motivational accounts it is more often the lifestyle and the hassle of being dependent on a drug which is illegal , expensive and difficult to obtain which users regard as ‘ the problem ’ rather than heroin itself .
and , finally , according to their own motivational accounts it is more often the lifestyle and the hassle of being dependent on a drug which is illegal , expensive and difficult to [get] which users regard as ‘ the problem ’ rather than heroin itself .

It will be demonstrated that , because of the great variation across Wirral , several such factors are needed to obtain an accurate estimate .
it will be demonstrated that , because of the great variation across wirral , several such factors are needed to [get] an accurate estimate .

In addition , because informants rarely knew the actual date of birth of their friends , it was not possible to obtain an accurate identity code .
in addition , because informants rarely knew the actual date of birth of their friends , it was not possible to [get] an accurate identity code .

The two legal reasons were that full adherence would require greater changes in English law than could be recommended , and that the Convention was concerned with service via official channels , whereas ‘ the great need is to obtain facilities for the use of less official channels ’ .
the two legal reasons were that full adherence would require greater changes in english law than could be recommended , and that the convention was concerned with service via official channels , whereas ‘ the great need is to [get] facilities for the use of less official channels ’ .

During the meeting of the Special Commission which prepared the preliminary draft of the Convention there was considerable , but inconclusive , discussion of the position which should obtain when service was required on someone strongly suspected of being in a particular country but whose address within the country was unknown .
during the meeting of the special commission which prepared the preliminary draft of the convention there was considerable , but inconclusive , discussion of the position which should [get] when service was required on someone strongly suspected of being in a particular country but whose address within the country was unknown .

no certificate of any kind has been received , even though every reasonable effort has been made to obtain it through the competent authorities of the State addressed .
no certificate of any kind has been received , even though every reasonable effort has been made to [get] it through the competent authorities of the state addressed .

The court may give him help , certainly ; for instance by discovery of documents inter partes … ; by allowing evidence to be obtained or presented at the trial in various ways … ; and by the issue of subpoenas … Subject , however , to the help of the court in these various ways , the basic principle underlying the preparation and presentation of a party 's case in the High Court in England is that it is for that party to obtain and present the evidence which he needs by his own means , provided always that such means are lawful in the country in which they are used .
the court may give him help , certainly ; for instance by discovery of documents inter partes … ; by allowing evidence to be obtained or presented at the trial in various ways … ; and by the issue of subpoenas … subject , however , to the help of the court in these various ways , the basic principle underlying the preparation and presentation of a party 's case in the high court in england is that it is for that party to [get] and present the evidence which he needs by his own means , provided always that such means are lawful in the country in which they are used .

This type of order is made ex parte , the court sitting in camera , for the object of the exercise is to enable the plaintiff to enter premises and obtain access to documents or objects without the defendant having an opportunity to remove , hide or destroy them .
this type of order is made ex parte , the court sitting in camera , for the object of the exercise is to enable the plaintiff to enter premises and [get] access to documents or objects without the defendant having an opportunity to remove , hide or destroy them .

By comparison with some other jurisdictions , and especially those in the United States , the scope of discovery and related procedures available in England is quite limited . Is there any reason why a party to litigation in England , either as plaintiff or defendant , should not take advantage of any procedures which might be open to him to obtain discovery or other access to relevant material in some such foreign jurisdiction ?
by comparison with some other jurisdictions , and especially those in the united states , the scope of discovery and related procedures available in england is quite limited . is there any reason why a party to litigation in england , either as plaintiff or defendant , should not take advantage of any procedures which might be open to him to [get] discovery or other access to relevant material in some such foreign jurisdiction ?

One closely related question has also been the subject of much recent discussion . If a request is made to obtain evidence abroad for use in what are clearly civil proceedings , is it a sufficient ground for rejecting the request that there is a possibility that the evidence might subsequently be used in the requesting country in a criminal matter ?
one closely related question has also been the subject of much recent discussion . if a request is made to [get] evidence abroad for use in what are clearly civil proceedings , is it a sufficient ground for rejecting the request that there is a possibility that the evidence might subsequently be used in the requesting country in a criminal matter ?

No definition of this term is given , but some guide to the meaning of ‘ obtain evidence ’ is given in Article 3 ( e ) , ( f ) and ( g ) which refer to witnesses , questions to be asked , and documents or property to be inspected .
no definition of this term is given , but some guide to the meaning of ‘ [get] evidence ’ is given in article 3 ( e ) , ( f ) and ( g ) which refer to witnesses , questions to be asked , and documents or property to be inspected .

Article 1(2) , excluding attempts to obtain evidence which is not intended for use in judicial proceedings , commenced or contemplated , is considered below in the context of pre-trial discovery .
article 1(2) , excluding attempts to [get] evidence which is not intended for use in judicial proceedings , commenced or contemplated , is considered below in the context of pre-trial discovery .

In practice , many States seem willing to adopt a generous view of the scope of the Convention , responding to requests to obtain the results of blood-grouping tests ( at least where the subject is willing ) and to provide copies of public documents or of entries in registers of civil status .
in practice , many states seem willing to adopt a generous view of the scope of the convention , responding to requests to [get] the results of blood-grouping tests ( at least where the subject is willing ) and to provide copies of public documents or of entries in registers of civil status .

Parties may obtain discovery by one or more of the following methods : depositions upon oral examination or written questions ; written interrogatories ; production of documents or things or permission to enter upon land or other property , for inspection and other purposes ; physical and mental examinations ; and requests for admission .
parties may [get] discovery by one or more of the following methods : depositions upon oral examination or written questions ; written interrogatories ; production of documents or things or permission to enter upon land or other property , for inspection and other purposes ; physical and mental examinations ; and requests for admission .

Parties may obtain discovery regarding any matter , not privileged , which is relevant to the subject matter involved in the pending action , whether it relates to the claim or defense of the party seeking discovery or to the claim or defense of any other party , including the existence , description , nature , custody , condition and location of any books , documents , or other tangible things and the identity and location of persons having knowledge of any discoverable matter .
parties may [get] discovery regarding any matter , not privileged , which is relevant to the subject matter involved in the pending action , whether it relates to the claim or defense of the party seeking discovery or to the claim or defense of any other party , including the existence , description , nature , custody , condition and location of any books , documents , or other tangible things and the identity and location of persons having knowledge of any discoverable matter .

The Divisional Court in that case distinguished between the obtaining of evidence for use in a trial , ‘ direct ’ material , which constituted ‘ testimony ’ under that Act and which would be gathered in response to a Letter of Request , and the obtaining of ‘ indirect ’ material , which might lead to a line of enquiry pointing to actual evidence ; the English courts would not assist a foreign court to obtain such ‘ indirect ’ material .
the divisional court in that case distinguished between the obtaining of evidence for use in a trial , ‘ direct ’ material , which constituted ‘ testimony ’ under that act and which would be gathered in response to a letter of request , and the obtaining of ‘ indirect ’ material , which might lead to a line of enquiry pointing to actual evidence ; the english courts would not assist a foreign court to [get] such ‘ indirect ’ material .

Considerations of comity dictated a practice of judicial self-restraint , which meant in effect that a party seeking to obtain evidence abroad in a Hague Convention county must resort first to the procedures provided by the Convention .
considerations of comity dictated a practice of judicial self-restraint , which meant in effect that a party seeking to [get] evidence abroad in a hague convention county must resort first to the procedures provided by the convention .

In hotels visitors may obtain alcoholic drinks outside the regulation hours for their own consumption in the hotel in which they are resident .
in hotels visitors may [get] alcoholic drinks outside the regulation hours for their own consumption in the hotel in which they are resident .

Without the threat of legislation ( which Sir Normal Fowler reportedly used to obtain the ban on cinema advertising ) , the Government has no cards ; if they are willing to threaten it , they might as well use it .
without the threat of legislation ( which sir normal fowler reportedly used to [get] the ban on cinema advertising ) , the government has no cards ; if they are willing to threaten it , they might as well use it .

one could obtain not only as a result of purpose or effort , but also through passive receipt or acceptance .
one could [get] not only as a result of purpose or effort , but also through passive receipt or acceptance .

The tippee need not only knowingly obtain the information from an individual connected with a company ( as defined above ) who he knows or has reasonable cause to believe holds the information by being so connected , he must also know or have reasonable cause to expect that individual not to disclose that information save for the proper performance of that individuals duties .
the tippee need not only knowingly [get] the information from an individual connected with a company ( as defined above ) who he knows or has reasonable cause to believe holds the information by being so connected , he must also know or have reasonable cause to expect that individual not to disclose that information save for the proper performance of that individuals duties .

In other words the tippee must , first , obtain from an individual , information which he knows to be unpublished price sensitive information ; secondly , he must know that the individual is a ‘ connected individual ’ within the meaning of the legislation ; thirdly , he must know or have reasonable cause to believe that that individual holds the information by virtue of being so connected ; and finally , he must know or have reasonable cause to expect that that individual should not have disclosed the information save for the proper performance of that individual 's duties .
in other words the tippee must , first , [get] from an individual , information which he knows to be unpublished price sensitive information ; secondly , he must know that the individual is a ‘ connected individual ’ within the meaning of the legislation ; thirdly , he must know or have reasonable cause to believe that that individual holds the information by virtue of being so connected ; and finally , he must know or have reasonable cause to expect that that individual should not have disclosed the information save for the proper performance of that individual 's duties .

was of a description which it would be reasonable to expect him to obtain in the ordinary course of that business , and that he does that thing in good faith in the course of that business . ’
was of a description which it would be reasonable to expect him to [get] in the ordinary course of that business , and that he does that thing in good faith in the course of that business . ’

Complimentary ‘ Carta Venezia ’ for all guests staying 7 nights or more which can be used to obtain up to a 60% reduction on public waterboats ( 2 passport photos required ) .
complimentary ‘ carta venezia ’ for all guests staying 7 nights or more which can be used to [get] up to a 60% reduction on public waterboats ( 2 passport photos required ) .

They can obtain fresh produce such as eggs and milk from the estate , even request a selection of fresh vegetables from the surrounding fields .
they can [get] fresh produce such as eggs and milk from the estate , even request a selection of fresh vegetables from the surrounding fields .

To test the assumption that patients will become unduly anxious if they are given detailed information about the risks of surgery in an attempt to obtain fully informed consent .
to test the assumption that patients will become unduly anxious if they are given detailed information about the risks of surgery in an attempt to [get] fully informed consent .

What is certain is that as the relationship between doctors and their patients becomes less paternalistic , so must the manner in which we seek to obtain their consent for treatment .
what is certain is that as the relationship between doctors and their patients becomes less paternalistic , so must the manner in which we seek to [get] their consent for treatment .

Editors could return the comments to the referee for rewriting , obtain a report from a fresh referee , or suppress the report and tell the authors why .
editors could return the comments to the referee for rewriting , [get] a report from a fresh referee , or suppress the report and tell the authors why .

It is rare for an overseas couple to find jobs in the same area — most travel to obtain a job wherever offered .
it is rare for an overseas couple to find jobs in the same area — most travel to [get] a job wherever offered .

No marriage can survive over long distances in the long term , especially if all the effort culminates in the eventual failure to obtain that elusive consultancy .
no marriage can survive over long distances in the long term , especially if all the effort culminates in the eventual failure to [get] that elusive consultancy .

Home improvers will now be able to obtain Crosby 's high performance Alpha timber windows ex-stock from builders ' merchants .
home improvers will now be able to [get] crosby 's high performance alpha timber windows ex-stock from builders ' merchants .

The product is white but you could mix in a slight trace of pigment or water colour to obtain a better match with the pan itself .
the product is white but you could mix in a slight trace of pigment or water colour to [get] a better match with the pan itself .

Individuals from any one country were now able to obtain any other currency for trade purposes simply by purchasing it via the foreign exchange markets .
individuals from any one country were now able to [get] any other currency for trade purposes simply by purchasing it via the foreign exchange markets .

This enables a community of humans to cooperate in working together to protect themselves against the worst effects of nature , and to obtain greater security than would otherwise be possible .
this enables a community of humans to cooperate in working together to protect themselves against the worst effects of nature , and to [get] greater security than would otherwise be possible .

In this way we obtain a series , a small but an interesting one : the Nirvana -principle expresses the tendency of the death instincts ; the pleasure -principle represents the claims of the libido and that modification of it , the reality-principle , the influence of the outer world .
in this way we [get] a series , a small but an interesting one : the nirvana -principle expresses the tendency of the death instincts ; the pleasure -principle represents the claims of the libido and that modification of it , the reality-principle , the influence of the outer world .

Two dates have been arranged so far for climbers who wish to obtain a pass to Range West .
two dates have been arranged so far for climbers who wish to [get] a pass to range west .

For the first 30 days in Nepal bank exchange receipts for $20 a day are no longer required to obtain a trekking permit .
for the first 30 days in nepal bank exchange receipts for $20 a day are no longer required to [get] a trekking permit .

The manner in which Gaveston and Despenser monopolized access to the king was deeply resented : when the king 's personal decision counted for so much , access to the king was the way to obtain grants and favours for a magnate and for his dependants .
the manner in which gaveston and despenser monopolized access to the king was deeply resented : when the king 's personal decision counted for so much , access to the king was the way to [get] grants and favours for a magnate and for his dependants .

The Prime Minister said Britain had helped Denmark obtain opt-outs from key parts of the treaty , including a single currency and common citizenship and defence .
the prime minister said britain had helped denmark [get] opt-outs from key parts of the treaty , including a single currency and common citizenship and defence .

Doctor and pathologist Professor Pietro Croce says in one of his articles : ‘ One only needs to find the appropriate animal species to obtain the desired result .
doctor and pathologist professor pietro croce says in one of his articles : ‘ one only needs to find the appropriate animal species to [get] the desired result .

Determination of total organic content by ashing may be useful to identify problem areas but the best way to obtain a representative sample is by overburden drilling to bedrock .
determination of total organic content by ashing may be useful to identify problem areas but the best way to [get] a representative sample is by overburden drilling to bedrock .

The Mines ( Working Facilities and Support ) Act 1966 , as amended , provides a means by which an operator who is either unable to trace the mineral rights owner , or can not reach an agreement on reasonable terms with him , can obtain the necessary authority to explore for and work minerals .
the mines ( working facilities and support ) act 1966 , as amended , provides a means by which an operator who is either unable to trace the mineral rights owner , or can not reach an agreement on reasonable terms with him , can [get] the necessary authority to explore for and work minerals .

Quill pens , properly cut and ready to use , are difficult to obtain but worth the trouble if you want to make good ink drawings .
quill pens , properly cut and ready to use , are difficult to [get] but worth the trouble if you want to make good ink drawings .

There is some provision made within the law for copying a work of part of it without the need to obtain permission .
there is some provision made within the law for copying a work of part of it without the need to [get] permission .

What kind of results would such people obtain from children who would hold back from such unfamiliar faces ?
what kind of results would such people [get] from children who would hold back from such unfamiliar faces ?

When the guarantee is released , or the deposit becomes recoverable , you must give us all assistance to obtain the cancellation of the guarantee or the return of the deposit .
when the guarantee is released , or the deposit becomes recoverable , you must give us all assistance to [get] the cancellation of the guarantee or the return of the deposit .

To obtain a pass , the candidate must transcribe the chosen passage with a minimum of 96% accuracy .
to [get] a pass , the candidate must transcribe the chosen passage with a minimum of 96% accuracy .

To obtain a pass , the candidate must transcribe the chosen passage with a minimum of 96% accuracy .
to [get] a pass , the candidate must transcribe the chosen passage with a minimum of 96% accuracy .

To obtain a pass , the candidate must transcribe the chosen passages with a minimum of 96% accuracy .
to [get] a pass , the candidate must transcribe the chosen passages with a minimum of 96% accuracy .

Chris Bird , exploration team leader of the Atlantic Frontier Programme said : ‘ The success of the survey has accelerated the whole ‘ 204 ’ exploration and appraisal programme and at the same time enabled us to obtain additional data on the area . ’
chris bird , exploration team leader of the atlantic frontier programme said : ‘ the success of the survey has accelerated the whole ‘ 204 ’ exploration and appraisal programme and at the same time enabled us to [get] additional data on the area . ’

It has not proved straightforward to obtain the services of appropriate staff , and although work has now commenced in each of the areas mentioned , it is difficult to predict when development will be complete and thus give a firm date as to when information will be available to allow colleges to plan for the introduction of new courses in session 1989–90 .
it has not proved straightforward to [get] the services of appropriate staff , and although work has now commenced in each of the areas mentioned , it is difficult to predict when development will be complete and thus give a firm date as to when information will be available to allow colleges to plan for the introduction of new courses in session 1989–90 .

Students accumulate credits in individual subjects which they study , either out of interest or because they wish to obtain the award of a Group Certificate or Diploma .
students accumulate credits in individual subjects which they study , either out of interest or because they wish to [get] the award of a group certificate or diploma .

In the event of damage caused during a riot , it is essential that such claims are dealt with immediately as it is possible to obtain a recovery against the local Police authority .
in the event of damage caused during a riot , it is essential that such claims are dealt with immediately as it is possible to [get] a recovery against the local police authority .

The Adjusters would obtain valuations from independent valuers/surveyors .
the adjusters would [get] valuations from independent valuers/surveyors .

The sum insured must be adequate under each category for the insured to obtain the full benefit .
the sum insured must be adequate under each category for the insured to [get] the full benefit .

Branches should avoid merely asking the insured to obtain estimate(s) or quotation(s) unless the type of claim or the remoteness of the location means that we can not make use of our own local or national arrangements with traders .
branches should avoid merely asking the insured to [get] estimate(s) or quotation(s) unless the type of claim or the remoteness of the location means that we can not make use of our own local or national arrangements with traders .

Normally , a discount of at least 10 % would be expected from traders but it should be possible to obtain discounts of up to 30 % from jewellers .
normally , a discount of at least 10 % would be expected from traders but it should be possible to [get] discounts of up to 30 % from jewellers .

In such cases , a phone call should be made to the firm and if any doubt still remains , it may be appropriate to obtain a second opinion by a known reliable firm .
in such cases , a phone call should be made to the firm and if any doubt still remains , it may be appropriate to [get] a second opinion by a known reliable firm .

Where a quotation is submitted for replacement of an item , the cost should be compared against Comp-U-Claim or alternative suppliers to establish whether we can obtain the item more cheaply elsewhere .
where a quotation is submitted for replacement of an item , the cost should be compared against comp-u-claim or alternative suppliers to establish whether we can [get] the item more cheaply elsewhere .

It may also be appropriate to discuss with the firm supplying the original quotation to see whether we can obtain a discount .
it may also be appropriate to discuss with the firm supplying the original quotation to see whether we can [get] a discount .

Where we are reimbursing another insurance company in respect of their outlay it is not necessary to obtain sight of the original invoice .
where we are reimbursing another insurance company in respect of their outlay it is not necessary to [get] sight of the original invoice .

This facility should also be allowed where it has proved impossible to obtain original invoices .
this facility should also be allowed where it has proved impossible to [get] original invoices .

To obtain and retain a certificate , an actuary will now have to meet specialist requirements including relevant experience and to maintain a programme of regular professional education .
to [get] and retain a certificate , an actuary will now have to meet specialist requirements including relevant experience and to maintain a programme of regular professional education .

abuse of process in order to obtain taxed costs .
abuse of process in order to [get] taxed costs .

defence insurers argued against the order 14 summons on two counts ; first the plaintiff could not obtain summary judgement because there were two defendants and one might escape liability ; secondly the first defendant sought leave to amend his defence to argue contributory negligence because the plaintiff had not worn a seat belt .
defence insurers argued against the order 14 summons on two counts ; first the plaintiff could not [get] summary judgement because there were two defendants and one might escape liability ; secondly the first defendant sought leave to amend his defence to argue contributory negligence because the plaintiff had not worn a seat belt .

The airlines usual liability , although limited , will apply and we will be able to obtain a recovery .
the airlines usual liability , although limited , will apply and we will be able to [get] a recovery .

It is advisable for the Claimant to obtain the report before leaving the airport , as airlines can dispute when the damage occurred i.e .
it is advisable for the claimant to [get] the report before leaving the airport , as airlines can dispute when the damage occurred i.e .

It is however appreciated that it can be difficult to obtain a Police report in some foreign countries .
it is however appreciated that it can be difficult to [get] a police report in some foreign countries .

It is possible to obtain false ‘ death ’ certificates and other documents issued on genuine Government forms especially in some Third World Countries .
it is possible to [get] false ‘ death ’ certificates and other documents issued on genuine government forms especially in some third world countries .

was intending to travel against the advice of a medical practitioner or intending to obtain medical treatment during the period of insurance
was intending to travel against the advice of a medical practitioner or intending to [get] medical treatment during the period of insurance

Once eye-witness statements have been obtained then proceed to obtain statements relative to systems of inspection , complaints procedures , etc .
once eye-witness statements have been obtained then proceed to [get] statements relative to systems of inspection , complaints procedures , etc .

Also obtain details of any wage rises awarded during the third party 's absence from work .
also [get] details of any wage rises awarded during the third party 's absence from work .

to obtain adequate salaries and satisfactory conditions of service for all Bank Officials , and equal pay for equal work for males and females , regard being had to length of service ;
to [get] adequate salaries and satisfactory conditions of service for all bank officials , and equal pay for equal work for males and females , regard being had to length of service ;

to fix a maximum number of hours as constituting a day 's work and obtain extra pay for all legitimate overtime ;
to fix a maximum number of hours as constituting a day 's work and [get] extra pay for all legitimate overtime ;

to obtain proper luncheon facilities ;
to [get] proper luncheon facilities ;

to obtain reasonable annual rank allowance for Cashiers ;
to [get] reasonable annual rank allowance for cashiers ;

to obtain redress for members in cases of intimidation or unfair treatment by their employers ;
to [get] redress for members in cases of intimidation or unfair treatment by their employers ;

to obtain the above for employees of other institutions whom the Executive Committee may admit to membership from time to time ;
to [get] the above for employees of other institutions whom the executive committee may admit to membership from time to time ;

This change should enable many members to obtain a discount who did not previously qualify whilst the discount for existing alarms is also being increased .
this change should enable many members to [get] a discount who did not previously qualify whilst the discount for existing alarms is also being increased .

To obtain copies of the above guides , write , enclosing payment , to .
to [get] copies of the above guides , write , enclosing payment , to .

Scientists are still anxious to obtain even more powerful machines than are now available , in order to tackle a large range of currently impossible tasks whose solutions could change society .
scientists are still anxious to [get] even more powerful machines than are now available , in order to tackle a large range of currently impossible tasks whose solutions could change society .

They want them to obtain a good position and be independent , preferably in the city .
they want them to [get] a good position and be independent , preferably in the city .

The Board 's discussions led to a conclusion that in order to improve profitability and obtain the benefits of economy of scale , it is desirable to merge the subsidiaries into the parent company , thereby creating a single company .
the board 's discussions led to a conclusion that in order to improve profitability and [get] the benefits of economy of scale , it is desirable to merge the subsidiaries into the parent company , thereby creating a single company .

In reality , a business — like everything else — is worth no more than the best offer you can obtain at the time of a sale .
in reality , a business — like everything else — is worth no more than the best offer you can [get] at the time of a sale .

Nevertheless , in the last few months , our assessors have visited and valued a significant number of hotels whose owners are seeking to obtain finance for extensions and acquisitions .
nevertheless , in the last few months , our assessors have visited and valued a significant number of hotels whose owners are seeking to [get] finance for extensions and acquisitions .

Each database contains information on the material available — titles , authors , publishers and so on , along with details of price and where to obtain the material .
each database contains information on the material available — titles , authors , publishers and so on , along with details of price and where to [get] the material .

Each year the Export Survey questionnaire is designed to obtain further information on a particular subject .
each year the export survey questionnaire is designed to [get] further information on a particular subject .

An exporter may obtain payment on an accepted bill of exchange before its due date by presenting the bill to his bank .
an exporter may [get] payment on an accepted bill of exchange before its due date by presenting the bill to his bank .

The latter will include the fact that the report complies with auditing standards and , where it departs from these , the reasons ; the steps taken in the audit process ; and that it was planned and performed ‘ so as to obtain reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free from material misstatement , whether caused by fraud or other irregularity or error ’ .
the latter will include the fact that the report complies with auditing standards and , where it departs from these , the reasons ; the steps taken in the audit process ; and that it was planned and performed ‘ so as to [get] reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free from material misstatement , whether caused by fraud or other irregularity or error ’ .

If you are absent without prior approval we will consider you to be taking unauthorised absence unless you provide a satisfactory explanation of why it was not possible to obtain approval in advance .
if you are absent without prior approval we will consider you to be taking unauthorised absence unless you provide a satisfactory explanation of why it was not possible to [get] approval in advance .

To obtain this you must have flown a minimum of 35 hours and there are medical exams and ground exams to be taken .
to [get] this you must have flown a minimum of 35 hours and there are medical exams and ground exams to be taken .

Mrs. Perrett will obtain supplies of juice and crisps .
mrs. perrett will [get] supplies of juice and crisps .

The Primary 6 and 7 Disco took place on Saturday 22nd September — the attendance was limited to 90 and this caused problems in that some children were unable to obtain tickets .
the primary 6 and 7 disco took place on saturday 22nd september — the attendance was limited to 90 and this caused problems in that some children were unable to [get] tickets .

Since only one card was available it was agreed that others could obtain goods with written permission from the holder .
since only one card was available it was agreed that others could [get] goods with written permission from the holder .

You will be required to embark upon a course of study , in order to obtain the qualification the Diploma in Trading Standards , within a maximum of 5 years , on the successful completion of which you are required to remain with the Lothian Regional Council for a period of not less than 2 years .
you will be required to embark upon a course of study , in order to [get] the qualification the diploma in trading standards , within a maximum of 5 years , on the successful completion of which you are required to remain with the lothian regional council for a period of not less than 2 years .

Also , some staff who obtain Council Tax jobs may require to be temporarily transferred to the Community Charge wind-down activities .
also , some staff who [get] council tax jobs may require to be temporarily transferred to the community charge wind-down activities .

Goneril and Regan know their father 's failings well and act as he wishes to obtain the desired results .
goneril and regan know their father 's failings well and act as he wishes to [get] the desired results .

The Institute bankers were being changed from Lloyds to the Royal Bank of Scotland in order to obtain better interest rate bands on cash deposited .
the institute bankers were being changed from lloyds to the royal bank of scotland in order to [get] better interest rate bands on cash deposited .

The meeting resolved on the proposition of , seconded by that the chain should be taken to a jeweller to obtain design patterns with prices and format .
the meeting resolved on the proposition of , seconded by that the chain should be taken to a jeweller to [get] design patterns with prices and format .

We have written to all divisional secretaries and offered to supply a suitable person to carry out the demonstration if the division found it difficult to obtain one themselves .
we have written to all divisional secretaries and offered to supply a suitable person to carry out the demonstration if the division found it difficult to [get] one themselves .

Before making a formal application , candidates are strongly advised to write to the department in which they hope to study in order to obtain advice about their proposed study .
before making a formal application , candidates are strongly advised to write to the department in which they hope to study in order to [get] advice about their proposed study .

Applicants for these studentships should generally hold or expect to obtain a First or Upper Second Class Honours Degree or its equivalent in Chemistry or a related subject .
applicants for these studentships should generally hold or expect to [get] a first or upper second class honours degree or its equivalent in chemistry or a related subject .

In practice the polytechnics were initially mainly second-choice institutions for students unable to obtain entrance to universities , but as their reputations grew and they launched courses different from or not available at universities , they attracted more able students .
in practice the polytechnics were initially mainly second-choice institutions for students unable to [get] entrance to universities , but as their reputations grew and they launched courses different from or not available at universities , they attracted more able students .

Essentially , what had to happen was that a group of adolescent males without females had to obtain some , without allowing their group to dissolve in internecine strife over who would become the owner of the newly acquired females .
essentially , what had to happen was that a group of adolescent males without females had to [get] some , without allowing their group to dissolve in internecine strife over who would become the owner of the newly acquired females .

As these dates fall within the University teaching term it is important that you obtain details of visiting arrangements ( times , locations etc ) before you come and that you register your intention to attend with us .
as these dates fall within the university teaching term it is important that you [get] details of visiting arrangements ( times , locations etc ) before you come and that you register your intention to attend with us .

They give details of what to expect of various opportunities open to you , and how to obtain further information on professional qualifications , future prospects , etc .
they give details of what to expect of various opportunities open to you , and how to [get] further information on professional qualifications , future prospects , etc .

( 2 ) Continuing undergraduate students should obtain details of fee charges for 1993/94 from their Faculty Office .
( 2 ) continuing undergraduate students should [get] details of fee charges for 1993/94 from their faculty office .

Details about the relaxed entrance requirements for candidates aged 21 or over are given in the admissions section of the prospectus but all such candidates should contact the faculty at an early date to obtain information about the subjects and grades they require to achieve for entry .
details about the relaxed entrance requirements for candidates aged 21 or over are given in the admissions section of the prospectus but all such candidates should contact the faculty at an early date to [get] information about the subjects and grades they require to achieve for entry .

Over 95 per cent of graduates in agriculture obtain employment before the end of the year in which they graduate and most students have offers of jobs before taking their final exams .
over 95 per cent of graduates in agriculture [get] employment before the end of the year in which they graduate and most students have offers of jobs before taking their final exams .

Moreover , a student who obtains a reasonably good degree can usually obtain financial support for a year of postgraduate study leading to an MSc in Statistics .
moreover , a student who obtains a reasonably good degree can usually [get] financial support for a year of postgraduate study leading to an msc in statistics .

Bureaucrats use their power to obtain policies with characteristics which will benefit themselves by distorting information , leaking information , distorting the speed of policy implementation and distorting the costs of policies as they are implemented ( Breton and Wintrobe 1979 ) .
bureaucrats use their power to [get] policies with characteristics which will benefit themselves by distorting information , leaking information , distorting the speed of policy implementation and distorting the costs of policies as they are implemented ( breton and wintrobe 1979 ) .

Voting rules could be changed to make it more difficult to obtain legislative approval for budgets , again reducing the power of ‘ high demand ’ groups by requiring larger than simple-majority decisions .
voting rules could be changed to make it more difficult to [get] legislative approval for budgets , again reducing the power of ‘ high demand ’ groups by requiring larger than simple-majority decisions .

This leads to a final consideration , namely whether politicians behave in the way Niskanen and others assume they do , either in their sensitivity to the costs and benefits of public expenditure or in their inability to obtain adequate information for the monitoring job they are required to do .
this leads to a final consideration , namely whether politicians behave in the way niskanen and others assume they do , either in their sensitivity to the costs and benefits of public expenditure or in their inability to [get] adequate information for the monitoring job they are required to do .

You can obtain the Energy Efficiency Office 's Home Energy Fact File on Loft Insulation .
you can [get] the energy efficiency office 's home energy fact file on loft insulation .

Ask at your local gas or electricity showroom or Real Fire Heating Centre or obtain the Home Energy Fact Files on heating controls and heating systems from the Energy Efficiency Office .
ask at your local gas or electricity showroom or real fire heating centre or [get] the home energy fact files on heating controls and heating systems from the energy efficiency office .

Specimens obtained by endoscopy and treated in vitro with arginine must be less than 1 mm thick and 5 mm wide to obtain a reliable labelling index , and are usually composed obliquely cut crypts in histological sections .
specimens obtained by endoscopy and treated in vitro with arginine must be less than 1 mm thick and 5 mm wide to [get] a reliable labelling index , and are usually composed obliquely cut crypts in histological sections .

To obtain a correct view of the ulcer and stigmata of recent bleeding , the lesions were gently washed to remove blood that had not adhered to the lesions .
to [get] a correct view of the ulcer and stigmata of recent bleeding , the lesions were gently washed to remove blood that had not adhered to the lesions .

Which treatment is most appropriate is dependent on the clinical state of the patient and whether the stricture is benign or malignant — information which may be difficult to obtain .
which treatment is most appropriate is dependent on the clinical state of the patient and whether the stricture is benign or malignant — information which may be difficult to [get] .

The high sensitivities obtained in some centres would suggest that it is technically feasible to obtain tissue confirmation by cytology in all patients with hilar strictures .
the high sensitivities obtained in some centres would suggest that it is technically feasible to [get] tissue confirmation by cytology in all patients with hilar strictures .

All costs are expressed in 1989/90 prices , and where costs have been incurred beyond the first year , then the Treasury 's recommended discount rate of 6 % has been applied to obtain a present value estimate .
all costs are expressed in 1989/90 prices , and where costs have been incurred beyond the first year , then the treasury 's recommended discount rate of 6 % has been applied to [get] a present value estimate .

In order to obtain stable solutions of amiodarone for intravenous use , the drug is dissolved in a mixture of polysorbate 80 ( polyoxenethylated sorbitan ester ) a small amount of benzylacohol , and water .
in order to [get] stable solutions of amiodarone for intravenous use , the drug is dissolved in a mixture of polysorbate 80 ( polyoxenethylated sorbitan ester ) a small amount of benzylacohol , and water .

Endobiliary fine needle aspiration cytology , in which a fine needle is introduced into the biliary tree either percutaneously or endoscopically , has the potential advantage over other methods of diagnosing biliary strictures in that the needle may be inserted through the strictured area and thereby obtain tissue from outwith the wall of the bile duct .
endobiliary fine needle aspiration cytology , in which a fine needle is introduced into the biliary tree either percutaneously or endoscopically , has the potential advantage over other methods of diagnosing biliary strictures in that the needle may be inserted through the strictured area and thereby [get] tissue from outwith the wall of the bile duct .

Our review of the surveillance programme had three distinct goals : ( a ) to obtain full follow up of all patients who had participated at any time in the surveillance programme ; ( b ) to identify any other patients , who attended the department over this time and who should have been recruited into the surveillance programme ; and ( c ) to identify all cases of colonic carcinoma occurring in association with ulcerative colitis presenting to the department over this period .
our review of the surveillance programme had three distinct goals : ( a ) to [get] full follow up of all patients who had participated at any time in the surveillance programme ; ( b ) to identify any other patients , who attended the department over this time and who should have been recruited into the surveillance programme ; and ( c ) to identify all cases of colonic carcinoma occurring in association with ulcerative colitis presenting to the department over this period .

Some of the rebel leaders , notably Litster , may have appreciated their military weakness , because they attempted to involve members of the gentry in the revolt , and although they had little support of this nature , the very fact that they hoped to obtain it must argue against an interpretation of the revolt simply in class terms .
some of the rebel leaders , notably litster , may have appreciated their military weakness , because they attempted to involve members of the gentry in the revolt , and although they had little support of this nature , the very fact that they hoped to [get] it must argue against an interpretation of the revolt simply in class terms .

In some areas , however , customary tenants seem to have been able to obtain security comparable to that enjoyed by copyholders .
in some areas , however , customary tenants seem to have been able to [get] security comparable to that enjoyed by copyholders .

We used the number of deaths at 3 , 6 , 9 , 12 , and 18 months as the endpoints because we were unable to obtain all the individual data .
we used the number of deaths at 3 , 6 , 9 , 12 , and 18 months as the endpoints because we were unable to [get] all the individual data .

It should be said , however , that there will not be many situations where users will be able to obtain such information from organizations .
it should be said , however , that there will not be many situations where users will be able to [get] such information from organizations .

That is setting a low pass mark themselves which they can easily achieve , whilst being demotivated when having to attempt to obtain a pass mark of 80 % that a lecturer has set .
that is setting a low pass mark themselves which they can easily achieve , whilst being demotivated when having to attempt to [get] a pass mark of 80 % that a lecturer has set .

Knowing , for example , that the firm will have a cash surplus , say for two months prior to the payment of a large creditor , such as the Inland Revenue , means that the company will be able to arrange to deposit cash over this period to obtain the maximum returns .
knowing , for example , that the firm will have a cash surplus , say for two months prior to the payment of a large creditor , such as the inland revenue , means that the company will be able to arrange to deposit cash over this period to [get] the maximum returns .

These specimens were pooled to obtain adequate cell numbers for analysis .
these specimens were pooled to [get] adequate cell numbers for analysis .

While the government may decide how much it wishes to spend on health care and it may seek to discourage employers from spending by changing tax incentives , the report said , the Fifth Amendment prohibits the government from ‘ barring individuals from using their own funds or their own insurance coverage to obtain appropriate medical care ’ .
while the government may decide how much it wishes to spend on health care and it may seek to discourage employers from spending by changing tax incentives , the report said , the fifth amendment prohibits the government from ‘ barring individuals from using their own funds or their own insurance coverage to [get] appropriate medical care ’ .

With different price levels it is possible to derive the level of output that will obtain and hence an aggregate supply curve is derived .
with different price levels it is possible to derive the level of output that will [get] and hence an aggregate supply curve is derived .

In the long run the Phillips curve is vertical because consistent expectations and outturns are established so that the equilibrium real wage and the natural rate of output obtain .
in the long run the phillips curve is vertical because consistent expectations and outturns are established so that the equilibrium real wage and the natural rate of output [get] .

The reverse pattern would obtain to the right of and a move from a point such as 4 to point 3 can be anticipated .
the reverse pattern would [get] to the right of and a move from a point such as 4 to point 3 can be anticipated .

10–8 ( b ) is precluded as the natural rate will obtain .
10–8 ( b ) is precluded as the natural rate will [get] .

that households can move without having to obtain alternative jobs or without having to worry about transport costs to their place of work .
that households can move without having to [get] alternative jobs or without having to worry about transport costs to their place of work .

When there is no mobility of labour across jurisdictions , it is possible that two identical individuals residing in two different jurisdictions may obtain different net fiscal benefits . Buchanan refers to fiscal equity being attained when there is horizontal equity across different states :
when there is no mobility of labour across jurisdictions , it is possible that two identical individuals residing in two different jurisdictions may [get] different net fiscal benefits . buchanan refers to fiscal equity being attained when there is horizontal equity across different states :

Individuals of a given level residing in a high income state will obtain a larger net benefit from the state fiscal activities than will a similar person residing in a different state .
individuals of a given level residing in a high income state will [get] a larger net benefit from the state fiscal activities than will a similar person residing in a different state .

You must be the package manager or the user nominated to approve the package to obtain the approval listings .
you must be the package manager or the user nominated to approve the package to [get] the approval listings .

The package manager may only obtain these listings provided that the package has not yet been submitted for approval .
the package manager may only [get] these listings provided that the package has not yet been submitted for approval .

The nominated approver may only obtain the listings after the package has been submitted for approval .
the nominated approver may only [get] the listings after the package has been submitted for approval .

After approval , only the package manager can obtain quality assurance listings .
after approval , only the package manager can [get] quality assurance listings .

Please ensure that you obtain the approval listings prior to trying again .
please ensure that you [get] the approval listings prior to trying again .

Please obtain access to the module ( from the module manager ) or supply the correct password if possible .
please [get] access to the module ( from the module manager ) or supply the correct password if possible .

The user will be able to obtain an Abbreviated Report which will consist of the above information but excluding the module information .
the user will be able to [get] an abbreviated report which will consist of the above information but excluding the module information .

The user will be able to obtain an Abbreviated Report which will consist of only the structured listing .
the user will be able to [get] an abbreviated report which will consist of only the structured listing .

When you select this option , the first page will be displayed to obtain the name of the package for the operation .
when you select this option , the first page will be displayed to [get] the name of the package for the operation .

If you are the Preparer of the package you may only obtain these listings provided the package has not been submitted for approval .
if you are the preparer of the package you may only [get] these listings provided the package has not been submitted for approval .

If you are the Approver of the package you may only obtain the listings after the package has been submitted for approval .
if you are the approver of the package you may only [get] the listings after the package has been submitted for approval .

By eliminating the common factor p/RT from these two equations we obtain This method is used to determine the molar mass of volatile liquids .
by eliminating the common factor p/rt from these two equations we [get] this method is used to determine the molar mass of volatile liquids .

Equation ( 6 ) is then used to obtain the molar mass and thus the relative molecular mass .
equation ( 6 ) is then used to [get] the molar mass and thus the relative molecular mass .

The partial pressure of component a is given by the ideal gas equation as If we repeat this for all the components and substitute these expressions into equation ( 7 ) we obtain By combining equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) we obtain The quantity is known as the mole fraction of component a .
the partial pressure of component a is given by the ideal gas equation as if we repeat this for all the components and substitute these expressions into equation ( 7 ) we [get] by combining equations ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) we [get] the quantity is known as the mole fraction of component a .

Thus Since the rate of diffusion is inversely proportional to the time taken for it to diffuse , we obtain the following expression : The process of effusion is similar to that of diffusion ( see figure 3.6 ) .
thus since the rate of diffusion is inversely proportional to the time taken for it to diffuse , we [get] the following expression : the process of effusion is similar to that of diffusion ( see figure 3.6 ) .

By comparing equations ( 12 ) and ( 13 ) we obtain
by comparing equations ( 12 ) and ( 13 ) we [get]

( i ) Describe briefly an experiment that could be carried out to obtain these results in the laboratory .
( i ) describe briefly an experiment that could be carried out to [get] these results in the laboratory .

If we average the four standard bond dissociation enthalpies for the methane molecule , we obtain a value of +412 kJ mol-1 .
if we average the four standard bond dissociation enthalpies for the methane molecule , we [get] a value of +412 kj mol-1 .

We can now apply Hess 's law ( equation ( 12 ) ) to the atomisation of methane : Applying question ( 13 ) we obtain
we can now apply hess 's law ( equation ( 12 ) ) to the atomisation of methane : applying question ( 13 ) we [get]

The following equation is analogous to equation ( 11 ) : By rearranging this equation and substituting the values shown above we obtain This is the standard molar lattice enthalpy of sodium chloride .
the following equation is analogous to equation ( 11 ) : by rearranging this equation and substituting the values shown above we [get] this is the standard molar lattice enthalpy of sodium chloride .

If we plot the vapour pressure of the liquid mixture ( that is the solution ) against Vapour Composition over the complete range of compositions , we obtain the lower curve in figure 6.12 .
if we plot the vapour pressure of the liquid mixture ( that is the solution ) against vapour composition over the complete range of compositions , we [get] the lower curve in figure 6.12 .

If we plot boiling point against composition we obtain the type of boiling point curve shown in figure 6.14 .
if we plot boiling point against composition we [get] the type of boiling point curve shown in figure 6.14 .

The process is used commercially to obtain drinkable water from sea water .
the process is used commercially to [get] drinkable water from sea water .

Citizenship rights were developed along with liberal government due to modernisation and protest in order to obtain a greater degree of participation .
citizenship rights were developed along with liberal government due to modernisation and protest in order to [get] a greater degree of participation .

Civil disobedience to obtain what the voters want has been used most effectively in poll tax demonstrations and non-payment campaigns .
civil disobedience to [get] what the voters want has been used most effectively in poll tax demonstrations and non-payment campaigns .

Knock in a series of pegs at regular intervals to obtain an overall general level .
knock in a series of pegs at regular intervals to [get] an overall general level .

To obtain the contours of the design , flex and nail strips of hardboard or plywood between the edging pegs flush with the final level .
to [get] the contours of the design , flex and nail strips of hardboard or plywood between the edging pegs flush with the final level .

Torture and sexual violence to obtain ’ confessions ’ from women detainees continues .
torture and sexual violence to [get] ’ confessions ’ from women detainees continues .

either two years and five months from the date of the original separation ( and obtain the consent of your husband or wife )
either two years and five months from the date of the original separation ( and [get] the consent of your husband or wife )

But they indulged in some dubious business ethics to obtain it ( see page 33 ) , and inspectors appointed by the Department of Trade and Industry have apparently said as much .
but they indulged in some dubious business ethics to [get] it ( see page 33 ) , and inspectors appointed by the department of trade and industry have apparently said as much .

It has taken Fraud Squad officers months just to obtain clearance from the Egyptian authorities for an evidence-gathering trip .
it has taken fraud squad officers months just to [get] clearance from the egyptian authorities for an evidence-gathering trip .

It empowers the Department of Justice to sue to obtain redress for victims of housing discrimination ( the damages may include payment for personal humiliation as well as loss of time or money ) .
it empowers the department of justice to sue to [get] redress for victims of housing discrimination ( the damages may include payment for personal humiliation as well as loss of time or money ) .

Yarn for the carpet was spun and dyed at Douglas Reyburn , using special colours to obtain the subtle difference between shades that are mostly red .
yarn for the carpet was spun and dyed at douglas reyburn , using special colours to [get] the subtle difference between shades that are mostly red .

The writer was requesting advice on how she could obtain the same quality of Super Sax once again !
the writer was requesting advice on how she could [get] the same quality of super sax once again !

This means that revenue is recognized as services are rendered and expenses are recognized as efforts are expended or services used to obtain the revenue , regardless of when cash is received or disbursed .
this means that revenue is recognized as services are rendered and expenses are recognized as efforts are expended or services used to [get] the revenue , regardless of when cash is received or disbursed .

The aim of verifying the accuracy and reliability of records and documents ( by examination and testing ) is to obtain support for the expression of an opinion on the financial statements .
the aim of verifying the accuracy and reliability of records and documents ( by examination and testing ) is to [get] support for the expression of an opinion on the financial statements .

Although the information given here was correct at the time of preparing this guide it is essential to obtain up to date information to take account of any changes in official policy .
although the information given here was correct at the time of preparing this guide it is essential to [get] up to date information to take account of any changes in official policy .

This is not only because of the need for a contractor to make money but also to achieve an acceptable cash flow and , ideally , to obtain more work from the same client in the future .
this is not only because of the need for a contractor to make money but also to achieve an acceptable cash flow and , ideally , to [get] more work from the same client in the future .

the client may not obtain the project he or she thought had been commissioned
the client may not [get] the project he or she thought had been commissioned

Our government does not want to obtain a total military victory . ``
our government does not want to [get] a total military victory . ``

On May 24 the protesters took hostage the French consul-general and 10 oil company employees , apparently in an attempt to obtain French support for their demands .
on may 24 the protesters took hostage the french consul-general and 10 oil company employees , apparently in an attempt to [get] french support for their demands .

It was also announced that a law was being drafted to give all Albanians the right to obtain a passport for foreign travel .
it was also announced that a law was being drafted to give all albanians the right to [get] a passport for foreign travel .

In addition to the planned introduction of the right to obtain a passport , Myftiu announced that in future defection would be considered as trespass on the country 's borders and not as " betrayal of the homeland " , which had carried the death penalty .
in addition to the planned introduction of the right to [get] a passport , myftiu announced that in future defection would be considered as trespass on the country 's borders and not as " betrayal of the homeland " , which had carried the death penalty .

The Jammu and Kashmir state administration imposed and maintained an around-the-clock curfew in the Kashmir valley on April 6-21 , with a few short relaxations to allow people to obtain essential supplies .
the jammu and kashmir state administration imposed and maintained an around-the-clock curfew in the kashmir valley on april 6-21 , with a few short relaxations to allow people to [get] essential supplies .

The Louisiana bill was drafted by state and national anti-abortion groups in an effort to force the Supreme Court to address the 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling which had established the constitutional right of women to obtain abortions .
the louisiana bill was drafted by state and national anti-abortion groups in an effort to force the supreme court to address the 1973 roe v. wade ruling which had established the constitutional right of women to [get] abortions .

This agreement unexpectedly failed to obtain the required two-thirds majority in the Volkskammer on Aug. 9 because of the absence of some members of the coalition parties ( the vote was 258-63 ) .
this agreement unexpectedly failed to [get] the required two-thirds majority in the volkskammer on aug. 9 because of the absence of some members of the coalition parties ( the vote was 258-63 ) .

All files which did not concern terrorism , espionage or organized crime would be removed from police hands and given to an independent body , and people would be able to obtain photocopies of their files ( and by the deadline of March 31 , 350,000 people had applied ) .
all files which did not concern terrorism , espionage or organized crime would be removed from police hands and given to an independent body , and people would be able to [get] photocopies of their files ( and by the deadline of march 31 , 350,000 people had applied ) .

The decree , which entered into force later in June , entitled Albanian citizens in principle to a passport for travelling abroad and re-entering the country , and made it possible for visitors to obtain entry visas at crossing points on the Albanian border .
the decree , which entered into force later in june , entitled albanian citizens in principle to a passport for travelling abroad and re-entering the country , and made it possible for visitors to [get] entry visas at crossing points on the albanian border .

Within hours of the signing of the law , Janet Benshoof , an attorney from the American Civil Liberties Union , made a speech in which she deliberately gave advice on where women could obtain abortions .
within hours of the signing of the law , janet benshoof , an attorney from the american civil liberties union , made a speech in which she deliberately gave advice on where women could [get] abortions .

Moves towards toleration began during 1686 , when James used his prerogative powers to grant a large number of pardons and remissions of fines ( especially to Quakers ) , and even allowed individuals to obtain dispensations from the penal laws .
moves towards toleration began during 1686 , when james used his prerogative powers to grant a large number of pardons and remissions of fines ( especially to quakers ) , and even allowed individuals to [get] dispensations from the penal laws .

William of Orange , whatever his initial intentions might have been when coming to England , was now determined to obtain the English Crown for himself , and he secured James 's second , and this time enforced , removal from his Kingdom on 23 December .
william of orange , whatever his initial intentions might have been when coming to england , was now determined to [get] the english crown for himself , and he secured james 's second , and this time enforced , removal from his kingdom on 23 december .

In 1708 Godolphin hoped to obtain `` a Parliament for the Court , a Parliament that may be guided `` but the public reaction to the Jacobite invasion scare of that year produced `` the most Wig Parliament … since the revolution `` .
in 1708 godolphin hoped to [get] `` a parliament for the court , a parliament that may be guided `` but the public reaction to the jacobite invasion scare of that year produced `` the most wig parliament … since the revolution `` .

Macmillan flew to meet Kennedy in the Bahamas determined not only to obtain Polaris but also to do so with safeguards for its `` independent `` use .
macmillan flew to meet kennedy in the bahamas determined not only to [get] polaris but also to do so with safeguards for its `` independent `` use .

If interbank rates are determined solely by expected future interest rates , then the current structure of rates can be `` unwound `` in order to obtain expected future rates .
if interbank rates are determined solely by expected future interest rates , then the current structure of rates can be `` unwound `` in order to [get] expected future rates .

As in the past , governments also attempted , with varying degrees of success , to obtain information by opening and reading the correspondence of foreign diplomats .
as in the past , governments also attempted , with varying degrees of success , to [get] information by opening and reading the correspondence of foreign diplomats .

The Jacobite threat , which until the middle of the century seemed to all British statesmen very real , led to intensified efforts of this kind , with attempts to obtain keys to the cyphers used by foreign governments and to gather information from postal centres on the continent such as Danzig , Brussels , Leyden , Antwerp and Hamburg .
the jacobite threat , which until the middle of the century seemed to all british statesmen very real , led to intensified efforts of this kind , with attempts to [get] keys to the cyphers used by foreign governments and to gather information from postal centres on the continent such as danzig , brussels , leyden , antwerp and hamburg .

It was normal , moreover , as in earlier generations , for a diplomat going to one of the more out-of-the-way capitals , if he expected to stay for any length of time , to equip himself with a mass of essentials which might be difficult or impossible to obtain at his destination .
it was normal , moreover , as in earlier generations , for a diplomat going to one of the more out-of-the-way capitals , if he expected to stay for any length of time , to equip himself with a mass of essentials which might be difficult or impossible to [get] at his destination .

For most of the eighteenth century a translator of oriental languages was attached to the office of one of the secretaries of state ; but to obtain an English version of a letter in Turkish or Arabic was often far from easy .
for most of the eighteenth century a translator of oriental languages was attached to the office of one of the secretaries of state ; but to [get] an english version of a letter in turkish or arabic was often far from easy .

He does it for vanity , to get a reputation , to obtain stipends and official positions .
he does it for vanity , to get a reputation , to [get] stipends and official positions .

Once one gets the taste for smoking wood it is possible to mix and obtain subtle flavours ; and invent recipes .
once one gets the taste for smoking wood it is possible to mix and [get] subtle flavours ; and invent recipes .

Completion procedures — obtain final copies of reports
completion procedures — [get] final copies of reports

Although buyers will want to secure the best possible deal for themselves , sellers will only want to sell if they too think that they will obtain a good deal .
although buyers will want to secure the best possible deal for themselves , sellers will only want to sell if they too think that they will [get] a good deal .

to obtain confirmation from the preparer of the advertisement and the issuer of the advertisement ( if other than the preparer ) that to the best of his knowledge and belief the facts contained in the advertisement are true and accurate and will remain so during the currency of the advertisement ;
to [get] confirmation from the preparer of the advertisement and the issuer of the advertisement ( if other than the preparer ) that to the best of his knowledge and belief the facts contained in the advertisement are true and accurate and will remain so during the currency of the advertisement ;

In order to obtain the best price ( if this is the prime objective ) a full researched contact list should be undertaken .
in order to [get] the best price ( if this is the prime objective ) a full researched contact list should be undertaken .

Obtain representation in writing from the client acknowledging its responsibility .
[get] representation in writing from the client acknowledging its responsibility .

Obtain copies of :
[get] copies of :

The vendor can try to obtain additional protection by obtaining agreement from the purchaser that the issue of the accounting policies may only be discussed , and if appropriate the policies amended , following due diligence .
the vendor can try to [get] additional protection by obtaining agreement from the purchaser that the issue of the accounting policies may only be discussed , and if appropriate the policies amended , following due diligence .

Explain in your memo whether Network members can obtain success-based remuneration from you , the vendor of the business , or from the vendor 's agent , or whether network members must make their own fee arrangements with prospective purchasers .
explain in your memo whether network members can [get] success-based remuneration from you , the vendor of the business , or from the vendor 's agent , or whether network members must make their own fee arrangements with prospective purchasers .

To obtain an assurance from the vendors that they wish to pursue matters on an exclusive basis , at least for a specified time period
to [get] an assurance from the vendors that they wish to pursue matters on an exclusive basis , at least for a specified time period

To make arrangements to obtain sufficient information to confirm its willingness to proceed .
to make arrangements to [get] sufficient information to confirm its willingness to proceed .

Material provisions whose adequacy can not be assessed objectively on the basis of actual experience either in the run up to completion or within a short period from completion ( so that it may not be reasonable to expect to obtain a retention from the vendors ) ; for example , pension provisions and reserves for goods supplied in previous years .
material provisions whose adequacy can not be assessed objectively on the basis of actual experience either in the run up to completion or within a short period from completion ( so that it may not be reasonable to expect to [get] a retention from the vendors ) ; for example , pension provisions and reserves for goods supplied in previous years .

Clearance applications require planning as it may take up to 30 days to obtain clearance .
clearance applications require planning as it may take up to 30 days to [get] clearance .

Consider what further background information on the target you should obtain prior to an effective and professionally-handled contact .
consider what further background information on the target you should [get] prior to an effective and professionally-handled contact .

This can be where the seller feels that it has the bargaining power and will be able to obtain a negotiating advantage by putting forward a document with negligible warranties .
this can be where the seller feels that it has the bargaining power and will be able to [get] a negotiating advantage by putting forward a document with negligible warranties .

The purchaser may therefore obtain the benefit of , effectively , owning the company before he pays for it .
the purchaser may therefore [get] the benefit of , effectively , owning the company before he pays for it .

Therefore , the acquirer should obtain a covenant that the seller will make up any shortfall .
therefore , the acquirer should [get] a covenant that the seller will make up any shortfall .

Undertakings to obtain exemption from a charge to value added tax on the transaction .
undertakings to [get] exemption from a charge to value added tax on the transaction .

In theory it is possible to obtain insurance against warranty liability ( e.g. Directors and officers ) but in practice the insurers are normally so demanding in the kind of confirmations they require and so restrictive as to what they will insure ( eg not taxation ) that this is rarely practicable or worthwhile .
in theory it is possible to [get] insurance against warranty liability ( e.g. directors and officers ) but in practice the insurers are normally so demanding in the kind of confirmations they require and so restrictive as to what they will insure ( eg not taxation ) that this is rarely practicable or worthwhile .

This will mean that any person can be liable to the acquirer for the full liability , with a separate right for that person subsequently to obtain contributions from other people liable .
this will mean that any person can be liable to the acquirer for the full liability , with a separate right for that person subsequently to [get] contributions from other people liable .

Always question any information provided and visit the organisation to obtain a ‘ feel ’ for the business ;
always question any information provided and visit the organisation to [get] a ‘ feel ’ for the business ;

obtain a corporate finance engagement letter ( or full form of engagement letter if not a corporate finance client ( see chapter 04 ) ) , if not already in place ; and
[get] a corporate finance engagement letter ( or full form of engagement letter if not a corporate finance client ( see chapter 04 ) ) , if not already in place ; and

obtain at least two quotes to ensure the best price is obtained for the client ;
[get] at least two quotes to ensure the best price is obtained for the client ;

It is important to obtain specific legal advice in all circumstances to protect the firm 's position and to minimise any likelihood of the arrangements entered into being set aside by any ‘ disgruntled ’ investor after the event .
it is important to [get] specific legal advice in all circumstances to protect the firm 's position and to minimise any likelihood of the arrangements entered into being set aside by any ‘ disgruntled ’ investor after the event .

At this stage , we can obtain further detailed company information , eg financial statements .
at this stage , we can [get] further detailed company information , eg financial statements .

Obtain the name of their client who has expressed an interest .
[get] the name of their client who has expressed an interest .

Obtain some details — Quoted or Private company , activities , location , size and whether there is synergy .
[get] some details — quoted or private company , activities , location , size and whether there is synergy .

When names are cleared we are advised by the vendor 's accountant and are requested to obtain the standard confidentiality letter from our clients .
when names are cleared we are advised by the vendor 's accountant and are requested to [get] the standard confidentiality letter from our clients .

On receipt of the signed document advise the vendor 's representative , send the letter and obtain the Information memorandum for our client .
on receipt of the signed document advise the vendor 's representative , send the letter and [get] the information memorandum for our client .

No hard and fast rules can be laid down but generally we will wish to impart minimum information to obtain maximum in return .
no hard and fast rules can be laid down but generally we will wish to impart minimum information to [get] maximum in return .

any clearances needed to complete the acquisition and the timescale required to obtain these approvals .
any clearances needed to complete the acquisition and the timescale required to [get] these approvals .

[ Finally as we have mentioned before it is now necessary for me to obtain a Corporate Finance Engagement Letter and we enclose two copies of our standard letter .
[ finally as we have mentioned before it is now necessary for me to [get] a corporate finance engagement letter and we enclose two copies of our standard letter .

At this stage , we can obtain further detailed company information such as financial statements .
at this stage , we can [get] further detailed company information such as financial statements .

to obtain sufficient information to confirm your willingness to proceed with the transaction ; and
to [get] sufficient information to confirm your willingness to proceed with the transaction ; and

to obtain an assurance from the vendors that they wish to pursue matters on an exclusive basis .
to [get] an assurance from the vendors that they wish to pursue matters on an exclusive basis .

Shortlisted parties will also be given access to the vendors ' various professional advisers to obtain information and to discuss specific areas .
shortlisted parties will also be given access to the vendors ' various professional advisers to [get] information and to discuss specific areas .

To obtain an understanding of offerors intentions
to [get] an understanding of offerors intentions

If he swings it fast and hard , he would obtain maximum shaft distortion and the ball would travel all over the countryside .
if he swings it fast and hard , he would [get] maximum shaft distortion and the ball would travel all over the countryside .

France as a major political rival and industrial producer was particularly keen to obtain British technology from the early eighteenth century .
france as a major political rival and industrial producer was particularly keen to [get] british technology from the early eighteenth century .

There are possible benefits ; these include benefits to investors , financial agents and government agencies who may obtain a better idea of the performance of different companies .
there are possible benefits ; these include benefits to investors , financial agents and government agencies who may [get] a better idea of the performance of different companies .

With a mixture of face-to-face interview and telephone approaches , 65 firms are to be surveyed , in order to obtain details of their history and development since being assisted by the council .
with a mixture of face-to-face interview and telephone approaches , 65 firms are to be surveyed , in order to [get] details of their history and development since being assisted by the council .

In order to simplify access to the data , a set of computer programs enables prospective users of the data not only to obtain data , but to tailor their excerpts from the database precisely to their own requirements .
in order to simplify access to the data , a set of computer programs enables prospective users of the data not only to [get] data , but to tailor their excerpts from the database precisely to their own requirements .

1 Select a pilot sample of research supervisors and students 2 Interview this sample to obtain detailed role descriptions 3 Compile items from the interviews into a large checklist 4 Distribute the checklist to a large , representative sample 5 Analyse the completed checklists as required
1 select a pilot sample of research supervisors and students 2 interview this sample to [get] detailed role descriptions 3 compile items from the interviews into a large checklist 4 distribute the checklist to a large , representative sample 5 analyse the completed checklists as required

Aggregating together union and non-union wages and substituting out firms ' demand for labour , one may obtain a reduced real wage equation positively related to output , lagged real wages and employer taxes on labour and negatively to unexpected inflation benefits and employee taxes .
aggregating together union and non-union wages and substituting out firms ' demand for labour , one may [get] a reduced real wage equation positively related to output , lagged real wages and employer taxes on labour and negatively to unexpected inflation benefits and employee taxes .

Several policies have been introduced into the public sector in recent years whose chief purpose is to obtain better ‘ value for money ’ .
several policies have been introduced into the public sector in recent years whose chief purpose is to [get] better ‘ value for money ’ .

The research aims to obtain detailed evidence of the various ways in which assistance given to firms by district councils conflicts with , or alternatively helps regional policy to bring jobs to the depressed areas .
the research aims to [get] detailed evidence of the various ways in which assistance given to firms by district councils conflicts with , or alternatively helps regional policy to bring jobs to the depressed areas .

It has been observed , for example , that British firms find it easier to persuade workers to accept redundancies but harder to obtain flexibility of working practices and job demarcations than do their French counterparts .
it has been observed , for example , that british firms find it easier to persuade workers to accept redundancies but harder to [get] flexibility of working practices and job demarcations than do their french counterparts .

Warrender Swim Centre holds classes for people who wish to obtain the bronze medallion .
warrender swim centre holds classes for people who wish to [get] the bronze medallion .

It is also possible to obtain cover to pay off the mortgage on the diagnosis of certain critical illnesses .
it is also possible to [get] cover to pay off the mortgage on the diagnosis of certain critical illnesses .

Whatever the cells or subcellular particles you 're isolating , Nycomed products can be used to obtain very pure and clearcut suspensions .
whatever the cells or subcellular particles you 're isolating , nycomed products can be used to [get] very pure and clearcut suspensions .

These include involving relatively large numbers of local people in active neighbourhood roles and catering for disadvantaged groups such as the unemployed and individuals unable to obtain credit from conventional sources .
these include involving relatively large numbers of local people in active neighbourhood roles and catering for disadvantaged groups such as the unemployed and individuals unable to [get] credit from conventional sources .

Employers can be used by the courts to obtain payments from those in arrears with fines , maintenance , housing and consumer credit agreements .
employers can be used by the courts to [get] payments from those in arrears with fines , maintenance , housing and consumer credit agreements .

The aim of the project is to obtain basic information about employers ' policies and practices in the recruitment and management of the work-force , and in particular to establish how far such policies and practices have changed in recent years .
the aim of the project is to [get] basic information about employers ' policies and practices in the recruitment and management of the work-force , and in particular to establish how far such policies and practices have changed in recent years .

The purpose of this research project is to obtain presently lacking information on the way of life , social structure and ideology of a Bantu-speaking people called Lungu who live around the southern end of Lake Tanganyika in East-Central Africa .
the purpose of this research project is to [get] presently lacking information on the way of life , social structure and ideology of a bantu-speaking people called lungu who live around the southern end of lake tanganyika in east-central africa .

The aims of the research will be : to obtain a national picture of the approaches to assessing the quality of schooling to develop a typology of these approaches and an understanding of their different rationales to establish how the various approaches are perceived by those involved to explore , through detailed case studies , how the different approaches influence the practice and development of schools , both in the short and medium terms .
the aims of the research will be : to [get] a national picture of the approaches to assessing the quality of schooling to develop a typology of these approaches and an understanding of their different rationales to establish how the various approaches are perceived by those involved to explore , through detailed case studies , how the different approaches influence the practice and development of schools , both in the short and medium terms .

In contrast , the 1980 Transport Act opened the door to competition by easing the procedures needed to obtain a road service licence .
in contrast , the 1980 transport act opened the door to competition by easing the procedures needed to [get] a road service licence .

obtain premises , plant and workforce there ) and manufacture its own product abroad .
[get] premises , plant and workforce there ) and manufacture its own product abroad .

It is regretted that so many people were unable to obtain a ticket for this game and the committee fully appreciates their keen disappointment ; it was an impossible task to satisfy everyone so great was the demand .
it is regretted that so many people were unable to [get] a ticket for this game and the committee fully appreciates their keen disappointment ; it was an impossible task to satisfy everyone so great was the demand .

The Lithuanian back division , as Liubinskas was a little suspect against Northern Ireland but this was primarily due to the absence of 32-year-old central defender Vlacheslavas Sukristovas who was unable to obtain a visa from Israel where he plays for Maccabi Netanya .
the lithuanian back division , as liubinskas was a little suspect against northern ireland but this was primarily due to the absence of 32-year-old central defender vlacheslavas sukristovas who was unable to [get] a visa from israel where he plays for maccabi netanya .

To obtain the factual details , the adviser will complete a confidential questionnaire or ‘ fact find ’ .
to [get] the factual details , the adviser will complete a confidential questionnaire or ‘ fact find ’ .

Where the information supplied to the Council has been less than adequate , discussions at meetings between representatives of bodies and the Council 's members and officers have been helpful in enabling the Council to obtain more of the information it wishes to have to assist it in determining the grant offer .
where the information supplied to the council has been less than adequate , discussions at meetings between representatives of bodies and the council 's members and officers have been helpful in enabling the council to [get] more of the information it wishes to have to assist it in determining the grant offer .

The central purpose of this project is to obtain a better understanding of China 's attitude towards , and likely role in international arms control .
the central purpose of this project is to [get] a better understanding of china 's attitude towards , and likely role in international arms control .

Having been accepted as the burgh nominee , one still had to obtain a majority of votes in the District Election .
having been accepted as the burgh nominee , one still had to [get] a majority of votes in the district election .

Any interested members may obtain a copy of the Memorandum of Guidance by writing to the Secretary .
any interested members may [get] a copy of the memorandum of guidance by writing to the secretary .

‘ To ask the Chancellor whether he proposes to take any action to counter the growing practice by companies of granting shareholders the option to receive dividends in the form of stock instead of cash , so enabling some shareholders to obtain a tax advantage . ’
‘ to ask the chancellor whether he proposes to take any action to counter the growing practice by companies of granting shareholders the option to receive dividends in the form of stock instead of cash , so enabling some shareholders to [get] a tax advantage . ’

Any member wishing information may obtain this from the Secretary of one of these Committees or from the Legal Aid Central Committee .
any member wishing information may [get] this from the secretary of one of these committees or from the legal aid central committee .

The Council of the Society has been considering whether a scheme should be introduced whereby a young person proposing to enter law as a career could obtain some preliminary experience of the workings of a law office either before commencement of his university studies or during vacations .
the council of the society has been considering whether a scheme should be introduced whereby a young person proposing to enter law as a career could [get] some preliminary experience of the workings of a law office either before commencement of his university studies or during vacations .

The procedures look fine for the purchase of one-off and novel items , but it occurs to me that it would save time and effort if we established ‘ preferred suppliers ’ for standard PCs , printers , and peripherals , so that we do n't have to obtain multiple quotes and give reasons for supplier choice each time we order an off-the-shelf system .
the procedures look fine for the purchase of one-off and novel items , but it occurs to me that it would save time and effort if we established ‘ preferred suppliers ’ for standard pcs , printers , and peripherals , so that we do n't have to [get] multiple quotes and give reasons for supplier choice each time we order an off-the-shelf system .

Such reports are not comprehensive , and may be difficult to obtain , so that identifications require a large library .
such reports are not comprehensive , and may be difficult to [get] , so that identifications require a large library .

Again , Ata ' i writes that Molla Khurram ( d. 970/1562–3 ) reached the 50-akce level at the Mehmed Pasa medrese in Sofya : then , as often as he sought a medrese in the he failed to obtain his desire ; and , of necessity becoming resigned to going out to the he became kadi in certain cities with 150 akce . ``
again , ata ' i writes that molla khurram ( d. 970/1562–3 ) reached the 50-akce level at the mehmed pasa medrese in sofya : then , as often as he sought a medrese in the he failed to [get] his desire ; and , of necessity becoming resigned to going out to the he became kadi in certain cities with 150 akce . ``

There are , after all , even larger numbers : 10 46 , for instance , is not just larger ; you must add 10 40 to itself a million times in order to obtain 10 46 What if we could somehow muster a gang of 10 46 monkeys each with its own typewriter ?
there are , after all , even larger numbers : 10 46 , for instance , is not just larger ; you must add 10 40 to itself a million times in order to [get] 10 46 what if we could somehow muster a gang of 10 46 monkeys each with its own typewriter ?

But actually one can argue that we should be worried if it turned out to be very easy for chemists to obtain life spontaneously in the test-tube .
but actually one can argue that we should be worried if it turned out to be very easy for chemists to [get] life spontaneously in the test-tube .

The eukaryotic cell was formed , perhaps 2 billion years ago , when several kinds of bacteria joined forces because of the benefits that each could obtain from the others .
the eukaryotic cell was formed , perhaps 2 billion years ago , when several kinds of bacteria joined forces because of the benefits that each could [get] from the others .

To obtain maximum benefit , any such system has to be reviewed and developed .
to [get] maximum benefit , any such system has to be reviewed and developed .

The amount of computer time needed to obtain answers to inquiries falls and with it the time that has to be paid for .
the amount of computer time needed to [get] answers to inquiries falls and with it the time that has to be paid for .

( i ) obtain a more accurate database ;
( i ) [get] a more accurate database ;

( i ) instantly providing up to date information on individual employees . This was necessary in order to provide the same level of performance as our old manual system where , in order to obtain information on an individual employee , we would simply look at an employee card which was filed in surname order within department ;
( i ) instantly providing up to date information on individual employees . this was necessary in order to provide the same level of performance as our old manual system where , in order to [get] information on an individual employee , we would simply look at an employee card which was filed in surname order within department ;

He had attempted to obtain more whisky , but was informed that the bar was now closed until five-thirty .
he had attempted to [get] more whisky , but was informed that the bar was now closed until five-thirty .

She would be Little-Miss-Never-Forgets , obtain the promised bread-soda from Mrs Geary and carry it to Aunt Tossie 's bedroom .
she would be little-miss-never-forgets , [get] the promised bread-soda from mrs geary and carry it to aunt tossie 's bedroom .

They need to be able to obtain funds quickly and easily and in return they are willing to issue IOUs such as bills or bonds which are , in effect , claims against themselves .
they need to be able to [get] funds quickly and easily and in return they are willing to issue ious such as bills or bonds which are , in effect , claims against themselves .

Deregulation , competition and the creation of new financial products have all served to make credit more attractive and easier to obtain .
deregulation , competition and the creation of new financial products have all served to make credit more attractive and easier to [get] .

These ( OFIs ) are defined as institutions which ‘ obtain , convert and distribute available funds as their main activity ’ .
these ( ofis ) are defined as institutions which ‘ [get] , convert and distribute available funds as their main activity ’ .

’ Broadly , goods are in course of transit from the time that they are delivered to an independent middleman for the purpose of transmission to the buyer , until the time that the buyer actually obtains or is entitled to obtain possession .
’ broadly , goods are in course of transit from the time that they are delivered to an independent middleman for the purpose of transmission to the buyer , until the time that the buyer actually obtains or is entitled to [get] possession .

Now , the fact that a criminal offence is committed by a trader or creditor does not confer upon the consumer any right to bring an action or obtain redress in the civil courts .
now , the fact that a criminal offence is committed by a trader or creditor does not confer upon the consumer any right to bring an action or [get] redress in the civil courts .

It is more difficult to obtain a conviction under section 14 than under other sections of the Act because the prosecution must show that the defendant either knew the statement to be false or made it recklessly , i.e .
it is more difficult to [get] a conviction under section 14 than under other sections of the act because the prosecution must show that the defendant either knew the statement to be false or made it recklessly , i.e .

You can try to obtain maintenance and/or a lump sum payment for your children and yourself .
you can try to [get] maintenance and/or a lump sum payment for your children and yourself .

It is important to see that you obtain the necessary experience .
it is important to see that you [get] the necessary experience .

In the early stages , it is advisable to obtain as broad a range of experience as possible , whereas in a more senior post , you will have the opportunity to specialise .
in the early stages , it is advisable to [get] as broad a range of experience as possible , whereas in a more senior post , you will have the opportunity to specialise .

The means test is now being set so low that only people who are unemployed or have incomes near benefit levels will be able to obtain free legal help .
the means test is now being set so low that only people who are unemployed or have incomes near benefit levels will be able to [get] free legal help .

The purpose of the Act is to ‘ establish a framework for the provision of advice , assistance and representation which is publicly funded with a view to helping persons who might otherwise be unable to obtain advice , assistance or representation on account of their means ’ .
the purpose of the act is to ‘ establish a framework for the provision of advice , assistance and representation which is publicly funded with a view to helping persons who might otherwise be unable to [get] advice , assistance or representation on account of their means ’ .

The Law Society has today urged the Lord Chancellor 's Advisory Committee on Legal Education and Conduct to reconsider its approach for allowing people to obtain grants of probate for reward under the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 .
the law society has today urged the lord chancellor 's advisory committee on legal education and conduct to reconsider its approach for allowing people to [get] grants of probate for reward under the courts and legal services act 1990 .

The client was not able to sign a green form to obtain advice as she was not in receipt of income support but has been advised to make a claim for income support since she is not receiving the maintenance .
the client was not able to sign a green form to [get] advice as she was not in receipt of income support but has been advised to make a claim for income support since she is not receiving the maintenance .

Those registered users of Word for Windows requiring the upgrade can obtain it from Microsoft for a nominal fee of £7.75inc.VAT .
those registered users of word for windows requiring the upgrade can [get] it from microsoft for a nominal fee of £7.75inc.vat .

Given that it is unobtrusive though , and it is possible to obtain a very concise response to a query , rather than having to read through quite a lot of text before finding the required information , it will at the very least save some time .
given that it is unobtrusive though , and it is possible to [get] a very concise response to a query , rather than having to read through quite a lot of text before finding the required information , it will at the very least save some time .

You can experiment with various resolutions and controls to obtain the desired result .
you can experiment with various resolutions and controls to [get] the desired result .

The Romanian guards proved much more reasonable this time because we had the foresight to obtain a permit for safe passage from the Romanian embassy in London and so we were on our way to Arad by about 5.30 pm .
the romanian guards proved much more reasonable this time because we had the foresight to [get] a permit for safe passage from the romanian embassy in london and so we were on our way to arad by about 5.30 pm .

An archmage , by dint of great effort and much expenditure of time , might eventually obtain a small staff made from the timber of the sapient peartree .
an archmage , by dint of great effort and much expenditure of time , might eventually [get] a small staff made from the timber of the sapient peartree .

By now he and Twoflower were on horseback — mounts had n't been that hard to obtain .
by now he and twoflower were on horseback — mounts had n't been that hard to [get] .

That was a shame , because Twoflower might have been able to obtain pictures unusual even by discworld standards .
that was a shame , because twoflower might have been able to [get] pictures unusual even by discworld standards .

Now , as the taxi proceeded on its uninterrupted journey beneath a blue veil of a sky flocked with white clouds , she felt her natural curiosity nudged into wakefulness , and leaned forward to obtain a better view of the wide tree-lined road with its four carriageways for motor traffic and its two bicycle lanes , intrigued despite her earlier uninterest .
now , as the taxi proceeded on its uninterrupted journey beneath a blue veil of a sky flocked with white clouds , she felt her natural curiosity nudged into wakefulness , and leaned forward to [get] a better view of the wide tree-lined road with its four carriageways for motor traffic and its two bicycle lanes , intrigued despite her earlier uninterest .

And how could one such as she obtain such information ?
and how could one such as she [get] such information ?

From the definition of φ 2 we obtain , hence which is the van Laar expression derived for regular solutions and shows that this approach can be applied to polymer systems .
from the definition of φ 2 we [get] , hence which is the van laar expression derived for regular solutions and shows that this approach can be applied to polymer systems .

Even in dilute solutions molecular interference is likely to occur and η sp is extrapolated to zero concentration to obtain a measure of the influence of an isolated polymer coil .
even in dilute solutions molecular interference is likely to occur and η sp is extrapolated to zero concentration to [get] a measure of the influence of an isolated polymer coil .

If these restrictions to free movement are reduced and a polymer is allowed to crystallize from a dilute solution , it is possible to obtain well-defined single crystals .
if these restrictions to free movement are reduced and a polymer is allowed to crystallize from a dilute solution , it is possible to [get] well-defined single crystals .

From the data obtain at a number of air-monitoring stations , Lin produced a table of counts in the form shown in Table 6.3 .
from the data [get] at a number of air-monitoring stations , lin produced a table of counts in the form shown in table 6.3 .

Aditional information can lead to better odds and bigger returns but if the information costs more to obtain than the increase in returns the result is a net loss .
aditional information can lead to better odds and bigger returns but if the information costs more to [get] than the increase in returns the result is a net loss .

Obtain special technology in an open market .
[get] special technology in an open market .

Obtain better prices .
[get] better prices .

We planned and performed our audit so as to obtain all the information and explanations which we considered necessary in order to provide us with sufficient evidence to give reasonable assurance that the accounts are free from material misstatement , whether caused by fraud or other irregularity or error .
we planned and performed our audit so as to [get] all the information and explanations which we considered necessary in order to provide us with sufficient evidence to give reasonable assurance that the accounts are free from material misstatement , whether caused by fraud or other irregularity or error .

We can help you find information and obtain materials from elsewhere whether books , journal articles or research reports .
we can help you find information and [get] materials from elsewhere whether books , journal articles or research reports .

He was leaving behind ideas of training as a test pilot , which he had kept in mind as a second choice of career , although doubting that he would obtain the necessary academic qualifications .
he was leaving behind ideas of training as a test pilot , which he had kept in mind as a second choice of career , although doubting that he would [get] the necessary academic qualifications .

Altogether , during the outward voyage and the return passage around Cape Horn , Gould , as he described in his introduction to the Birds of Australia , ‘ was enabled to obtain nearly forty species of petrel , being the finest collection of Procellaridae ever brought together ’ , as well as examining and preserving numerous other species that came by chance to hand .
altogether , during the outward voyage and the return passage around cape horn , gould , as he described in his introduction to the birds of australia , ‘ was enabled to [get] nearly forty species of petrel , being the finest collection of procellaridae ever brought together ’ , as well as examining and preserving numerous other species that came by chance to hand .

Lowe stripped to swim , and getting on the trunk of an uprooted tree , hoped to be carried down the eddying flood to some part where he could obtain assistance .
lowe stripped to swim , and getting on the trunk of an uprooted tree , hoped to be carried down the eddying flood to some part where he could [get] assistance .

Students who could not attend were able to obtain the examiners ' notes , which highlighted the main points of each talk .
students who could not attend were able to [get] the examiners ' notes , which highlighted the main points of each talk .

Similarly ( and this is a point we develop in later chapters ) ‘ there is little opportunity for the individual to obtain a conception of the whole or to survey his place in the total scheme ’ .
similarly ( and this is a point we develop in later chapters ) ‘ there is little opportunity for the individual to [get] a conception of the whole or to survey his place in the total scheme ’ .

Furthermore , home ownership is a key way in which people obtain such security .
furthermore , home ownership is a key way in which people [get] such security .

Those in public and privately rented housing do not obtain the same sense of personal identity .
those in public and privately rented housing do not [get] the same sense of personal identity .

It is possible to obtain forms on which to specify all the elements of the data analysis process .
it is possible to [get] forms on which to specify all the elements of the data analysis process .

Retrieval requirements may necessitate a combination of operations in order to obtain the desired result .
retrieval requirements may necessitate a combination of operations in order to [get] the desired result .

Similarly , the Leader of the Party in the House of Lords and the Chief Whip in the House of Lords will make such arrangements as appropriate to obtain the views of peers in receipt of the Conservative whip .
similarly , the leader of the party in the house of lords and the chief whip in the house of lords will make such arrangements as appropriate to [get] the views of peers in receipt of the conservative whip .

In order that all sections of the Party shall be consulted , area chairmen of the National Union will obtain the opinions of constituency associations , through their chairmen , and report their findings to the chairman of the National Union and the chairman of the Executive of the National Union .
in order that all sections of the party shall be consulted , area chairmen of the national union will [get] the opinions of constituency associations , through their chairmen , and report their findings to the chairman of the national union and the chairman of the executive of the national union .

The Conservatives might seem to have a legitimate claim as the largest single party ; but they had failed to obtain a mandate for Protection .
the conservatives might seem to have a legitimate claim as the largest single party ; but they had failed to [get] a mandate for protection .

Neither the Conservatives nor Labour , therefore , had a chance of retaining or obtaining office unless they abandoned for the time being the principal position which they fought the election to obtain .
neither the conservatives nor labour , therefore , had a chance of retaining or obtaining office unless they abandoned for the time being the principal position which they fought the election to [get] .

The familiar modern terminology was already in use : `` bull `` already described a dealer who bought stock and sold it ahead of having to pay for it , while `` bear `` applied to those who contracted to sell stock they had yet to obtain .
the familiar modern terminology was already in use : `` bull `` already described a dealer who bought stock and sold it ahead of having to pay for it , while `` bear `` applied to those who contracted to sell stock they had yet to [get] .

If you are handy yourself , can employ a good carpenter , or go to a custom cabinet maker , you can make or obtain literally any size or type of unit to fit the most awkward spaces .
if you are handy yourself , can employ a good carpenter , or go to a custom cabinet maker , you can make or [get] literally any size or type of unit to fit the most awkward spaces .

My chairman knows more than anyone how difficult it is to obtain good quality samples of natural conversational data .
my chairman knows more than anyone how difficult it is to [get] good quality samples of natural conversational data .

We can obtain acoustic quality at the expense of naturalness , and vice versa — but getting both together … To approach someone with a microphone and an innocent smile , asking for ‘ some natural conversational English , if you would be so kind ’ , guarantees the acoustic quality but hardly the linguistic content .
we can [get] acoustic quality at the expense of naturalness , and vice versa — but getting both together … to approach someone with a microphone and an innocent smile , asking for ‘ some natural conversational english , if you would be so kind ’ , guarantees the acoustic quality but hardly the linguistic content .

Finally we can obtain an estimate of the yield There are other , similar measures with slightly different definitions , but the aim is still to estimate the same quantities .
finally we can [get] an estimate of the yield there are other , similar measures with slightly different definitions , but the aim is still to estimate the same quantities .

The Milton radiometer was used to obtain readings in two environments .
the milton radiometer was used to [get] readings in two environments .

The objectives were to obtain some feeling for this environment , and also to compare the readings at various angles of view .
the objectives were to [get] some feeling for this environment , and also to compare the readings at various angles of view .

Option 2 is to obtain an approximate indication of the edges of the rectangular area viewed by the camera . Selection is followed by the message
option 2 is to [get] an approximate indication of the edges of the rectangular area viewed by the camera . selection is followed by the message

The current function calls this twice to obtain expsrL and expsrH and defines the ‘ good ’ exposure as a suitable point between them .
the current function calls this twice to [get] expsrl and expsrh and defines the ‘ good ’ exposure as a suitable point between them .

For the initial tests trace statements were inserted to obtain the pixel counts for each of the range of exposures used to compute the two bounds .
for the initial tests trace statements were inserted to [get] the pixel counts for each of the range of exposures used to compute the two bounds .

Triggering of the various traps in the program occurred with surprising frequency and it was difficult to obtain an exposure value .
triggering of the various traps in the program occurred with surprising frequency and it was difficult to [get] an exposure value .

To examine the possibility that the calculations and checks used to obtain the measure were a waste of effort or even erroneous , graphs were plotted of simultaneously obtained measures and ( scaled ) pixel counts .
to examine the possibility that the calculations and checks used to [get] the measure were a waste of effort or even erroneous , graphs were plotted of simultaneously obtained measures and ( scaled ) pixel counts .

As has been said , a decision was made to abandon high-order averaging by the instrument so as to obtain a full record of the variations in measurement .
as has been said , a decision was made to abandon high-order averaging by the instrument so as to [get] a full record of the variations in measurement .

If private certification firms are in business to earn profits , which they do by charging firms for a certificate attesting the quality or safety of a product , which then allows firms to sell more of the product at any given price , will not firms have an incentive to bribe the certifier to obtain the certificate ?
if private certification firms are in business to earn profits , which they do by charging firms for a certificate attesting the quality or safety of a product , which then allows firms to sell more of the product at any given price , will not firms have an incentive to bribe the certifier to [get] the certificate ?

Similarly , firms may devote large quantities of resources trying to influence the government in order to obtain favourable judgements which will enhance or preserve their monopoly power .
similarly , firms may devote large quantities of resources trying to influence the government in order to [get] favourable judgements which will enhance or preserve their monopoly power .

This in turn would require a corpus larger than the Brown to provide sufficient examples and considerable effort to obtain the parses .
this in turn would require a corpus larger than the brown to provide sufficient examples and considerable effort to [get] the parses .

More recently use has been made of machine readable dictionaries and thesauri to obtain semantically-based groupings of words ( e.g .
more recently use has been made of machine readable dictionaries and thesauri to [get] semantically-based groupings of words ( e.g .

The morphological system can require a long time to obtain the syntactic information for a word .
the morphological system can require a long time to [get] the syntactic information for a word .

Before accessing the information for a word , it is necessary to first know what word to obtain information for .
before accessing the information for a word , it is necessary to first know what word to [get] information for .

The aim is to obtain a model that is simple to apply , and has an acceptable error rate .
the aim is to [get] a model that is simple to apply , and has an acceptable error rate .

McAllister had gone out , but only to speak to Rose , who had managed to obtain a new post as a maid-of-all-work , and , her half-day off also being Wednesday , had come to ask McAllister to go up West with her again .
mcallister had gone out , but only to speak to rose , who had managed to [get] a new post as a maid-of-all-work , and , her half-day off also being wednesday , had come to ask mcallister to go up west with her again .

Nobody can ever detail all the trickery , kidnapping and war that took place to obtain those captives .
nobody can ever detail all the trickery , kidnapping and war that took place to [get] those captives .

The Ekeko 's fair is where dreams and wishes are sold , where even the city 's poorest inhabitants can buy , in miniature , what they hope to obtain in real life during the course of the coming year .
the ekeko 's fair is where dreams and wishes are sold , where even the city 's poorest inhabitants can buy , in miniature , what they hope to [get] in real life during the course of the coming year .

In the Philippines , where the Catholic Church makes contraception unacceptable or difficult to obtain , marriage is delayed , on average , until the woman is aged 24.5 .
in the philippines , where the catholic church makes contraception unacceptable or difficult to [get] , marriage is delayed , on average , until the woman is aged 24.5 .

In Bombay alone , it is estimated that up to $ 10 million a year may change hands as agents like Selvam match up impoverished donors , willing to exchange a kidney for cash , with wealthy patients who can not obtain one by any other means .
in bombay alone , it is estimated that up to $ 10 million a year may change hands as agents like selvam match up impoverished donors , willing to exchange a kidney for cash , with wealthy patients who can not [get] one by any other means .

To obtain a loan , applicants must belong to a professional or trade group of 15 people .
to [get] a loan , applicants must belong to a professional or trade group of 15 people .

Friend the Member for Norfolk , North ( Mr. Howell ) spoke recently on the radio about his idea of paying , say , £100 a week to people joining a community task force , enabling them to obtain work experience and contribute to society , which does not simply mean filling in holes in the road but involves going in for a range of useful activities , from working on environmental improvements to caring for the vulnerable in society .
friend the member for norfolk , north ( mr. howell ) spoke recently on the radio about his idea of paying , say , £100 a week to people joining a community task force , enabling them to [get] work experience and contribute to society , which does not simply mean filling in holes in the road but involves going in for a range of useful activities , from working on environmental improvements to caring for the vulnerable in society .

They would obtain that more readily if they were involved in some sort of community task force .
they would [get] that more readily if they were involved in some sort of community task force .

It should be possible to obtain a compromise which is effective in the legislation and which says , in effect , ’ There will be some crossings which are so rarely used that people are not inconvenienced by their closure .
it should be possible to [get] a compromise which is effective in the legislation and which says , in effect , ’ there will be some crossings which are so rarely used that people are not inconvenienced by their closure .

There was no mention of a restriction on the cost or repayment that a practice could obtain .
there was no mention of a restriction on the cost or repayment that a practice could [get] .

We know that legislation alone can not provide a remedy , but it can make convictions easier to obtain .
we know that legislation alone can not provide a remedy , but it can make convictions easier to [get] .

In other words , the rates that the Government lay down are such that one must be extraordinarily lucky in Bromley and many other places to obtain a place near one 's home .
in other words , the rates that the government lay down are such that one must be extraordinarily lucky in bromley and many other places to [get] a place near one 's home .

We were delighted yesterday to obtain the agreement of the manufacturers to concentrate on these three key areas .
we were delighted yesterday to [get] the agreement of the manufacturers to concentrate on these three key areas .

What use is that if people have no money to telephone ? If they are fortunate to have enough money , where are they to find out that that helpline exists and obtain the numbers ?
what use is that if people have no money to telephone ? if they are fortunate to have enough money , where are they to find out that that helpline exists and [get] the numbers ?

It is clearly in the interests of the Royal Navy and of the taxpayer that there should be competitive tendering to obtain the lowest price .
it is clearly in the interests of the royal navy and of the taxpayer that there should be competitive tendering to [get] the lowest price .

However , one still hears all sorts of rumours to the effect that it is possible for others to obtain information , yet one or two of my constituents found it difficult to obtain information about the identity of a car owner involved in an accident .
however , one still hears all sorts of rumours to the effect that it is possible for others to [get] information , yet one or two of my constituents found it difficult to [get] information about the identity of a car owner involved in an accident .

In seconds police officers can obtain details of a stolen car or a wanted person , and establish whether an offender has previous convictions for serious crimes .
in seconds police officers can [get] details of a stolen car or a wanted person , and establish whether an offender has previous convictions for serious crimes .

We shall need athletic Parliamentary Private Secretaries to obtain the answers to all my questions .
we shall need athletic parliamentary private secretaries to [get] the answers to all my questions .

Friend seemed to say that it was too easy to obtain the certificates , and that they were handed out with packets of cereal or like confetti .
friend seemed to say that it was too easy to [get] the certificates , and that they were handed out with packets of cereal or like confetti .

Gentleman then implied that it was difficult for people to obtain certificates because of the cost of obtaining the qualifications .
gentleman then implied that it was difficult for people to [get] certificates because of the cost of obtaining the qualifications .

With a view to improving the security of all occupations , does the Secretary of State agree that there is an urgent need to aim for a common sentencing policy throughout the United Kingdom ? Given the reluctance of some courts to convict on forensic evidence and the fact that terrorists do not usually leave a signed visiting card at the scene of the crime , will it not become more and more difficult to obtain convictions ?
with a view to improving the security of all occupations , does the secretary of state agree that there is an urgent need to aim for a common sentencing policy throughout the united kingdom ? given the reluctance of some courts to convict on forensic evidence and the fact that terrorists do not usually leave a signed visiting card at the scene of the crime , will it not become more and more difficult to [get] convictions ?

As the right hon. Gentleman referred to action in the Security Council , and in the light of the fall of Vukovar and the continuing horrendous threat to Dubrovnik , will he seek to obtain agreement for a Security Council resolution imposing comprehensive sanctions , including an international oil ban , on the whole area , as a way of exerting pressure to bring the fighting to an end ?
as the right hon. gentleman referred to action in the security council , and in the light of the fall of vukovar and the continuing horrendous threat to dubrovnik , will he seek to [get] agreement for a security council resolution imposing comprehensive sanctions , including an international oil ban , on the whole area , as a way of exerting pressure to bring the fighting to an end ?

What action will the Government take to ensure that home workers obtain well-paid , reasonable employment — or does the Minister intend to revel in the Christmas season while home workers can not afford to do so ?
what action will the government take to ensure that home workers [get] well-paid , reasonable employment — or does the minister intend to revel in the christmas season while home workers can not afford to do so ?

Some authorities obtain good results at much lower cost than others .
some authorities [get] good results at much lower cost than others .

Is the Minister aware that there are now thousands of people waiting for home improvement grants , some of whom applied before 1984 ? Why does the Minister refuse to meet Edinburgh district council and other councils to discuss the crisis ? Is not he aware that thousands of people 's property will deteriorate unless grants are forthcoming ? Why is the Scottish Office so feeble that it is not prepared to go to the Treasury to obtain the funds needed to complete the improvement scheme once and for all ?
is the minister aware that there are now thousands of people waiting for home improvement grants , some of whom applied before 1984 ? why does the minister refuse to meet edinburgh district council and other councils to discuss the crisis ? is not he aware that thousands of people 's property will deteriorate unless grants are forthcoming ? why is the scottish office so feeble that it is not prepared to go to the treasury to [get] the funds needed to complete the improvement scheme once and for all ?

We are in negotiations with the local authority for planning permission , and we hope to obtain it for housing on some of that land .
we are in negotiations with the local authority for planning permission , and we hope to [get] it for housing on some of that land .

Does the Minister agree that to resolve the problem it is very important to engage those countries in the United Nations and that as Byelorussia and Ukraine are already members of the United Nations it becomes imperative — in view of his earlier answer about Russia remaining a nuclear power — for them to obtain membership of the United Nations and of the Security Council in their own right ?
does the minister agree that to resolve the problem it is very important to engage those countries in the united nations and that as byelorussia and ukraine are already members of the united nations it becomes imperative — in view of his earlier answer about russia remaining a nuclear power — for them to [get] membership of the united nations and of the security council in their own right ?

We pay tribute to the action of the Commonwealth in assisting Zambia to obtain a peaceful outcome to its elections .
we pay tribute to the action of the commonwealth in assisting zambia to [get] a peaceful outcome to its elections .

To ask the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry what steps he intends to take to ensure that British firms are able to obtain political risk insurance with speed and on terms that enable them to compete on equal terms with their international competitors .
to ask the secretary of state for trade and industry what steps he intends to take to ensure that british firms are able to [get] political risk insurance with speed and on terms that enable them to compete on equal terms with their international competitors .

As the Lord President will be aware , visitors to Wales are always given a warm welcome and a nice cup of tea , but coachloads of my constituents visiting the Houses of Parliament are cold-shouldered and can not obtain refreshments anywhere .
as the lord president will be aware , visitors to wales are always given a warm welcome and a nice cup of tea , but coachloads of my constituents visiting the houses of parliament are cold-shouldered and can not [get] refreshments anywhere .

Is the Minister aware that the Government are cramming more and more university students into the same buildings as a consequence of the fact that they are trying to have people obtain degrees on the cheap ? Does he realise that , for example , in University college , Cardiff it is proposed to put an extra 1,000 students into the humanities building over the next three years ? Does not he realise that there is a serious danger of recreating the student ferment of 1969 ? This time , however , it will not be about the great philosophical issues of class warfare and who should run the world ; it will be simply about where students can sit to hear a lecture .
is the minister aware that the government are cramming more and more university students into the same buildings as a consequence of the fact that they are trying to have people [get] degrees on the cheap ? does he realise that , for example , in university college , cardiff it is proposed to put an extra 1,000 students into the humanities building over the next three years ? does not he realise that there is a serious danger of recreating the student ferment of 1969 ? this time , however , it will not be about the great philosophical issues of class warfare and who should run the world ; it will be simply about where students can sit to hear a lecture .

Can he confirm whether he will use his immense powers of persuasion to try to obtain a manifesto commitment to a national lottery ?
can he confirm whether he will use his immense powers of persuasion to try to [get] a manifesto commitment to a national lottery ?

Does my right hon. Friend accept that his contact with the Housing Corporation must be the best way forward and can be usefully developed ? Will he further accept that service men are looking for the opportunity to obtain a rung on the ownership ladder and that the Housing Corporation and its satellite housing associations can most assuredly provide that ? Is my right hon. Friend confident that nationwide assistance will be available to enable those excellent people to be rehabilitated in our community ?
does my right hon. friend accept that his contact with the housing corporation must be the best way forward and can be usefully developed ? will he further accept that service men are looking for the opportunity to [get] a rung on the ownership ladder and that the housing corporation and its satellite housing associations can most assuredly provide that ? is my right hon. friend confident that nationwide assistance will be available to enable those excellent people to be rehabilitated in our community ?

Of course they would not ; they are dumped prices as a result of support , and they would not obtain .
of course they would not ; they are dumped prices as a result of support , and they would not [get] .

To ask the Secretary of State for Social Security if he will revise the state earnings-related pension scheme to make higher pensions available for those people made redundant in their late 50s who are unlikely to obtain another job .
to ask the secretary of state for social security if he will revise the state earnings-related pension scheme to make higher pensions available for those people made redundant in their late 50s who are unlikely to [get] another job .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the best method for underpinning democracy is through economic stability ? Has she seen the great efforts being made this year to obtain private inward investment into southern Africa in the form of conferences and other initiatives ? Will she give all such initiatives her fullest support ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the best method for underpinning democracy is through economic stability ? has she seen the great efforts being made this year to [get] private inward investment into southern africa in the form of conferences and other initiatives ? will she give all such initiatives her fullest support ?

Will the Minister explain why European companies can apparently provide their workers with better conditions in terms of hours and minimum wages than this country 's employers ? Why is it that European companies do not regard looking after their workers well in terms of hours and wages as destroying competitiveness , but instead see it as a way to obtain good work from their workers ? Why is that ?
will the minister explain why european companies can apparently provide their workers with better conditions in terms of hours and minimum wages than this country 's employers ? why is it that european companies do not regard looking after their workers well in terms of hours and wages as destroying competitiveness , but instead see it as a way to [get] good work from their workers ? why is that ?

That is fundamental to the needs of our economy in the years ahead ; fundamental to the prospects for unemployed people ; and fundamental also to the creation of opportunities for our people not only to obtain work , to have and to hold down a job , but to obtain work and jobs which give them satisfaction , which are truly rewarding and which enable them to fulfil their potential to the greatest possible extent .
that is fundamental to the needs of our economy in the years ahead ; fundamental to the prospects for unemployed people ; and fundamental also to the creation of opportunities for our people not only to [get] work , to have and to hold down a job , but to [get] work and jobs which give them satisfaction , which are truly rewarding and which enable them to fulfil their potential to the greatest possible extent .

Will the Secretary of State send a message to those Rolls-Royce apprentices who will soon complete their training at what once was one of Britain 's best motor car factories , but who will be unable to obtain employment in that factory or in any Rolls-Royce subsidiary ? What does the right hon. and learned Gentleman suggest that those apprentices should do with the training to which they committed a lot of their time ?
will the secretary of state send a message to those rolls-royce apprentices who will soon complete their training at what once was one of britain 's best motor car factories , but who will be unable to [get] employment in that factory or in any rolls-royce subsidiary ? what does the right hon. and learned gentleman suggest that those apprentices should do with the training to which they committed a lot of their time ?

It is a matter of deep concern to many small businesses — it is killing some of the most enterprising small firms — that they are not able to obtain proper payment of debt , often from larger and better-funded institutions than themselves .
it is a matter of deep concern to many small businesses — it is killing some of the most enterprising small firms — that they are not able to [get] proper payment of debt , often from larger and better-funded institutions than themselves .

It is difficult for Somali refugees to obtain employment .
it is difficult for somali refugees to [get] employment .

The annual report of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration criticised the system whereby claimants had to go through a cumbersome late appeals procedure to obtain the full arrears benefit to which they were rightfully entitled where those exceeded the statutory 12-month limit .
the annual report of the parliamentary commissioner for administration criticised the system whereby claimants had to go through a cumbersome late appeals procedure to [get] the full arrears benefit to which they were rightfully entitled where those exceeded the statutory 12-month limit .

It implies a great degree of uncertainty , but equally it presents a challenge to the management of British Coal to fight for every ounce of viable business that it can obtain .
it implies a great degree of uncertainty , but equally it presents a challenge to the management of british coal to fight for every ounce of viable business that it can [get] .

Is the Minister confident that the counselling services offered to someone in such circumstances are of the highest quality ? Does it equal the counselling that a woman can obtain in Scotland , England , Wales , or indeed Ulster ? Is the Minister confident that medical officers carry out only one examination in each case , and is it conducted in a highly skilled and compassionate manner ?
is the minister confident that the counselling services offered to someone in such circumstances are of the highest quality ? does it equal the counselling that a woman can [get] in scotland , england , wales , or indeed ulster ? is the minister confident that medical officers carry out only one examination in each case , and is it conducted in a highly skilled and compassionate manner ?

To allow it to maintain the 300 nuclear weapons that it is currently estimated to hold — including 100 tactical weapons — can only provoke and encourage the Arab states ' determination to obtain nuclear arsenals .
to allow it to maintain the 300 nuclear weapons that it is currently estimated to hold — including 100 tactical weapons — can only provoke and encourage the arab states ' determination to [get] nuclear arsenals .

The Social Secretary was encouraged by fellow members of the preservation group to obtain sponsorship for the group 's funds and succeeded in raising an amount which , when all payments are collected , should exceed £40 .
the social secretary was encouraged by fellow members of the preservation group to [get] sponsorship for the group 's funds and succeeded in raising an amount which , when all payments are collected , should exceed £40 .

Greenblatt 's project is to understand how works of art obtain and amplify powerful social energies .
greenblatt 's project is to understand how works of art [get] and amplify powerful social energies .

The recipient might become worried if successive letters then come threatening that action will be taken to obtain the price from him .
the recipient might become worried if successive letters then come threatening that action will be taken to [get] the price from him .

Contrary to common belief , the buyer 's right to obtain possession of the goods does not depend upon him being the owner .
contrary to common belief , the buyer 's right to [get] possession of the goods does not depend upon him being the owner .

If the terms are such as to leave the seller free , if he should wish to do so , to obtain more wine of the same description for delivery to the buyer , then the contract goods have not been identified and agreed upon at the date of the contract and the contract is not one for the sale of specific goods , Re London Wine Co .
if the terms are such as to leave the seller free , if he should wish to do so , to [get] more wine of the same description for delivery to the buyer , then the contract goods have not been identified and agreed upon at the date of the contract and the contract is not one for the sale of specific goods , re london wine co .

An estoppel is raised when the original owner by his statements or conduct leads the innocent purchaser to believe that the unauthorised seller in fact has the right to sell the goods . More accurately , for the innocent purchaser to obtain a good title by estoppel , all the following requirements must be fulfilled :
an estoppel is raised when the original owner by his statements or conduct leads the innocent purchaser to believe that the unauthorised seller in fact has the right to sell the goods . more accurately , for the innocent purchaser to [get] a good title by estoppel , all the following requirements must be fulfilled :

Thus he will obtain good title if , and when , according to the terms of his contract of purchase , property in the goods is to pass to him .
thus he will [get] good title if , and when , according to the terms of his contract of purchase , property in the goods is to pass to him .

There are certain requirements to be complied with in order for a purchaser to obtain a better title than the seller :
there are certain requirements to be complied with in order for a purchaser to [get] a better title than the seller :

If after expiry of the notice the goods remain uncollected and the right of the sale is duly exercised , the purchaser will obtain good title as against the bailor .
if after expiry of the notice the goods remain uncollected and the right of the sale is duly exercised , the purchaser will [get] good title as against the bailor .

If the buyer does obtain ownership , then he does not suffer a total failure of consideration .
if the buyer does [get] ownership , then he does not suffer a total failure of consideration .

Section 12 ( 3 ) applies to a contract where it appears from the contract or is to be inferred from the circumstances that the parties intended that the seller should transfer only a limited title ( whether it be the limited title of the seller himself or of some third person from whom the seller would obtain it ) .
section 12 ( 3 ) applies to a contract where it appears from the contract or is to be inferred from the circumstances that the parties intended that the seller should transfer only a limited title ( whether it be the limited title of the seller himself or of some third person from whom the seller would [get] it ) .

In my railway days , if you wanted a Privilege Ticket , you filled in a form to obtain a form , filled in by a clerk , which you presented to a booking clerk .
in my railway days , if you wanted a privilege ticket , you filled in a form to [get] a form , filled in by a clerk , which you presented to a booking clerk .

To obtain the artifacts back from York we have to submit a list of the items deposited at York .
to [get] the artifacts back from york we have to submit a list of the items deposited at york .

The normal price for any given daily supply of fish , which we are now seeking , is the price which will quickly call into the fishing trade capital and labour enough to obtain that supply in a day 's fishing of average good fortune ; the influence which the price of fish will have upon capital and labour available in the fishing trade being governed by rather narrow causes such as these .
the normal price for any given daily supply of fish , which we are now seeking , is the price which will quickly call into the fishing trade capital and labour enough to [get] that supply in a day 's fishing of average good fortune ; the influence which the price of fish will have upon capital and labour available in the fishing trade being governed by rather narrow causes such as these .

This is because people can obtain the non-excludable benefits of public goods without paying for them .
this is because people can [get] the non-excludable benefits of public goods without paying for them .

These entrepreneurs will communicate to the other market participants the market information which these other participants are themselves unable to obtain .
these entrepreneurs will communicate to the other market participants the market information which these other participants are themselves unable to [get] .

He may simply be an entrepreneur who perceives the opportunity to buy resources at a total cost lower than the revenue he can obtain from the sale of output .
he may simply be an entrepreneur who perceives the opportunity to buy resources at a total cost lower than the revenue he can [get] from the sale of output .

After some months of training , a last-minute panic to obtain a working tandem , and indeed a first ever tandem ride the night before the event , we managed to complete the course .
after some months of training , a last-minute panic to [get] a working tandem , and indeed a first ever tandem ride the night before the event , we managed to complete the course .

Components of variance are needed to obtain efficient estimates of mean effects ; to provide valid estimates of standard errors ; and to identify the magnitude of sources of variation in surveys .
components of variance are needed to [get] efficient estimates of mean effects ; to provide valid estimates of standard errors ; and to identify the magnitude of sources of variation in surveys .

The research is designed to obtain detailed information on the behaviour and attitudes of drivers when overtaking .
the research is designed to [get] detailed information on the behaviour and attitudes of drivers when overtaking .

Although these types of theory are mutually incompatible , both regularly obtain empirical support in experiments by different researchers .
although these types of theory are mutually incompatible , both regularly [get] empirical support in experiments by different researchers .

Substantial proportions of 16 year-olds join the Youth Training Scheme ; about half of those leaving schemes obtain employment .
substantial proportions of 16 year-olds join the youth training scheme ; about half of those leaving schemes [get] employment .

Could a man feign desire to obtain the information he wanted ?
could a man feign desire to [get] the information he wanted ?

Ellen 's father , Jack , had greeted his daughter with the testily expressed hope that she had not left the safe position at the royal castle that he had gone to considerable trouble to obtain for her .
ellen 's father , jack , had greeted his daughter with the testily expressed hope that she had not left the safe position at the royal castle that he had gone to considerable trouble to [get] for her .

From the production and factor supply equations , we obtain the basic growth equation .
from the production and factor supply equations , we [get] the basic growth equation .

If we now differentiate the steady-state growth condition ( 8–54 ) , and the government revenue constraint , evaluating at we obtain : and .
if we now differentiate the steady-state growth condition ( 8–54 ) , and the government revenue constraint , evaluating at we [get] : and .

To obtain such information is costly and there are people or groups with an incentive to provide only partial or distorted information .
to [get] such information is costly and there are people or groups with an incentive to provide only partial or distorted information .

In particular , how does the voter obtain information about the likely performance of the parties , and what determines whether or not he votes ?
in particular , how does the voter [get] information about the likely performance of the parties , and what determines whether or not he votes ?

On the other hand , the latter may require enough ‘ slack ’ in the political system to allow vested interests to obtain a return for their investment , implying that certain decisions may be contrary to the national interest .
on the other hand , the latter may require enough ‘ slack ’ in the political system to allow vested interests to [get] a return for their investment , implying that certain decisions may be contrary to the national interest .

In the market , shareholders in one automobile firm can observe the profitability of the competitors to obtain at least a rough idea about the managerial quality of the given firm .
in the market , shareholders in one automobile firm can observe the profitability of the competitors to [get] at least a rough idea about the managerial quality of the given firm .

Our constituents look to us to obtain redress ; if the only satisfaction that we can give them is to say that the matter is out of our hands , it will not be long before they begin to wonder why they voted for us at all .
our constituents look to us to [get] redress ; if the only satisfaction that we can give them is to say that the matter is out of our hands , it will not be long before they begin to wonder why they voted for us at all .

One other implication of the rational expectations hypothesis is apparent from an examination of equation ( 3.1 ) . Because the term is uncorrelated with the forecast error , v t ( if they were correlated superior forecasts could be obtained , thus violating the rational expectations hypothesis ) , if we rewrite equation ( 3.1 ) as : and take the variance of both sides of the equation , we obtain :
one other implication of the rational expectations hypothesis is apparent from an examination of equation ( 3.1 ) . because the term is uncorrelated with the forecast error , v t ( if they were correlated superior forecasts could be obtained , thus violating the rational expectations hypothesis ) , if we rewrite equation ( 3.1 ) as : and take the variance of both sides of the equation , we [get] :

Substituting this expression for into the consumption expenditure equation ( 3.6 ) we obtain :
substituting this expression for into the consumption expenditure equation ( 3.6 ) we [get] :

It is clear from equations ( 3.14 ) and ( 3.16 ) that we could employ a two-stage procedure to obtain estimators of α t , α t and the 's , which are ‘ consistent ’ in the formal statistical sense .
it is clear from equations ( 3.14 ) and ( 3.16 ) that we could employ a two-stage procedure to [get] estimators of α t , α t and the 's , which are ‘ consistent ’ in the formal statistical sense .

Combining equations ( 3.27 ) and ( 3.28 ) we obtain the speculative efficiency hypothesis as :
combining equations ( 3.27 ) and ( 3.28 ) we [get] the speculative efficiency hypothesis as :

If s and f are both on a strong upward ( or downward ) trend , it may be difficult to obtain true estimates of the parameters α and β .
if s and f are both on a strong upward ( or downward ) trend , it may be difficult to [get] true estimates of the parameters α and β .

These expressions enable us to obtain the expectations on the right-hand side of equation ( 3.44 ) .
these expressions enable us to [get] the expectations on the right-hand side of equation ( 3.44 ) .

Carrying out similar substitutions to the ones that led to equations ( 3.45 ) we obtain :
carrying out similar substitutions to the ones that led to equations ( 3.45 ) we [get] :

He suggests that we first obtain estimates of α and β , say and , from an ordinary least-squares regression of equation ( 3.49a ) .
he suggests that we first [get] estimates of α and β , say and , from an ordinary least-squares regression of equation ( 3.49a ) .

We then set γ and δ on the right-hand side of equations ( 3.50 ) to zero and obtain :
we then set γ and δ on the right-hand side of equations ( 3.50 ) to zero and [get] :

The result , which we obtain there , is that in general it will be rational for agents to infer from an own price higher than initially expected that there have been both positive aggregate and positive relative demand shocks .
the result , which we [get] there , is that in general it will be rational for agents to infer from an own price higher than initially expected that there have been both positive aggregate and positive relative demand shocks .

By lagging equation ( 4.16 ) we obtain the expression for as
by lagging equation ( 4.16 ) we [get] the expression for as

Substituting equations ( 5.11 ) and ( 5.12 ) into equation ( 5.5 ) , and setting the result identically equal to equation ( 5.6 ) , allows us to solve for the π 's and obtain the following solution for output in the th market , :
substituting equations ( 5.11 ) and ( 5.12 ) into equation ( 5.5 ) , and setting the result identically equal to equation ( 5.6 ) , allows us to solve for the π 's and [get] the following solution for output in the th market , :

Then , following the procedure outlined above , and using equation ( 5.7a ) rather than equation ( 5.7 ) to obtain expressions for we can derive the following :
then , following the procedure outlined above , and using equation ( 5.7a ) rather than equation ( 5.7 ) to [get] expressions for we can derive the following :

Furthermore , of course , if the government did possess an important informational advantage there would be a strong incentive for the private sector to obtain the same information , so one might expect the advantage to be gradually eroded .
furthermore , of course , if the government did possess an important informational advantage there would be a strong incentive for the private sector to [get] the same information , so one might expect the advantage to be gradually eroded .

Substituting these expressions for the respective expectations terms and using the technique of undetermined coefficients , we obtain : and hence ,
substituting these expressions for the respective expectations terms and using the technique of undetermined coefficients , we [get] : and hence ,

Setting aggregate demand ( equation ( 5.31 ) ) equal to aggregate supply ( equation ( 5.30 ) ) and solving for the price level we obtain
setting aggregate demand ( equation ( 5.31 ) ) equal to aggregate supply ( equation ( 5.30 ) ) and solving for the price level we [get]

Setting aggregate supply ( equation ( 5.38 ) ) equal to aggregate demand ( equation ( 5.31 ) ) we obtain an expression for the price level :
setting aggregate supply ( equation ( 5.38 ) ) equal to aggregate demand ( equation ( 5.31 ) ) we [get] an expression for the price level :

Of course , this is not a solution as there are expectation terms to be solved on the right-hand side . To solve these terms , by taking expectations of equation ( 5.39 ) conditional on information dated t - 2 we obtain : and by taking expectations conditional on information dated t - 1 we obtain :
of course , this is not a solution as there are expectation terms to be solved on the right-hand side . to solve these terms , by taking expectations of equation ( 5.39 ) conditional on information dated t - 2 we [get] : and by taking expectations conditional on information dated t - 1 we [get] :

By substituting equations ( 5.42 ) , ( 5.41 ) and ( 5.40 ) into the expression for aggregate supply , equation ( 5.38 ) , we obtain the solution :
by substituting equations ( 5.42 ) , ( 5.41 ) and ( 5.40 ) into the expression for aggregate supply , equation ( 5.38 ) , we [get] the solution :

Naturally we had to obtain Doctor Agrippa 's permission to leave but , within the hour , we were on a barge taking us upriver .
naturally we had to [get] doctor agrippa 's permission to leave but , within the hour , we were on a barge taking us upriver .

Out of all possible motions of the six atoms , there are therefore two of a 1 ' symmetry . In the same way we may find the numbers of motions of other symmetry species , and so obtain the reduced representation :
out of all possible motions of the six atoms , there are therefore two of a 1 ' symmetry . in the same way we may find the numbers of motions of other symmetry species , and so [get] the reduced representation :

For powders or microcrystalline samples , multiple external reflections among grains destroy polarization , so that we can not obtain useful data .
for powders or microcrystalline samples , multiple external reflections among grains destroy polarization , so that we can not [get] useful data .

For stable samples we rarely need to obtain spectra in a hurry , and commercial spectrometers generally operate on timescales ranging from a few minutes to several hours .
for stable samples we rarely need to [get] spectra in a hurry , and commercial spectrometers generally operate on timescales ranging from a few minutes to several hours .

The most modern interferometers can obtain spectra in shorter times , but even so they can not deal with samples that decay in seconds , let alone milli- , micro- or nanoseconds .
the most modern interferometers can [get] spectra in shorter times , but even so they can not deal with samples that decay in seconds , let alone milli- , micro- or nanoseconds .

As well as emitting and absorbing light , samples of solids also reflect light , and it is possible to obtain reflectance spectra in various ways .
as well as emitting and absorbing light , samples of solids also reflect light , and it is possible to [get] reflectance spectra in various ways .

For men under 20 , the job offer arrival rates are at least nine times higher than for men aged 55 and over ( at the mean wage ) , emphasising how difficult it is for older unemployed men to obtain a job .
for men under 20 , the job offer arrival rates are at least nine times higher than for men aged 55 and over ( at the mean wage ) , emphasising how difficult it is for older unemployed men to [get] a job .

Analysis solely to obtain numerical assessment of the texture of a deposit is unlikely to satisfy the sedimentologist but this information may be all that is required to demonstrate to a fisheries expert the potential value of a site for the introduction of an economically important species such as Nephrops ( Scampi ) .
analysis solely to [get] numerical assessment of the texture of a deposit is unlikely to satisfy the sedimentologist but this information may be all that is required to demonstrate to a fisheries expert the potential value of a site for the introduction of an economically important species such as nephrops ( scampi ) .

They also pointed out that substantial computational skills were required to obtain the best-fit log-hyperbolic curves from which the parameters could be derived .
they also pointed out that substantial computational skills were required to [get] the best-fit log-hyperbolic curves from which the parameters could be derived .

This provides a very quick way to obtain a set of peels representing many of the mineralogical and fabric properties of a specimen .
this provides a very quick way to [get] a set of peels representing many of the mineralogical and fabric properties of a specimen .

Having gone to some trouble to obtain high quality sample preparations , it is important to realize their potential by using appropriate techniques when studying them .
having gone to some trouble to [get] high quality sample preparations , it is important to realize their potential by using appropriate techniques when studying them .

To obtain the modal composition of any sediment one needs to know
to [get] the modal composition of any sediment one needs to know

Several traverses are made for each thin section , and a total of some 250 — 300 points per section need to be counted to obtain sufficiently accurate percentages of the components present .
several traverses are made for each thin section , and a total of some 250 — 300 points per section need to be counted to [get] sufficiently accurate percentages of the components present .

It had taken a full day for Merymose to obtain permission for Huy to visit the embalmer .
it had taken a full day for merymose to [get] permission for huy to visit the embalmer .

Surere had managed to obtain a wig that rose high on the crown and fell heavily over the back and shoulders .
surere had managed to [get] a wig that rose high on the crown and fell heavily over the back and shoulders .

In Britain , where suspicion of the army as a possible instrument of tyranny together with a generally rising level of prosperity made recruits unusually hard to obtain , this element was prominent .
in britain , where suspicion of the army as a possible instrument of tyranny together with a generally rising level of prosperity made recruits unusually hard to [get] , this element was prominent .

Denmark and Saxony hired out considerable forces to the anti-French coalition during the War of the Spanish Succession , while Britain employed Russian auxiliaries in 1747–48 and confidently expected to obtain others for use against the American colonists in 1775 .
denmark and saxony hired out considerable forces to the anti-french coalition during the war of the spanish succession , while britain employed russian auxiliaries in 1747–48 and confidently expected to [get] others for use against the american colonists in 1775 .

The original metric equation can be rewritten from which we can obtain by making the substitutions .
the original metric equation can be rewritten from which we can [get] by making the substitutions .

The main theme of this chapter is to obtain physical laws that are valid under general transformations to an accelerated frame .
the main theme of this chapter is to [get] physical laws that are valid under general transformations to an accelerated frame .

We obtain the force on unit mass : .
we [get] the force on unit mass : .

In order to obtain a first idea of how space–time behaves across the horizon , consider an instrumented space probe falling along a radial path into a black hole .
in order to [get] a first idea of how space–time behaves across the horizon , consider an instrumented space probe falling along a radial path into a black hole .

From this theory ( often called ‘ diacritical ’ ) of language and meaning it follows that to study how a language functions we must take as our object not individual signs in isolation , but the relationships that obtain between them .
from this theory ( often called ‘ diacritical ’ ) of language and meaning it follows that to study how a language functions we must take as our object not individual signs in isolation , but the relationships that [get] between them .

In contrast both to traditional views of form , and to some Formalist statements about the device , it calls attention to the organization of the text in its totality , the structure of the text being simply the totality of the relationships that obtain within it .
in contrast both to traditional views of form , and to some formalist statements about the device , it calls attention to the organization of the text in its totality , the structure of the text being simply the totality of the relationships that [get] within it .

To them mathematics will be relevant if it helps their children gain a qualification which , in turn , will enable them to obtain a good job .
to them mathematics will be relevant if it helps their children gain a qualification which , in turn , will enable them to [get] a good job .

In assumpsit in the Common Bench , it was alleged that Brathwait , having killed a man , asked the plaintiff to use his endeavours to obtain him a pardon , wherefore the plaintiff did go to Royston to the King to get the pardon and , in consideration of this service , the defendant promised the plaintiff £100 .
in assumpsit in the common bench , it was alleged that brathwait , having killed a man , asked the plaintiff to use his endeavours to [get] him a pardon , wherefore the plaintiff did go to royston to the king to get the pardon and , in consideration of this service , the defendant promised the plaintiff £100 .

The aim initially was to examine medieval peasant houses and to obtain some archaeological information for the date of desertion .
the aim initially was to examine medieval peasant houses and to [get] some archaeological information for the date of desertion .

‘ How would he obtain the poison so quickly ? ’ Auguste asked .
‘ how would he [get] the poison so quickly ? ’ auguste asked .

The procedures which voluntary bodies like ourselves have to follow to obtain small amounts of funding are so intimidating that one wonders whether the effort is worth while , because funding is only the beginning — we have to organise the supply of materials , hire or loan of equipment , payment for purchases , as well as getting the volunteers on and off site and ensuring the work is carried out properly .
the procedures which voluntary bodies like ourselves have to follow to [get] small amounts of funding are so intimidating that one wonders whether the effort is worth while , because funding is only the beginning — we have to organise the supply of materials , hire or loan of equipment , payment for purchases , as well as getting the volunteers on and off site and ensuring the work is carried out properly .

Close to the launch date itself we like to obtain as much publicity as possible in both the industry trade press and in national newspapers .
close to the launch date itself we like to [get] as much publicity as possible in both the industry trade press and in national newspapers .

In return for the initial outlay the gardener will obtain a place to grow aquatic plants and a mini nature reserve for insects , birds , newts etc .
in return for the initial outlay the gardener will [get] a place to grow aquatic plants and a mini nature reserve for insects , birds , newts etc .

Although the rebels had begun an air ferry with six planes they had at their disposal , it was clear that the rate of transfer thus achieved was much too slow and that the only hope of improving it was to obtain more planes from outside Spain .
although the rebels had begun an air ferry with six planes they had at their disposal , it was clear that the rate of transfer thus achieved was much too slow and that the only hope of improving it was to [get] more planes from outside spain .

In order to obtain such vital things as a ration card or a job , it was necessary to be able to provide evidence of loyalty to the regime , by means of an official certificate or a letter signed by a person who was , in turn , accredited as `` approved `` by the regime .
in order to [get] such vital things as a ration card or a job , it was necessary to be able to provide evidence of loyalty to the regime , by means of an official certificate or a letter signed by a person who was , in turn , accredited as `` approved `` by the regime .

At the same time , the Spanish regime was not actively hostile to the Allies , for it needed to obtain from them vital supplies of rubber , petroleum , cotton and wheat .
at the same time , the spanish regime was not actively hostile to the allies , for it needed to [get] from them vital supplies of rubber , petroleum , cotton and wheat .

The level of communication used should allow the target audience to obtain a full understanding of the whole investigation which has been carried out .
the level of communication used should allow the target audience to [get] a full understanding of the whole investigation which has been carried out .

Using these figures to obtain the actual area of this wall gives
using these figures to [get] the actual area of this wall gives

The student may be given appropriate formulae with the investigation or you may want the student to obtain the formulae from eg books , the tutor or other sources .
the student may be given appropriate formulae with the investigation or you may want the student to [get] the formulae from eg books , the tutor or other sources .

Seeking a second opinion is strongly advised to obtain an objective assessment .
seeking a second opinion is strongly advised to [get] an objective assessment .

Accordingly , on 12 June 1940 Lord Woolton , Minister of Food , despatched a memorandum to the Food Policy Committee of the War Cabinet in which he identified three groups in the population to whom food distribution should be improved : workers in factories ( ‘ if we are to obtain the maximum production over a long period of time from them ’ ) , people on low incomes and ‘ children of school age and under and nursing mothers whom , on grounds both of humanity and of racial preservation , it is essential we should protect against malnutrition ’ .
accordingly , on 12 june 1940 lord woolton , minister of food , despatched a memorandum to the food policy committee of the war cabinet in which he identified three groups in the population to whom food distribution should be improved : workers in factories ( ‘ if we are to [get] the maximum production over a long period of time from them ’ ) , people on low incomes and ‘ children of school age and under and nursing mothers whom , on grounds both of humanity and of racial preservation , it is essential we should protect against malnutrition ’ .

The introduction of conscription was not only crucial to obtain the manpower resources necessary but also to plan a total war economy .
the introduction of conscription was not only crucial to [get] the manpower resources necessary but also to plan a total war economy .

In December 1942 the Beveridge report considered that if not more than 8 ½ % ; of workers could not obtain jobs , this might be an acceptable level of post-war employment .
in december 1942 the beveridge report considered that if not more than 8 ½ % ; of workers could not [get] jobs , this might be an acceptable level of post-war employment .

The first definition , as in the studies described by Brehmer ( 1987 ) , is simply the total number of accidents recorded at a particular junction , the advantage of this measure is that it is a relatively easy number to obtain and easy for subjects to understand .
the first definition , as in the studies described by brehmer ( 1987 ) , is simply the total number of accidents recorded at a particular junction , the advantage of this measure is that it is a relatively easy number to [get] and easy for subjects to understand .

The video records of each drive were subsequently analysed to obtain various additional measures described below .
the video records of each drive were subsequently analysed to [get] various additional measures described below .

To obtain a general impression of differences among the stimuli and between the rating tasks the ten junctions were compared in an analysis of variance .
to [get] a general impression of differences among the stimuli and between the rating tasks the ten junctions were compared in an analysis of variance .

The important changes in design were firstly to increase the number of judgments in the recognition phase in order to obtain better recognition data than was available for the previous studies , secondly , to use a much more varied selection of driving situations , and thirdly to show each location only once during the judgment phase of the experiment .
the important changes in design were firstly to increase the number of judgments in the recognition phase in order to [get] better recognition data than was available for the previous studies , secondly , to use a much more varied selection of driving situations , and thirdly to show each location only once during the judgment phase of the experiment .

As the aim of the study was to obtain objective descriptions of the films with which to interpret memory performance it is clearly desirable to minimize any such feelings of risk , pausing the film every five seconds appeared to be an effective way of doing this .
as the aim of the study was to [get] objective descriptions of the films with which to interpret memory performance it is clearly desirable to minimize any such feelings of risk , pausing the film every five seconds appeared to be an effective way of doing this .

Vary tactics and approach to enforcement duties to obtain maximum return from each situation .
vary tactics and approach to enforcement duties to [get] maximum return from each situation .

Many opportunities apply in both the private as well as the public sector and can be employed to help Wimpey obtain a competitive advantage in markets from power and water to education .
many opportunities apply in both the private as well as the public sector and can be employed to help wimpey [get] a competitive advantage in markets from power and water to education .

In order to fully understand the customer 's needs a number of initiatives were launched , these included the use of a twice yearly customer survey to obtain feedback on customer perception of our products , service and performance .
in order to fully understand the customer 's needs a number of initiatives were launched , these included the use of a twice yearly customer survey to [get] feedback on customer perception of our products , service and performance .

If you wish to obtain such leave you should first approach your Manager , who is responsible for deciding whether to give permission and whether any absence authorised will be paid or unpaid .
if you wish to [get] such leave you should first approach your manager , who is responsible for deciding whether to give permission and whether any absence authorised will be paid or unpaid .

Hay & Maddock note that in the United Kingdom there is no statutory obligation to notify theses to any central body , and Urquhart said in 1971 that it was often more difficult to obtain sight of a British doctoral thesis than it would be to obtain copies of theses emanating from European and North American Universities .
hay & maddock note that in the united kingdom there is no statutory obligation to notify theses to any central body , and urquhart said in 1971 that it was often more difficult to [get] sight of a british doctoral thesis than it would be to [get] copies of theses emanating from european and north american universities .

To obtain a deep theoretical approach to a subject ;
to [get] a deep theoretical approach to a subject ;

Thus , we can add the joint income of husband and wife to obtain a total for that unit , whatever we choose to call it , whereas we can not sensibly add their separate statuses to achieve a joint status for both of them unless we know a great deal more about how status is a distributive phenomenon and what its properties are .
thus , we can add the joint income of husband and wife to [get] a total for that unit , whatever we choose to call it , whereas we can not sensibly add their separate statuses to achieve a joint status for both of them unless we know a great deal more about how status is a distributive phenomenon and what its properties are .

Throughout the nineteenth century in most industrialised nations there had been a growing need for governments to obtain reliable knowledge about the state of their societies .
throughout the nineteenth century in most industrialised nations there had been a growing need for governments to [get] reliable knowledge about the state of their societies .

This may require targetting particular , and known , subgroups of the general population in order to obtain sufficient cases , or respondents that will contain sufficient cases .
this may require targetting particular , and known , subgroups of the general population in order to [get] sufficient cases , or respondents that will contain sufficient cases .

The Italian authorities had previously said that those remaining , out of an estimated 24,000 , had until the end of July to find jobs , obtain political asylum , or be deported [ see p. 38351 ] ; the Italian attitude changed quickly , however , when on Aug. 7 a new flotilla of refugee boats appeared off Adriatic ports , with an estimated 17,000 people aboard .
the italian authorities had previously said that those remaining , out of an estimated 24,000 , had until the end of july to find jobs , [get] political asylum , or be deported [ see p. 38351 ] ; the italian attitude changed quickly , however , when on aug. 7 a new flotilla of refugee boats appeared off adriatic ports , with an estimated 17,000 people aboard .

( In the Soviet Union a draft law allowing all citizens to obtain a passport quickly had already been given a first reading , and the Soviet delegate estimated that between 1,500,000 and 2,000,000 Soviet citizens could decide to emigrate `` in the first two to three years `` . )
( in the soviet union a draft law allowing all citizens to [get] a passport quickly had already been given a first reading , and the soviet delegate estimated that between 1,500,000 and 2,000,000 soviet citizens could decide to emigrate `` in the first two to three years `` . )

The two , both of whom had taken money from Wedtech , a military contractor , in return for using their influence to obtain government contracts , had been originally convicted on related charges in October 1989 .
the two , both of whom had taken money from wedtech , a military contractor , in return for using their influence to [get] government contracts , had been originally convicted on related charges in october 1989 .

The pre-trial weeks saw intensive plea bargaining negotiations , the prosecution 's determination to obtain a conviction against Noriega being suggested by the fact that all 15 of his co-defendants struck deals to plead guilty and provide information on his illegal activities , in return for a prosecution recommendation that they should receive lenient sentences .
the pre-trial weeks saw intensive plea bargaining negotiations , the prosecution 's determination to [get] a conviction against noriega being suggested by the fact that all 15 of his co-defendants struck deals to plead guilty and provide information on his illegal activities , in return for a prosecution recommendation that they should receive lenient sentences .

Prosecution attorneys argued that these plea bargains and inducements were little different from procedures followed to obtain convictions of other `` kingpin `` drugs traffickers , including Lehder himself in 1988 .
prosecution attorneys argued that these plea bargains and inducements were little different from procedures followed to [get] convictions of other `` kingpin `` drugs traffickers , including lehder himself in 1988 .

Prime Minister Schlüter called the December 1990 elections earlier than would normally have been necessary in an attempt to obtain a firm mandate for far-reaching economic reforms .
prime minister schlüter called the december 1990 elections earlier than would normally have been necessary in an attempt to [get] a firm mandate for far-reaching economic reforms .

37631-41 ] , was the replacement of the Foreign Affairs Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Shaikh Sabah al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah , who failed to obtain a Cabinet post for the first time in almost three decades .
37631-41 ] , was the replacement of the foreign affairs minister and deputy prime minister shaikh sabah al ahmad al jabir as sabah , who failed to [get] a cabinet post for the first time in almost three decades .

In doing so , however , he admitted for the first time that he had made `` every effort `` to obtain the release of the hostages .
in doing so , however , he admitted for the first time that he had made `` every effort `` to [get] the release of the hostages .

On Oct. 10 documents leaked to the Washington Post revealed that Pakistan had sought to obtain through its embassy in France and intermediaries in Canada and Switzerland high temperature furnaces used for the manufacture of nuclear weapons .
on oct. 10 documents leaked to the washington post revealed that pakistan had sought to [get] through its embassy in france and intermediaries in canada and switzerland high temperature furnaces used for the manufacture of nuclear weapons .

Ronald Li , the former chairman of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange , was convicted on Oct. 24 on two counts under the colony 's Bribery Prevention Ordinance of accepting preferential offers of shares in Cathay Pacific Airways and Novel Enterprises in 1986 and 1987 in return for helping to obtain listings for the companies on the stock exchange .
ronald li , the former chairman of the hong kong stock exchange , was convicted on oct. 24 on two counts under the colony 's bribery prevention ordinance of accepting preferential offers of shares in cathay pacific airways and novel enterprises in 1986 and 1987 in return for helping to [get] listings for the companies on the stock exchange .

At the outset parties were reminded that they could not hold political meetings in places of worship and had to obtain police permission to hold any meetings at all .
at the outset parties were reminded that they could not hold political meetings in places of worship and had to [get] police permission to hold any meetings at all .

The Saudi announcement , attributed to annoyance over the Yemeni government 's stance on the Gulf crisis [ p. 37637 ] , meant that Yemenis would no longer be exempt from the need to obtain visas when entering the country , nor allowed to conduct business without a Saudi sponsor .
the saudi announcement , attributed to annoyance over the yemeni government 's stance on the gulf crisis [ p. 37637 ] , meant that yemenis would no longer be exempt from the need to [get] visas when entering the country , nor allowed to conduct business without a saudi sponsor .

Later in October the government confirmed a change in cocoa marketing strategy , saying that it planned to sell cocoa in relatively small quantities through the London market , with the aim of stimulating competition and securing an increase in prices , rather than seeking to obtain large-scale contracts with overseas buyers [ for January 1989 cocoa deal with French trading house see p. 36413 ] .
later in october the government confirmed a change in cocoa marketing strategy , saying that it planned to sell cocoa in relatively small quantities through the london market , with the aim of stimulating competition and securing an increase in prices , rather than seeking to [get] large-scale contracts with overseas buyers [ for january 1989 cocoa deal with french trading house see p. 36413 ] .

During their meetings in Pyongyang the two agreed to establish a commission to obtain foreign aid for economic and social rehabilitation and development in Cambodia .
during their meetings in pyongyang the two agreed to establish a commission to [get] foreign aid for economic and social rehabilitation and development in cambodia .

Measures aimed at assisting Iraq to obtain medical supplies were agreed by Arab Health Ministers meeting in Tunis on Oct. 6 .
measures aimed at assisting iraq to [get] medical supplies were agreed by arab health ministers meeting in tunis on oct. 6 .

United States officials claimed that most of the nuclear-related technology that Iran was seeking to obtain from China , Brazil and elsewhere could be used equally for nuclear weapons or civilian uses .
united states officials claimed that most of the nuclear-related technology that iran was seeking to [get] from china , brazil and elsewhere could be used equally for nuclear weapons or civilian uses .

To obtain this majority in the Bundesrat , the government made concessions to the Länder concerning additional subsidies for Land and local government funds .
to [get] this majority in the bundesrat , the government made concessions to the länder concerning additional subsidies for land and local government funds .

Parliament adopted regulations in late August 1990 which a required foreign publication to obtain an annual permit if more than 300 copies were distributed in Singapore or if it carried articles on politics `` in any country in south-east Asia `` .
parliament adopted regulations in late august 1990 which a required foreign publication to [get] an annual permit if more than 300 copies were distributed in singapore or if it carried articles on politics `` in any country in south-east asia `` .

Success of child 's bid to obtain legal separation from mother
success of child 's bid to [get] legal separation from mother

Attorney General Amos Wako announced the same day that political parties would not be required to obtain licences to hold rallies during the election campaign , and that all parties would be allocated equal air time on national radio and television .
attorney general amos wako announced the same day that political parties would not be required to [get] licences to hold rallies during the election campaign , and that all parties would be allocated equal air time on national radio and television .

The Supreme Court on Dec. 7 dealt a blow to supporters of the right to an abortion by refusing to review a Mississippi law which required women to obtain counselling and then to wait 24 hours before terminating a pregnancy .
the supreme court on dec. 7 dealt a blow to supporters of the right to an abortion by refusing to review a mississippi law which required women to [get] counselling and then to wait 24 hours before terminating a pregnancy .

One of the factors widely deemed as critical to Miyazawa 's chances of short-term survival was the need to obtain Diet approval for the 1992 budget by April 1 , the beginning of the fiscal year .
one of the factors widely deemed as critical to miyazawa 's chances of short-term survival was the need to [get] diet approval for the 1992 budget by april 1 , the beginning of the fiscal year .

On March 5 Ukraine concluded a deal with the Siberian oil-producing region of Tyumen by which Ukraine would obtain 4,000,000 tonnes of oil per month in return for foodstuffs and an immediate supply of 110 tonnes of pipes .
on march 5 ukraine concluded a deal with the siberian oil-producing region of tyumen by which ukraine would [get] 4,000,000 tonnes of oil per month in return for foodstuffs and an immediate supply of 110 tonnes of pipes .

As well as the two planned referendums on the right to travel and the right to obtain information on abortion services overseas [ see pp. 38942 ; 39065 ] , the government decided that there would be an additional vote on the " substantive " issue of whether abortion should be legal .
as well as the two planned referendums on the right to travel and the right to [get] information on abortion services overseas [ see pp. 38942 ; 39065 ] , the government decided that there would be an additional vote on the " substantive " issue of whether abortion should be legal .

Since much of the work at Key Stage 1 will centre on quite recent times , such artefacts will not usually be rare or valuable or difficult or expensive to obtain .
since much of the work at key stage 1 will centre on quite recent times , such artefacts will not usually be rare or valuable or difficult or expensive to [get] .

Teachers can also visit their own local record office and obtain copies of local records of their own choice .
teachers can also visit their own local record office and [get] copies of local records of their own choice .

It would destroy the very purpose of the option if the purchaser had to obtain the vendor 's countersignature to the notice by which it was exercised .
it would destroy the very purpose of the option if the purchaser had to [get] the vendor 's countersignature to the notice by which it was exercised .

Mrs Mountford enjoyed freedom to negotiate with Mr Street to obtain different terms .
mrs mountford enjoyed freedom to negotiate with mr street to [get] different terms .

Clause 16 was not a genuine reservation to Mr Antoniades of a power to share the flat … Mr Antoniades did not genuinely intend to exercise the powers save possibly to bring pressure to bear to obtain possession … The occupiers were obliged to acquiesce with this pretence in order to obtain the accommodation … The facilities in the flat were not suitable for sharing between strangers .
clause 16 was not a genuine reservation to mr antoniades of a power to share the flat … mr antoniades did not genuinely intend to exercise the powers save possibly to bring pressure to bear to [get] possession … the occupiers were obliged to acquiesce with this pretence in order to [get] the accommodation … the facilities in the flat were not suitable for sharing between strangers .

The next step is for the lessor to make a court application to obtain an order for possession .
the next step is for the lessor to make a court application to [get] an order for possession .

The material facts are that , some time before the notice was served , the defendant had been knowingly and actively permitting the house to be used as a brothel … The covenant , the breach of which is complained of , expressly forbids the tenant to permit the premises to be used for such a purpose … In those circumstances the plaintiffs were entitled to obtain possession of the premises unless they failed to comply with the terms of s.146 of the Law of Property Act 1925 .
the material facts are that , some time before the notice was served , the defendant had been knowingly and actively permitting the house to be used as a brothel … the covenant , the breach of which is complained of , expressly forbids the tenant to permit the premises to be used for such a purpose … in those circumstances the plaintiffs were entitled to [get] possession of the premises unless they failed to comply with the terms of s.146 of the law of property act 1925 .

( c ) The law is , therefore , that persons who obtain goods by presenting a cheque which they know will be dishonoured are not guilty of theft .
( c ) the law is , therefore , that persons who [get] goods by presenting a cheque which they know will be dishonoured are not guilty of theft .

Besides dishonesty the mens rea in s.15 is : intentionally or recklessly making the deception ( see above ) ; intention permanently to deprive ( by s.15 ( 3 ) this phrase bears the same definition as in s.6 : see Chapter 13 ; an example is deceiving the victim into giving a loan ) ; and intent to obtain property .
besides dishonesty the mens rea in s.15 is : intentionally or recklessly making the deception ( see above ) ; intention permanently to deprive ( by s.15 ( 3 ) this phrase bears the same definition as in s.6 : see chapter 13 ; an example is deceiving the victim into giving a loan ) ; and intent to [get] property .

In s.16 , besides dishonesty , the mental element is making the deception intentionally or recklessly , and the intent to obtain a pecuniary advantage .
in s.16 , besides dishonesty , the mental element is making the deception intentionally or recklessly , and the intent to [get] a pecuniary advantage .

By s.15 ( 2 ) `` … a person is to be treated as obtaining property if he obtains possession or control of it , and `` obtain `` includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain or retain `` .
by s.15 ( 2 ) `` … a person is to be treated as obtaining property if he obtains possession or control of it , and `` [get] `` includes obtaining for another or enabling another to [get] or retain `` .

Note that a person is guilty under s.15 if he obtains ownership but does not obtain possession or control ; and if the accused is in possession or control , he is guilty if he obtains ownership by deception .
note that a person is guilty under s.15 if he obtains ownership but does not [get] possession or control ; and if the accused is in possession or control , he is guilty if he obtains ownership by deception .

The accused may be guilty even though he does not in ordinary language obtain a service .
the accused may be guilty even though he does not in ordinary language [get] a service .

( 4 ) For purposes of subsection ( 1 ) ( c ) " obtains " includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain .
( 4 ) for purposes of subsection ( 1 ) ( c ) " obtains " includes obtaining for another or enabling another to [get] .

( f ) Paragraph ( c ) covers cases where deception occurs before the debt is incurred , such as the accused falsely representing that he is a full-time student to obtain discount travel .
( f ) paragraph ( c ) covers cases where deception occurs before the debt is incurred , such as the accused falsely representing that he is a full-time student to [get] discount travel .

( c ) did the accused obtain by that deception ?
( c ) did the accused [get] by that deception ?

The section seems to require solely an intent to obtain .
the section seems to require solely an intent to [get] .

Services tailored for the frequent traveller to obtain an increasing share of the profitable business market became an important issue for the international hotel industy when utilising new card technology in security systems .
services tailored for the frequent traveller to [get] an increasing share of the profitable business market became an important issue for the international hotel industy when utilising new card technology in security systems .

The system protects guests and deters thieves by enabling the management to obtain the information they need to investigate illegal entries into guest rooms .
the system protects guests and deters thieves by enabling the management to [get] the information they need to investigate illegal entries into guest rooms .

An important criteria for a hotelier to consider when the decision is made to obtain a card access system is the availability of local after sales support .
an important criteria for a hotelier to consider when the decision is made to [get] a card access system is the availability of local after sales support .

As it is possible for a hotel owner or developer to have feasibility studies undertaken by their own staff , and for the developer to obtain the service of hotel management companies to run the hotel for a fee , it is the role of the food service planning consultant which will be examined in this article .
as it is possible for a hotel owner or developer to have feasibility studies undertaken by their own staff , and for the developer to [get] the service of hotel management companies to run the hotel for a fee , it is the role of the food service planning consultant which will be examined in this article .

The first task of the designer , therefore , is to fight with the architect and often with the client to obtain the correct amount of space for the functional part of the hotel .
the first task of the designer , therefore , is to fight with the architect and often with the client to [get] the correct amount of space for the functional part of the hotel .

Some manufacturers are not as flexible , so it pays to shop around to obtain the perfect solution .
some manufacturers are not as flexible , so it pays to shop around to [get] the perfect solution .

It is possible to obtain positive track equipment whereby the trolleys follow exactly the path of the tow vehicle , so if you have a winding route with 90° bends , your trolleys will not cause structural damage to the buildings or , worse still , be subjected to expensive damage themselves .
it is possible to [get] positive track equipment whereby the trolleys follow exactly the path of the tow vehicle , so if you have a winding route with 90° bends , your trolleys will not cause structural damage to the buildings or , worse still , be subjected to expensive damage themselves .

Always obtain three prices before short-listing a potential supplier and do not forget to squeeze them for discounts .
always [get] three prices before short-listing a potential supplier and do not forget to squeeze them for discounts .

The plaintiff in such an action will be faced with a difficult task in establishing matters such as breach of duty and causation , but the action may be the only way in which he can obtain any compensation for the injury .
the plaintiff in such an action will be faced with a difficult task in establishing matters such as breach of duty and causation , but the action may be the only way in which he can [get] any compensation for the injury .

William of Jumièges , elaborated by William of Poitiers , reports that Edward set sail with forty ships , crossed to Southampton , defeated a large English force , and returned to Normandy after realising that he needed more men to obtain the kingdom .
william of jumièges , elaborated by william of poitiers , reports that edward set sail with forty ships , crossed to southampton , defeated a large english force , and returned to normandy after realising that he needed more men to [get] the kingdom .

Something of this can be seen in the Confessor 's reign , when Godwin supported one of his kinsmen , a Canterbury monk , in an attempt to obtain the archiepiscopacy .
something of this can be seen in the confessor 's reign , when godwin supported one of his kinsmen , a canterbury monk , in an attempt to [get] the archiepiscopacy .

( j ) To apply for , promote , and obtain any Act of Parliament , order or licence of the Department of Trade and Industry or other authority for enabling the Company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the Company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the Company 's interests , and to oppose any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the Company 's interests .
( j ) to apply for , promote , and [get] any act of parliament , order or licence of the department of trade and industry or other authority for enabling the company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the company 's interests , and to oppose any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the company 's interests .

( k ) To enter into any arrangements with any government or authority ( supreme , municipal , local or otherwise ) that may seen conducive to the attainment of the Company 's objects or any of them , and to obtain from any such government or authority any charters , decrees , rights , privileges or concessions which the Company may think desirable and to carry out , exercise , and comply with any such charters , decrees , rights , privileges , and concessions .
( k ) to enter into any arrangements with any government or authority ( supreme , municipal , local or otherwise ) that may seen conducive to the attainment of the company 's objects or any of them , and to [get] from any such government or authority any charters , decrees , rights , privileges or concessions which the company may think desirable and to carry out , exercise , and comply with any such charters , decrees , rights , privileges , and concessions .

( j ) To apply for , promote , and obtain any Act of Parliament , order or licence of the Department of Trade and Industry or other authority for enabling the Company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the Company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the Company 's interests , and to oppose any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the Company 's interests .
( j ) to apply for , promote , and [get] any act of parliament , order or licence of the department of trade and industry or other authority for enabling the company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the company 's interests , and to oppose any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the company 's interests .

( k ) To enter into any arrangements with any government or authority ( supreme , municipal , local or otherwise ) that may seen conducive to the attainment of the Company 's objects or any of them , and to obtain from any such government or authority any charters , decrees , rights , privileges or concessions which the Company may think desirable and to carry out , exercise , and comply with any such charters , decrees , rights , privileges , and concessions .
( k ) to enter into any arrangements with any government or authority ( supreme , municipal , local or otherwise ) that may seen conducive to the attainment of the company 's objects or any of them , and to [get] from any such government or authority any charters , decrees , rights , privileges or concessions which the company may think desirable and to carry out , exercise , and comply with any such charters , decrees , rights , privileges , and concessions .

Of schooling in the East Riding in the 1790s , it was later recalled : When the labourers ' children could obtain employment from the farmers , the school was abandoned , and the youthful pupils were sent to cut weeds in the cornfields in the spring ; to frighten away the birds from the standing corn ; then to assist in harvest operations ; and next to glean the fields which had been reaped .
of schooling in the east riding in the 1790s , it was later recalled : when the labourers ' children could [get] employment from the farmers , the school was abandoned , and the youthful pupils were sent to cut weeds in the cornfields in the spring ; to frighten away the birds from the standing corn ; then to assist in harvest operations ; and next to glean the fields which had been reaped .

It is difficult to obtain an overall view of the search space at any particular time .
it is difficult to [get] an overall view of the search space at any particular time .

Ex-employees frequently cause problems because of the difficulty in reconciling their continuing duty to their ex-employer with the need to be able to obtain other employment .
ex-employees frequently cause problems because of the difficulty in reconciling their continuing duty to their ex-employer with the need to be able to [get] other employment .

This exception is directed at rationalizing the British Leyland case and it allows for the fact that persons who buy items of equipment may need replacement parts in time and should be able to obtain spare parts in a free market at reasonable cost .
this exception is directed at rationalizing the british leyland case and it allows for the fact that persons who buy items of equipment may need replacement parts in time and should be able to [get] spare parts in a free market at reasonable cost .

It may now be easier to obtain a patent for an invention which includes a computer program despite the apparent exception of computer programs from the scope of patent law .
it may now be easier to [get] a patent for an invention which includes a computer program despite the apparent exception of computer programs from the scope of patent law .

The purchaser would still expect , rightly , to be able to obtain a remedy from the seller under the Sale of Goods Act even though he has not obtained ownership of the copyright subsisting in the computer program .
the purchaser would still expect , rightly , to be able to [get] a remedy from the seller under the sale of goods act even though he has not obtained ownership of the copyright subsisting in the computer program .

If the person using the expert system does not have the degree of skill and knowledge contained in the system he should make this clear to the client and obtain his agreement prior to using the system .
if the person using the expert system does not have the degree of skill and knowledge contained in the system he should make this clear to the client and [get] his agreement prior to using the system .

The Director will immediately seek permission from the complainant to approach the person against whom the complaint is made to obtain the latter 's observations ( that is , would be written to , with the nature of the complaint and the complainant 's name ) .
the director will immediately seek permission from the complainant to approach the person against whom the complaint is made to [get] the latter 's observations ( that is , would be written to , with the nature of the complaint and the complainant 's name ) .

Not only does Dame Sirith advertise her professional ability to repeat the trick , or to obtain for a man the woman he wants in the way he wants , and thus anticipate her ability to star in an extended series of fabliaux that the poet may tell , but the language and prosody convey certain points that lie at the heart of the fabliau perspective .
not only does dame sirith advertise her professional ability to repeat the trick , or to [get] for a man the woman he wants in the way he wants , and thus anticipate her ability to star in an extended series of fabliaux that the poet may tell , but the language and prosody convey certain points that lie at the heart of the fabliau perspective .

Now what should you , the client , do in order to obtain the best results from a recruitment company .
now what should you , the client , do in order to [get] the best results from a recruitment company .

You then have to call an agency in order to obtain emergency relief , and they not only provide you with a temporary chef , but promise to send you details of all their head chefs currently seeking employment .
you then have to call an agency in order to [get] emergency relief , and they not only provide you with a temporary chef , but promise to send you details of all their head chefs currently seeking employment .

If you wish to obtain cover please send £5.00 to the office so that you may be added to the list .
if you wish to [get] cover please send £5.00 to the office so that you may be added to the list .

This seems to be a reflection of the primacy of the resultative `` possess knowledge `` sense over the operative `` obtain knowledge `` one in the potential meaning of know .
this seems to be a reflection of the primacy of the resultative `` possess knowledge `` sense over the operative `` [get] knowledge `` one in the potential meaning of know .

To be more exact , get itself evokes the efforts required to obtain a certain behaviour from someone or something and the to infinitive expresses the result obtained .
to be more exact , get itself evokes the efforts required to [get] a certain behaviour from someone or something and the to infinitive expresses the result obtained .

In any case , as an imperative , let suggests that the speaker feels that the impinging of his will on the others 's should be enough to obtain their assent or overcome their indifference and thereby get the infinitive action under way .
in any case , as an imperative , let suggests that the speaker feels that the impinging of his will on the others 's should be enough to [get] their assent or overcome their indifference and thereby get the infinitive action under way .

English seems to obtain much the same effect with the to infinitive as subject .
english seems to [get] much the same effect with the to infinitive as subject .

It is usually based on the percentage of those graduating with ‘ good ’ degrees , ie those who obtain first or upper second class degrees .
it is usually based on the percentage of those graduating with ‘ good ’ degrees , ie those who [get] first or upper second class degrees .

Woodley ( 1984 ) in his study of university students reported that while mature students are slightly more likely to leave university without a degree , they are just as likely to obtain a ‘ good ’ degree .
woodley ( 1984 ) in his study of university students reported that while mature students are slightly more likely to leave university without a degree , they are just as likely to [get] a ‘ good ’ degree .

In every group of 100 NSEs and 100 SEs between 2 and 4 SEs are more likely to graduate and obtain good degrees than the SEs in four of the five institutions .
in every group of 100 nses and 100 ses between 2 and 4 ses are more likely to graduate and [get] good degrees than the ses in four of the five institutions .

Where can readers like myself who live in remote parts of the country obtain mail order supplies of authentic Chinese ingredients ?
where can readers like myself who live in remote parts of the country [get] mail order supplies of authentic chinese ingredients ?

Unfortunately their involvement with the English mining , together with other matters including expensive alchemical transmutation experimentation , led to their eventual bankruptcy and the imprisonment of the principals and the use of torture ( in the true spirit of the times ) to obtain testimonials .
unfortunately their involvement with the english mining , together with other matters including expensive alchemical transmutation experimentation , led to their eventual bankruptcy and the imprisonment of the principals and the use of torture ( in the true spirit of the times ) to [get] testimonials .

The lessees were not to permit any employee to obtain any `` settlement by virtue of the Poor Laws of the Township of Church Coniston by any act of them `` ( the lessees ) .
the lessees were not to permit any employee to [get] any `` settlement by virtue of the poor laws of the township of church coniston by any act of them `` ( the lessees ) .

As noted above , the mother 's education has a profound influence on the probability that her children will survive early childhood , yet her opportunities to obtain schooling are compromised by early marriage and the conventions that prescribe it .
as noted above , the mother 's education has a profound influence on the probability that her children will survive early childhood , yet her opportunities to [get] schooling are compromised by early marriage and the conventions that prescribe it .

The Yale study was designed to obtain reliable statistical data , based on a carefully constructed random sample ( 2,134 cases ) , representative of the user population of a large library It was hailed as a standard model and projects with very large sample groups , numbering into the thousands , followed ; i.e .
the yale study was designed to [get] reliable statistical data , based on a carefully constructed random sample ( 2,134 cases ) , representative of the user population of a large library it was hailed as a standard model and projects with very large sample groups , numbering into the thousands , followed ; i.e .

It is probably true that in most online catalogue searching both recall and precision are much lower than that which a good intermediary would obtain in reference retrieval searching .
it is probably true that in most online catalogue searching both recall and precision are much lower than that which a good intermediary would [get] in reference retrieval searching .

Repeating searches from Okapi logs , we found , not surprisingly , that it is often possible to obtain additional relevant records which would not otherwise have been found .
repeating searches from okapi logs , we found , not surprisingly , that it is often possible to [get] additional relevant records which would not otherwise have been found .

In the classroom , when you obtain new data from a language helper , always listen several times before mimicking .
in the classroom , when you [get] new data from a language helper , always listen several times before mimicking .

Unless you were oil-related it was quite difficult to get equipment serviced and to obtain certain stores .
unless you were oil-related it was quite difficult to get equipment serviced and to [get] certain stores .

We can now collect the terms to give and , finally , we obtain : where
we can now collect the terms to give and , finally , we [get] : where

The other is found by the condition that and we obtain , finally : Now form the Laplace transforms of these two expressions by replacing by and .
the other is found by the condition that and we [get] , finally : now form the laplace transforms of these two expressions by replacing by and .

3 ) for the elastic moduli involved and so to obtain the time-dependent behaviour of the composite .
3 ) for the elastic moduli involved and so to [get] the time-dependent behaviour of the composite .

Referred to a new global or overall set of axes ( 1 `` , 2 `` , 3 `` ) we need to perform the required tensor transformation to obtain the reduced constants in the global axes .
referred to a new global or overall set of axes ( 1 `` , 2 `` , 3 `` ) we need to perform the required tensor transformation to [get] the reduced constants in the global axes .

If we now take the opposite extreme , that of a gas , we do not know the positions of atoms , merely their mean velocities , and the only relation we can obtain between load and displacement derives from the gas law from which we can obtain the `` bulk modulus ' of the gas and this `` modulus ' is entirely entropic in origin , no elastic forces being involved .
if we now take the opposite extreme , that of a gas , we do not know the positions of atoms , merely their mean velocities , and the only relation we can [get] between load and displacement derives from the gas law from which we can [get] the `` bulk modulus ' of the gas and this `` modulus ' is entirely entropic in origin , no elastic forces being involved .

It does n't just appear , one can not go out and simply obtain it .
it does n't just appear , one can not go out and simply [get] it .

This study concerns a method named impedance planimetry by which it is possible to obtain segmental information on biomechanical properties at one specific circumference of the rectal wall .
this study concerns a method named impedance planimetry by which it is possible to [get] segmental information on biomechanical properties at one specific circumference of the rectal wall .

Therefore we calibrated the results with an 8 point calibration curve to obtain a final linear calibration ( Fig 2 ) .
therefore we calibrated the results with an 8 point calibration curve to [get] a final linear calibration ( fig 2 ) .

After 50 minutes of continuous perfusion to obtain steady state conditions , samples of the effluent were collected on ice .
after 50 minutes of continuous perfusion to [get] steady state conditions , samples of the effluent were collected on ice .

To obtain normally distributed values , all values were logarithmically transformed before calculations and statistical analyses .
to [get] normally distributed values , all values were logarithmically transformed before calculations and statistical analyses .

Thus , the total number of sectioned profiles of each cell type observed within the tissue volume overlying 10 µm muscularis mucosae was divided by effective section thickness ( mean diameter of nuclei plus actual section thickness , or 5+1=6 µm ) to obtain the absolute number of cells present within each tissue volume-compartment .
thus , the total number of sectioned profiles of each cell type observed within the tissue volume overlying 10 µm muscularis mucosae was divided by effective section thickness ( mean diameter of nuclei plus actual section thickness , or 5+1=6 µm ) to [get] the absolute number of cells present within each tissue volume-compartment .

Adjuvant chemolitholytic medication was given to obtain complete dissolution of the fragments .
adjuvant chemolitholytic medication was given to [get] complete dissolution of the fragments .

In the majority of our patients , however , repeat lithotripsy sessions were necessary to obtain an acceptable fragmentation .
in the majority of our patients , however , repeat lithotripsy sessions were necessary to [get] an acceptable fragmentation .

As pressure measurements obtained from colonic probes 5 cm apart can be very different , some workers have summed the pressure activity from adjacent channels to obtain a value for the colonic segment under study as a whole in an attempt to standardise analysis .
as pressure measurements obtained from colonic probes 5 cm apart can be very different , some workers have summed the pressure activity from adjacent channels to [get] a value for the colonic segment under study as a whole in an attempt to standardise analysis .

It was not possible , however , to obtain such data in this retrospective study .
it was not possible , however , to [get] such data in this retrospective study .

The main work on the subject of food intolerance in Crohn 's disease by Alun-Jones et al has involved the use of elemental diet or total parenteral nutrition to obtain clinical remission from active disease , followed by a daily , single food reintroduction regimen ( elimination diets ) .
the main work on the subject of food intolerance in crohn 's disease by alun-jones et al has involved the use of elemental diet or total parenteral nutrition to [get] clinical remission from active disease , followed by a daily , single food reintroduction regimen ( elimination diets ) .

To obtain summarising estimates of the mutual effects of age and pseudomelanosis coli , and sex and pseudomelanosis coli , logistic regression analysis was applied .
to [get] summarising estimates of the mutual effects of age and pseudomelanosis coli , and sex and pseudomelanosis coli , logistic regression analysis was applied .

Differences in criteria for symptoms and methods used to obtain clinical data can not be ruled out .
differences in criteria for symptoms and methods used to [get] clinical data can not be ruled out .

Diagnostic difficulties in those cases were related to confusing radiological and endoscopic appearances or failure to obtain histological confirmation of lymphoma .
diagnostic difficulties in those cases were related to confusing radiological and endoscopic appearances or failure to [get] histological confirmation of lymphoma .

Histological proof may be difficult to obtain but should be vigorously pursued .
histological proof may be difficult to [get] but should be vigorously pursued .

These findings almost certainly reflect an increased awareness of coeliac disease in recent years and the greater use of fibre optic endoscopes to obtain small intestinal biopsy specimens .
these findings almost certainly reflect an increased awareness of coeliac disease in recent years and the greater use of fibre optic endoscopes to [get] small intestinal biopsy specimens .

There may be a reluctance to carry out endoscopy in the elderly to obtain small bowel biopsy specimens on the grounds that the procedure is unsafe in the old and frail .
there may be a reluctance to carry out endoscopy in the elderly to [get] small bowel biopsy specimens on the grounds that the procedure is unsafe in the old and frail .

In order to obtain ‘ baseline rates ’ for colonic mucosa , a group of patients who were undergoing a haemorrhoidectomy ( all without evidence of colorectal tumour on barium enema and sigmoidoscopic examinations ) consented to undergo measurement of protein synthesis .
in order to [get] ‘ baseline rates ’ for colonic mucosa , a group of patients who were undergoing a haemorrhoidectomy ( all without evidence of colorectal tumour on barium enema and sigmoidoscopic examinations ) consented to undergo measurement of protein synthesis .

In contrast to the immunohistological staining technique , we could not obtain consistent results despite numerous attempts .
in contrast to the immunohistological staining technique , we could not [get] consistent results despite numerous attempts .

The values from at least two chromatograms were used to obtain a mean ; the percentage individual bile acid present was calculated from the micromolar concentrations .
the values from at least two chromatograms were used to [get] a mean ; the percentage individual bile acid present was calculated from the micromolar concentrations .

Since alcohol consumption may have varied with time , efforts were made to obtain estimates based on patient recall and chart review .
since alcohol consumption may have varied with time , efforts were made to [get] estimates based on patient recall and chart review .

For technical reasons it was not always possible to obtain good results for the three probes on tissue from the same patient .
for technical reasons it was not always possible to [get] good results for the three probes on tissue from the same patient .

He had done everything he could to obtain it .
he had done everything he could to [get] it .

Both measures use the risk-free rate to obtain the risk premiums for the funds under analysis .
both measures use the risk-free rate to [get] the risk premiums for the funds under analysis .

If we use the risk-adjusted discount rate of return we will obtain the identical results , , and .
if we use the risk-adjusted discount rate of return we will [get] the identical results , , and .

Originally a three-year trained teacher , by 1976 he had successfully completed a part time B.Phil degree and subsequently had tried , unsuccessfully , to obtain the pastoral experience which he considered to be necessary in order to move up the comprehensive school hierarchy .
originally a three-year trained teacher , by 1976 he had successfully completed a part time b.phil degree and subsequently had tried , unsuccessfully , to [get] the pastoral experience which he considered to be necessary in order to move up the comprehensive school hierarchy .

From the middle schools , because of the limited size of the initial sample , thirty non-respondents would have been impossible to obtain .
from the middle schools , because of the limited size of the initial sample , thirty non-respondents would have been impossible to [get] .

Additional information can lead to better odds and bigger returns but if the information costs more to obtain than the increase in returns the result is a net loss .
additional information can lead to better odds and bigger returns but if the information costs more to [get] than the increase in returns the result is a net loss .

Obtain special technology in an open market .
[get] special technology in an open market .

Obtain better prices .
[get] better prices .

One of them , Eddy Shah , the former national newspaper owner , said he was no longer interested in a deal with Knighton , but another , Owen Oyston , a local radio-station owner and property entrepreneur , applied to the Football League for permission to obtain a financial interest in United .
one of them , eddy shah , the former national newspaper owner , said he was no longer interested in a deal with knighton , but another , owen oyston , a local radio-station owner and property entrepreneur , applied to the football league for permission to [get] a financial interest in united .

The Government initiated proceedings against Mr Marsh in September last year , but after a lengthy delay while he unsuccessfully tried to obtain legal aid , the case was dropped because it was judged to be ‘ no longer in the public interest ’ .
the government initiated proceedings against mr marsh in september last year , but after a lengthy delay while he unsuccessfully tried to [get] legal aid , the case was dropped because it was judged to be ‘ no longer in the public interest ’ .

Mr Marsh was so incensed by the attempted prosecution that he took out a summons to obtain his costs , and yesterday at a brief hearing in the High Court the Attorney General agreed to pay his costs and not to take any further action on the matter .
mr marsh was so incensed by the attempted prosecution that he took out a summons to [get] his costs , and yesterday at a brief hearing in the high court the attorney general agreed to pay his costs and not to take any further action on the matter .

In the first place , unlike normal litigation between private parties , the applicant has to obtain the court 's leave at the outset .
in the first place , unlike normal litigation between private parties , the applicant has to [get] the court 's leave at the outset .

The Franciscan friars of Reading found it necessary in 1234 to obtain from the king a letter ordering the warden of Windsor Forest not to exact cheminage in respect of the timber given them in the forest for their buildings at Reading .
the franciscan friars of reading found it necessary in 1234 to [get] from the king a letter ordering the warden of windsor forest not to exact cheminage in respect of the timber given them in the forest for their buildings at reading .

But some forest landowners were able from time to time to obtain from the Crown a grant of partial exemption from this supervision .
but some forest landowners were able from time to time to [get] from the crown a grant of partial exemption from this supervision .

Some landowners were from time to time able to obtain , by favour or by purchase , a royal grant of the right to hunt the lesser beasts of the forest , such as fox , wild cat and hare , but rarely the deer ; the general prohibition remained .
some landowners were from time to time able to [get] , by favour or by purchase , a royal grant of the right to hunt the lesser beasts of the forest , such as fox , wild cat and hare , but rarely the deer ; the general prohibition remained .

The people of the neighbourhood dared not indict these malefactors before the Justices of the Forest , ‘ because of their power and malice , and the poor of those parts can not obtain justice for injustice inflicted upon them unless they first make ransom to the same evil-doers ’ .
the people of the neighbourhood dared not indict these malefactors before the justices of the forest , ‘ because of their power and malice , and the poor of those parts can not [get] justice for injustice inflicted upon them unless they first make ransom to the same evil-doers ’ .

In 1347 he promised that the grievances of the Commons should be remedied by Chancery writs against Forest officers , but next year ‘ the commons of the county of Surrey and of other counties ’ complained that although they had sued for a writ in the Chancery , they had not been able to obtain the promised remedy .
in 1347 he promised that the grievances of the commons should be remedied by chancery writs against forest officers , but next year ‘ the commons of the county of surrey and of other counties ’ complained that although they had sued for a writ in the chancery , they had not been able to [get] the promised remedy .

He was also to obtain the first formal recognition from the pope of the right of the crown to nominate holders of major benefices , before the kings of either France or Spain ; and he indulged grandiose dreams of annexing continental territories .
he was also to [get] the first formal recognition from the pope of the right of the crown to nominate holders of major benefices , before the kings of either france or spain ; and he indulged grandiose dreams of annexing continental territories .

That same year the National Council began a Free Church Temperance Crusade to obtain one million new pledges .
that same year the national council began a free church temperance crusade to [get] one million new pledges .

It was a Nonconformist shipowner , Sir Christopher Furness , who warned that England must realize that ‘ we are neither omnipotent nor omniscient , that as our fathers have struggled to obtain supremacy , so we their sons must struggle to maintain it ’ .
it was a nonconformist shipowner , sir christopher furness , who warned that england must realize that ‘ we are neither omnipotent nor omniscient , that as our fathers have struggled to [get] supremacy , so we their sons must struggle to maintain it ’ .

In practice the eye must be at least very slightly above the mirror plane to obtain a reflection .
in practice the eye must be at least very slightly above the mirror plane to [get] a reflection .

He will try to obtain by force what he can not achieve by the correct use of the aids as taught by the classical school .
he will try to [get] by force what he can not achieve by the correct use of the aids as taught by the classical school .

In a recent widespread drought , when all pastures were eaten bare and it was very difficult to obtain hay , a large number of horses were maintained in good condition on grain but received only half their normal ration of hay .
in a recent widespread drought , when all pastures were eaten bare and it was very difficult to [get] hay , a large number of horses were maintained in good condition on grain but received only half their normal ration of hay .

The first thing that has to be done is to obtain a death certificate from a medical practitioner .
the first thing that has to be done is to [get] a death certificate from a medical practitioner .

One of the most common practical problems at the time of someone 's death is that there are lots of extra expenses involved and yet it is not possible to get hold of cash or obtain access to funds because financial accounts have to be reorganized following the death of the person concerned .
one of the most common practical problems at the time of someone 's death is that there are lots of extra expenses involved and yet it is not possible to get hold of cash or [get] access to funds because financial accounts have to be reorganized following the death of the person concerned .

He had gone early , before it was too unbearably hot , to see if he could obtain a newspaper which might tell him what was happening .
he had gone early , before it was too unbearably hot , to see if he could [get] a newspaper which might tell him what was happening .

In fact , it is possible to obtain more than enough protein to meet requirements without using animal sources at all .
in fact , it is possible to [get] more than enough protein to meet requirements without using animal sources at all .

It is a thoroughly good idea in order to obtain a wide range of nutrients .
it is a thoroughly good idea in order to [get] a wide range of nutrients .

It is actually not necessary to add fat to bread or vegetables or to cook with fat in order to obtain enough for good health .
it is actually not necessary to add fat to bread or vegetables or to cook with fat in order to [get] enough for good health .

Basically , if you follow the suggestions we have made earlier , you will obtain adequate supplies of vitamins and minerals . To summarize our suggestions for good nutrition :
basically , if you follow the suggestions we have made earlier , you will [get] adequate supplies of vitamins and minerals . to summarize our suggestions for good nutrition :

You also need to eat quite large quantities of these plant sources of iron in order to obtain enough .
you also need to eat quite large quantities of these plant sources of iron in order to [get] enough .

Simply to obtain all your supply of this mineral from one or two foods ( say , dry figs or peas ) would necessitate you eating an awful lot of these foods .
simply to [get] all your supply of this mineral from one or two foods ( say , dry figs or peas ) would necessitate you eating an awful lot of these foods .

Once you have obtained some professional advice on weight training you can obtain small weights ( such as hand weights ) quite cheaply for use at home ( if you do not have the time or inclination to travel to a gym to exercise ) .
once you have obtained some professional advice on weight training you can [get] small weights ( such as hand weights ) quite cheaply for use at home ( if you do not have the time or inclination to travel to a gym to exercise ) .

Before the days of household appliances like washing machines and vacuum cleaners , and before motorized transport , people were more likely to obtain plenty of exercise in normal day-to-day activity .
before the days of household appliances like washing machines and vacuum cleaners , and before motorized transport , people were more likely to [get] plenty of exercise in normal day-to-day activity .

Later we show you how to monitor your usual eating behaviour in order to obtain a ‘ baseline ' .
later we show you how to monitor your usual eating behaviour in order to [get] a ‘ baseline ' .

He began by telling the machine all about Zambia , to which it responded sagely , ‘ In humanity 's attempt to obtain the best of both genders , it appears to have harvested the worst .
he began by telling the machine all about zambia , to which it responded sagely , ‘ in humanity 's attempt to [get] the best of both genders , it appears to have harvested the worst .

They want to continue a gradual opening to the West , chiefly to obtain the finance and technology needed to rebuild the economy .
they want to continue a gradual opening to the west , chiefly to [get] the finance and technology needed to rebuild the economy .

The most rapid increase in illegal workers was among Iranians , who have not , until now , been required to obtain entry visas .
the most rapid increase in illegal workers was among iranians , who have not , until now , been required to [get] entry visas .

Although divorce is now much easier to obtain than ever before , legislation has since 1963 encouraged efforts at reconciliation .
although divorce is now much easier to [get] than ever before , legislation has since 1963 encouraged efforts at reconciliation .

When a person 's property is insufficient for payment of his debts , it would obviously be unfair that the creditors who first obtain judgement and execution should be paid in full , leaving nothing to those who may try to enforce their claims later ; nor is it desirable that a man should indefinitely remain under a load of debts which ( it may be through no fault of his own ) he is unable to meet .
when a person 's property is insufficient for payment of his debts , it would obviously be unfair that the creditors who first [get] judgement and execution should be paid in full , leaving nothing to those who may try to enforce their claims later ; nor is it desirable that a man should indefinitely remain under a load of debts which ( it may be through no fault of his own ) he is unable to meet .

to abrogate the wartime agreements , to acquire British ore stocks , to get a much greater share of the Congo production and to obtain British and Canadian support for ore negotiations with South Africa .
to abrogate the wartime agreements , to acquire british ore stocks , to get a much greater share of the congo production and to [get] british and canadian support for ore negotiations with south africa .

That is small compared with the number of marriages — 7.8m in 1984 and 9.3m in 1989 — but in Mao 's day a divorce was considered an offence against socialism and so was almost impossible to obtain .
that is small compared with the number of marriages — 7.8m in 1984 and 9.3m in 1989 — but in mao 's day a divorce was considered an offence against socialism and so was almost impossible to [get] .

The Hungarian trade ministry advises firms not to export to the Soviet Union without first getting bank guarantees ( so far , few companies have managed to obtain one ) .
the hungarian trade ministry advises firms not to export to the soviet union without first getting bank guarantees ( so far , few companies have managed to [get] one ) .

Of these , the French Bayonne and the German Westphalian hams are the most popular and the easiest to obtain .
of these , the french bayonne and the german westphalian hams are the most popular and the easiest to [get] .

This rice is not always easy to obtain , although it is now available in larger supermarkets .
this rice is not always easy to [get] , although it is now available in larger supermarkets .

Coulommiers is a small Brie , eaten very young when the surface mould is only just starting to appear , and Fongeru is similar but ripened in fronds of bracken and very difficult to obtain .
coulommiers is a small brie , eaten very young when the surface mould is only just starting to appear , and fongeru is similar but ripened in fronds of bracken and very difficult to [get] .

They have managed to refinance their debts and even obtain modest amounts of new money fairly painlessly .
they have managed to refinance their debts and even [get] modest amounts of new money fairly painlessly .

In the old days , local politicians fought one another to obtain the prestige , jobs and money which came with a nuclear power plant .
in the old days , local politicians fought one another to [get] the prestige , jobs and money which came with a nuclear power plant .

There was nothing to suggest the reduction in capital was brought about with the deliberate intention to obtain legal aid to which he would otherwise not be elegible .
there was nothing to suggest the reduction in capital was brought about with the deliberate intention to [get] legal aid to which he would otherwise not be elegible .

To obtain this information , one measures their geometrical ‘ parallax ’ , the tiny distance by which they appear to move against the background of the farthest stars during the six months that the Earth takes to move to the opposite side of the Sun .
to [get] this information , one measures their geometrical ‘ parallax ’ , the tiny distance by which they appear to move against the background of the farthest stars during the six months that the earth takes to move to the opposite side of the sun .

He is expected to reveal the truth of whether Julius and Ethel Rosenberg , executed in 1953 for wartime espionage , had in fact helped obtain plans for the American atom bomb for the Soviets .
he is expected to reveal the truth of whether julius and ethel rosenberg , executed in 1953 for wartime espionage , had in fact helped [get] plans for the american atom bomb for the soviets .

Would you prefer to have another election so that one party could obtain an overall majority or would you prefer some kind of arrangement between the parties so there would not have to be an election for a number of years ?
would you prefer to have another election so that one party could [get] an overall majority or would you prefer some kind of arrangement between the parties so there would not have to be an election for a number of years ?

Index-linked gilts are complex investments to assess and the investor does obtain professional management by buying via a specialist fund .
index-linked gilts are complex investments to assess and the investor does [get] professional management by buying via a specialist fund .

Mr Taylor must ensure a sceptical public understand that it is to obtain these securities for their less fortunate brethren that the highly-paid Premier League players have been asked to express a willingness to strike .
mr taylor must ensure a sceptical public understand that it is to [get] these securities for their less fortunate brethren that the highly-paid premier league players have been asked to express a willingness to strike .

Some people said their incomes were so low they could not obtain mortgages and 18 were squatted in by former occupants who refused to pay the money .
some people said their incomes were so low they could not [get] mortgages and 18 were squatted in by former occupants who refused to pay the money .

Some people said that their incomes were so low that they could not obtain mortgages and 18 were squatted in by former occupants who refused to pay the money .
some people said that their incomes were so low that they could not [get] mortgages and 18 were squatted in by former occupants who refused to pay the money .

Even the most committed Palestinian activists listen to Israel Radio to find out about incidents in the occupied territories and to obtain important practical information about curfews and changes in regulations on , say , crossing the border to Jordan .
even the most committed palestinian activists listen to israel radio to find out about incidents in the occupied territories and to [get] important practical information about curfews and changes in regulations on , say , crossing the border to jordan .

As well as having gills , Lungfish have primitive lungs with which they can obtain oxygen from the air .
as well as having gills , lungfish have primitive lungs with which they can [get] oxygen from the air .

To obtain a hand specimen we rely on the differential weathering of the sponge and the matrix .
to [get] a hand specimen we rely on the differential weathering of the sponge and the matrix .

With luck the amateur collector should be able to obtain specimens as splendid .
with luck the amateur collector should be able to [get] specimens as splendid .

Indeed , 46 % of letters written to French deputés are to obtain favours : ‘ promotions , jobs , tax reductions , favourable examination results , telephone installations ’ .
indeed , 46 % of letters written to french deputés are to [get] favours : ‘ promotions , jobs , tax reductions , favourable examination results , telephone installations ’ .

However , please remember that some holidays require visas or inoculations , which may take several weeks to obtain .
however , please remember that some holidays require visas or inoculations , which may take several weeks to [get] .

If injury or sickness is sustained and medical attention is received , you should if possible , pay and obtain receipted accounts together with a certificate showing the nature of the injury or sickness .
if injury or sickness is sustained and medical attention is received , you should if possible , pay and [get] receipted accounts together with a certificate showing the nature of the injury or sickness .

The person insured travelling contrary to medical advice or specifically to obtain treatment .
the person insured travelling contrary to medical advice or specifically to [get] treatment .

When you arrive at the continental airport you will be required to pass through passport control , claim your baggage and obtain customs clearance .
when you arrive at the continental airport you will be required to pass through passport control , claim your baggage and [get] customs clearance .

If you take our recommended holiday insurance with the Eagle star Group you will either receive compensation for any delay over 12 hours delay and obtain a full refund of you holiday cost ( less £20 and the insurance premium paid ) .
if you take our recommended holiday insurance with the eagle star group you will either receive compensation for any delay over 12 hours delay and [get] a full refund of you holiday cost ( less £20 and the insurance premium paid ) .

We therefore need to eat a wide variety of foods so that we obtain all the essential nutrients .
we therefore need to eat a wide variety of foods so that we [get] all the essential nutrients .

Clothing was rationed , as it was at home , but without a ‘ textile ticket ’ one could quite easily obtain goods in the regular shops by openly paying the assistant a bribe .
clothing was rationed , as it was at home , but without a ‘ textile ticket ’ one could quite easily [get] goods in the regular shops by openly paying the assistant a bribe .

Because they obtain their energy from above , and because water behaves the way it does , there is a tendency for the ocean zones to remain distinct : dark , cold , often almost static waters below ; warm waters floating above .
because they [get] their energy from above , and because water behaves the way it does , there is a tendency for the ocean zones to remain distinct : dark , cold , often almost static waters below ; warm waters floating above .

They obtain all the energy they need from the Sun .
they [get] all the energy they need from the sun .

Both these processes in the long term are effective agents of selection , especially when applied to differential capacities to obtain mates and to care for and rear young .
both these processes in the long term are effective agents of selection , especially when applied to differential capacities to [get] mates and to care for and rear young .

Only a proportion of them are successful and the rest must struggle as best they can to obtain mates .
only a proportion of them are successful and the rest must struggle as best they can to [get] mates .

Male geladas may thus obtain a harem in several ways that seem to depend on age .
male geladas may thus [get] a harem in several ways that seem to depend on age .

Some are trying to obtain nuclear , biological and chemical weapons .
some are trying to [get] nuclear , biological and chemical weapons .

It will become increasingly important for farmers to obtain a greater proportion of their income from the market .
it will become increasingly important for farmers to [get] a greater proportion of their income from the market .

Could they obtain enough food to sustain themselves ?
could they [get] enough food to sustain themselves ?

In which case , it is impossible to see how the plesiosaurs could obtain sufficient quantities of food to survive .
in which case , it is impossible to see how the plesiosaurs could [get] sufficient quantities of food to survive .

This gives the Board an opportunity to report to shareholders and to obtain their approval for resolutions that are voted upon at the Meeting .
this gives the board an opportunity to report to shareholders and to [get] their approval for resolutions that are voted upon at the meeting .

Shares will be allotted or transferred within 28 days of the exercise of an option and the Directors will endeavour to obtain a waiting list for any shares which are issued .
shares will be allotted or transferred within 28 days of the exercise of an option and the directors will endeavour to [get] a waiting list for any shares which are issued .

It is proposed to give the Directors the authority to alter the schemes to take account of or comply with any changes in any proposed or existing legislation affecting the schemes , or to take account of any take-over or reconstruction of the Company or to obtain or maintain favourable taxation treatment of the Company , any subsidiary or any participant , in each case excluding any changes which affect the basic structure of the schemes or the limits on the number of shares which may be subscribed for under the schemes .
it is proposed to give the directors the authority to alter the schemes to take account of or comply with any changes in any proposed or existing legislation affecting the schemes , or to take account of any take-over or reconstruction of the company or to [get] or maintain favourable taxation treatment of the company , any subsidiary or any participant , in each case excluding any changes which affect the basic structure of the schemes or the limits on the number of shares which may be subscribed for under the schemes .

It makes sense to check that you have sufficient insurance cover for building and contents — your local NatWest branch can obtain competitive quotations on your behalf from National Westminster Insurance Services Limited .
it makes sense to check that you have sufficient insurance cover for building and contents — your local natwest branch can [get] competitive quotations on your behalf from national westminster insurance services limited .

Your job is to obtain results through other people so choosing the right ones is vital .
your job is to [get] results through other people so choosing the right ones is vital .

Could the organization be altered in some way to avoid the need to recruit , yet still obtain the same on the job results ?
could the organization be altered in some way to avoid the need to recruit , yet still [get] the same on the job results ?

Attracting candidates can often be easier than selecting the right one , especially during a period when jobs are hard to obtain .
attracting candidates can often be easier than selecting the right one , especially during a period when jobs are hard to [get] .

Obtain as much information as you can about his argument , his willingness to shift from the present position .
[get] as much information as you can about his argument , his willingness to shift from the present position .

You can also obtain help in learning to negotiate through off the job training .
you can also [get] help in learning to negotiate through off the job training .

Management is about dealing with uncertainty , you can never obtain perfect information .
management is about dealing with uncertainty , you can never [get] perfect information .

Easy to arrange , you can obtain approval in minutes
easy to arrange , you can [get] approval in minutes

These are easy to obtain from health shops or through specialised catalogues and have the advantage of being free from chemicals and therefore non-addictive .
these are easy to [get] from health shops or through specialised catalogues and have the advantage of being free from chemicals and therefore non-addictive .

Make all types of food ( protein , fat , and roughage as well as carbohydrate ) equally easy to obtain .
make all types of food ( protein , fat , and roughage as well as carbohydrate ) equally easy to [get] .

When an attack is found , it is advisable to obtain the view of a specialist who will be able to identify the type of decay and advise on the treatment of the timber , including designating any parts that should be removed .
when an attack is found , it is advisable to [get] the view of a specialist who will be able to identify the type of decay and advise on the treatment of the timber , including designating any parts that should be removed .

By excavating the existing ground-floor surface at this south end , it was possible to obtain a minimal , although legally acceptable , 2m ( 6–1/2ft ) headroom for non-habitable accommodation below the gallery .
by excavating the existing ground-floor surface at this south end , it was possible to [get] a minimal , although legally acceptable , 2m ( 6–1/2ft ) headroom for non-habitable accommodation below the gallery .

Until recently , cowl bases ( or ‘ curbs ’ ) were made from elm , but Dutch elm disease has made this material difficult to obtain .
until recently , cowl bases ( or ‘ curbs ’ ) were made from elm , but dutch elm disease has made this material difficult to [get] .

To obtain additional internal volume and a satisfactory relationship between new floor levels and existing or modified window openings , the original ground floor , which consisted of two panels of suspended timber construction under the areas formerly accommodating pews , separated and flanked by strips of tiled floor on a solid base where the gangways ran , was removed to give a further 400mm ( 16in ) of height .
to [get] additional internal volume and a satisfactory relationship between new floor levels and existing or modified window openings , the original ground floor , which consisted of two panels of suspended timber construction under the areas formerly accommodating pews , separated and flanked by strips of tiled floor on a solid base where the gangways ran , was removed to give a further 400mm ( 16in ) of height .

Secondly , the third-floor accommodation , lit only by the small clerestory windows of the nave ( composed of shallower paired lancets ) , managed to obtain the necessary amount of daylight from the glazing being placed at the rear of the original traceried stonework where the splayed internal window-revels generate an area exposed to daylight which is larger than the window area seen from outside ( Fig 46 ) .
secondly , the third-floor accommodation , lit only by the small clerestory windows of the nave ( composed of shallower paired lancets ) , managed to [get] the necessary amount of daylight from the glazing being placed at the rear of the original traceried stonework where the splayed internal window-revels generate an area exposed to daylight which is larger than the window area seen from outside ( fig 46 ) .

It is clear that a main attraction of the project for its participants was the opportunity offered to obtain a large amount of space in a Central London location for a modest outlay .
it is clear that a main attraction of the project for its participants was the opportunity offered to [get] a large amount of space in a central london location for a modest outlay .

Prior to their purchase of the building , the owner of the adjoining mill house had made two attempts to obtain permission from the local authority to change the use of the mill from industrial premises into a dwelling , but it was only with the current owners ' application of 1977 that planning permission for this change was granted .
prior to their purchase of the building , the owner of the adjoining mill house had made two attempts to [get] permission from the local authority to change the use of the mill from industrial premises into a dwelling , but it was only with the current owners ' application of 1977 that planning permission for this change was granted .

He was anxious to obtain a weekend retreat close to London and the derelict mill promised conveniently located , characterful accommodation .
he was anxious to [get] a weekend retreat close to london and the derelict mill promised conveniently located , characterful accommodation .

In the process of examining how routine policing is affected by social divisions , researchers may , however , obtain some direct and first-hand impression of public order policing , if only unsatisfactorily as it briefly or infrequently enters their research location .
in the process of examining how routine policing is affected by social divisions , researchers may , however , [get] some direct and first-hand impression of public order policing , if only unsatisfactorily as it briefly or infrequently enters their research location .

Although in these circumstances the ethnographic method is the best way to obtain trust , it does not ensure it will be won from every respondent in the field .
although in these circumstances the ethnographic method is the best way to [get] trust , it does not ensure it will be won from every respondent in the field .

Therefore , the assessments which the neighbourhood police give of how much support they obtain from the Catholic community ( or , more accurately , how much support they see the majority of Catholics as feeling able safely to show ) , vary depending on wider circumstances and the time-scale used .
therefore , the assessments which the neighbourhood police give of how much support they [get] from the catholic community ( or , more accurately , how much support they see the majority of catholics as feeling able safely to show ) , vary depending on wider circumstances and the time-scale used .

Amid much rumour and mystery , the consequence of a complete news black-out by the authorities on the circumstances of the pending releases , it was not possible to obtain independent confirmation of the report .
amid much rumour and mystery , the consequence of a complete news black-out by the authorities on the circumstances of the pending releases , it was not possible to [get] independent confirmation of the report .

Reporters spent the day scurrying around in far from dignified fashion but not even the foreign television networks , with the vast logistical operations they run , were able to establish any sightings or obtain any hard information .
reporters spent the day scurrying around in far from dignified fashion but not even the foreign television networks , with the vast logistical operations they run , were able to establish any sightings or [get] any hard information .

The opening is scheduled for 1 January , 1991 , even though they have still to obtain planning permission and Jockey Club approval .
the opening is scheduled for 1 january , 1991 , even though they have still to [get] planning permission and jockey club approval .

An informant is not required to register a death which is the subject of a coroner 's inquest , but the coroner 's officer may inform the relatives when the coroner has issued his inquest certificate to the registrar so that the relatives can obtain any death certificates from the registrar .
an informant is not required to register a death which is the subject of a coroner 's inquest , but the coroner 's officer may inform the relatives when the coroner has issued his inquest certificate to the registrar so that the relatives can [get] any death certificates from the registrar .

We list here some other places where you may be able to obtain help or advice .
we list here some other places where you may be able to [get] help or advice .

Easy to obtain and use .
easy to [get] and use .

Your house should also be in reasonable repair to obtain a grant , but if it is n't , help may be available through Renovation Grants — seek advice from your local council .
your house should also be in reasonable repair to [get] a grant , but if it is n't , help may be available through renovation grants — seek advice from your local council .

It may be that you choose to obtain a mortgage , second mortgage or a loan from a bank .
it may be that you choose to [get] a mortgage , second mortgage or a loan from a bank .

These people will help you prepare plans , obtain building regulation approval , planning permission if needed find and supervise a builder .
these people will help you prepare plans , [get] building regulation approval , planning permission if needed find and supervise a builder .

If a builder has already worked with you to obtain the above , he will also give you an estimate for the work .
if a builder has already worked with you to [get] the above , he will also give you an estimate for the work .

It is important to obtain detailed estimates .
it is important to [get] detailed estimates .

For the more expensive models , a downpayment is required at the start of the scheme , but it is still possible to obtain a car with little or no downpayment with the hire charges being met entirely by the mobility allowance .
for the more expensive models , a downpayment is required at the start of the scheme , but it is still possible to [get] a car with little or no downpayment with the hire charges being met entirely by the mobility allowance .

If you pay by cash you will normally obtain a receipt as proof of payment .
if you pay by cash you will normally [get] a receipt as proof of payment .

In the same way , if your spouse pays income tax at the higher rate and you pay tax at only the ( lower ) basic rate , then in order to obtain Higher Rate Tax Relief , your spouse should enter into the covenant , or into a Joint Deed of Covenant with you , and he/she should actually make the covenant payments .
in the same way , if your spouse pays income tax at the higher rate and you pay tax at only the ( lower ) basic rate , then in order to [get] higher rate tax relief , your spouse should enter into the covenant , or into a joint deed of covenant with you , and he/she should actually make the covenant payments .

Until then an individual could obtain income tax relief for a gift to charity only if the gift was made under a Deed of Covenant .
until then an individual could [get] income tax relief for a gift to charity only if the gift was made under a deed of covenant .

The charity is able to recover the basic rate tax ‘ deducted ’ and the donor can , if appropriate , obtain higher rate tax relief on his payment .
the charity is able to recover the basic rate tax ‘ deducted ’ and the donor can , if appropriate , [get] higher rate tax relief on his payment .

Without that certificate , the charity can not obtain the repayment of the basic rate tax and the donor can not get higher rate relief .
without that certificate , the charity can not [get] the repayment of the basic rate tax and the donor can not get higher rate relief .

a work of art , will not qualify ( although there are other ways for a charity to obtain tax relief on the gift of an asset ) .
a work of art , will not qualify ( although there are other ways for a charity to [get] tax relief on the gift of an asset ) .

Harvesting and storing The prudent gardener takes as much care with his produce once picked as when growing , and saves seed in order to obtain plants for free Throughout the main growing season vegetables , fruit and flowers are gathered or cut according to need , often before they are fully ripe .
harvesting and storing the prudent gardener takes as much care with his produce once picked as when growing , and saves seed in order to [get] plants for free throughout the main growing season vegetables , fruit and flowers are gathered or cut according to need , often before they are fully ripe .

Pilots who are frightened or apprehensive about stalling have not been properly trained and could be a risk to themselves and their passengers if they obtain their licence without overcoming their problem .
pilots who are frightened or apprehensive about stalling have not been properly trained and could be a risk to themselves and their passengers if they [get] their licence without overcoming their problem .

In Judaism they were venerated — which is the position they obtain in Leonard 's writing .
in judaism they were venerated — which is the position they [get] in leonard 's writing .

It may even be possible to obtain approval from opposing groups for a set of moral maxims such as peace , justice , and freedom — see the lists of values in McKernan 's ( 1980 ) research , for which he found a high level of acceptance among both Northern Ireland communities .
it may even be possible to [get] approval from opposing groups for a set of moral maxims such as peace , justice , and freedom — see the lists of values in mckernan 's ( 1980 ) research , for which he found a high level of acceptance among both northern ireland communities .

Until the mid- and late 1970s , there were simply no rules whereby groupings of parents could obtain a state-financed , multi-denominational school , as the only channels of communication in these matters were those between the Department of Education and the relevant diocesan department or other church board .
until the mid- and late 1970s , there were simply no rules whereby groupings of parents could [get] a state-financed , multi-denominational school , as the only channels of communication in these matters were those between the department of education and the relevant diocesan department or other church board .

But it had been days since he had managed to obtain a good , large dish of fresh-cooked vegetables .
but it had been days since he had managed to [get] a good , large dish of fresh-cooked vegetables .

Despite the difficulties of getting into and travelling around many of these countries — due to poor roads , curfews , civil wars , monsoons — researchers often uncover information and testimony they would never otherwise obtain .
despite the difficulties of getting into and travelling around many of these countries — due to poor roads , curfews , civil wars , monsoons — researchers often uncover information and testimony they would never otherwise [get] .

There is no quick and easy way to build muscles , but once you obtain the correct balance between training , rest and recovery , and diet , then your muscles certainly will grow .
there is no quick and easy way to build muscles , but once you [get] the correct balance between training , rest and recovery , and diet , then your muscles certainly will grow .

It is necessary to follow the routines exactly to obtain the best results .
it is necessary to follow the routines exactly to [get] the best results .

Of course , the desire to obtain control of the written word has always been one indication of the autocratic mind . This fear of open debate continues even when the publication is by a retired officer and when control is less easy for the chief officer to enforce :
of course , the desire to [get] control of the written word has always been one indication of the autocratic mind . this fear of open debate continues even when the publication is by a retired officer and when control is less easy for the chief officer to enforce :

For many years caterers could obtain only dried pasta .
for many years caterers could [get] only dried pasta .

On this side of the Channel , we mill them to obtain a flour .
on this side of the channel , we mill them to [get] a flour .

If you are lucky enough to obtain a Sear 's catalogue , or one offered by any number of American suppliers , you can give your card number and order what is required on the order form usually enclosed .
if you are lucky enough to [get] a sear 's catalogue , or one offered by any number of american suppliers , you can give your card number and order what is required on the order form usually enclosed .

Any form of measurement to obtain these calculations is helpful ; ie .
any form of measurement to [get] these calculations is helpful ; ie .

You can also obtain advice and help from various organisations ( see ‘ Helplines ’ ) .
you can also [get] advice and help from various organisations ( see ‘ helplines ’ ) .

Since it is virtually impossible to obtain cultures for the gonococcus , the chances of making the correct diagnosis are considerably reduced .
since it is virtually impossible to [get] cultures for the gonococcus , the chances of making the correct diagnosis are considerably reduced .

Although reliable figures are difficult to obtain , some 10 per cent of patients with late , untreated syphilis will go on to develop syphilitic complications involving the heart and major blood-vessels .
although reliable figures are difficult to [get] , some 10 per cent of patients with late , untreated syphilis will go on to develop syphilitic complications involving the heart and major blood-vessels .

In order to ascertain the cause of a urethritis , it is necessary to obtain material from just inside the urethral meatus .
in order to ascertain the cause of a urethritis , it is necessary to [get] material from just inside the urethral meatus .

It was necessary for the early skins to obtain a separate musical identity .
it was necessary for the early skins to [get] a separate musical identity .

They provide breathing gas to the helmet , communications wires , the hot water hose ( this must not be used in air diving ) , a phunumofathometer ( used to obtain the divers ' depth ) , closed circuit television and light cables , and for mixed gas bell diving — a gas reclaim hose .
they provide breathing gas to the helmet , communications wires , the hot water hose ( this must not be used in air diving ) , a phunumofathometer ( used to [get] the divers ' depth ) , closed circuit television and light cables , and for mixed gas bell diving — a gas reclaim hose .

There are many sources from which the farmer can obtain organic wastes for his soil , some from without and others from within his farm .
there are many sources from which the farmer can [get] organic wastes for his soil , some from without and others from within his farm .

Try to obtain free services wherever possible .
try to [get] free services wherever possible .

Obtain the best photographs you can .
[get] the best photographs you can .

The first principle must be to obtain good advice .
the first principle must be to [get] good advice .

If , for example , you obtain an injunction to halt building or demolition works , you may be interrupting a building contract ; though this may well only be temporary , the opposition may also seek an undertaking , or even a bond , to cover their costs should you lose .
if , for example , you [get] an injunction to halt building or demolition works , you may be interrupting a building contract ; though this may well only be temporary , the opposition may also seek an undertaking , or even a bond , to cover their costs should you lose .

This means they must obtain a faculty from the chancellor of the diocese .
this means they must [get] a faculty from the chancellor of the diocese .

The Greater London Council had determined to demolish it , and were hoping to obtain £1.5 million for the site .
the greater london council had determined to demolish it , and were hoping to [get] £1.5 million for the site .

All living organisms are continually in competition with other species and other members of their own species in order to obtain their needs .
all living organisms are continually in competition with other species and other members of their own species in order to [get] their needs .

Stirling managed to obtain his release , but had quite some difficulty in persuading Paddy to join him .
stirling managed to [get] his release , but had quite some difficulty in persuading paddy to join him .

All Stirling could obtain was the loan of one officer and twelve other ranks .
all stirling could [get] was the loan of one officer and twelve other ranks .

But the new rules require any directors not involved in the buy-out to obtain independent advice .
but the new rules require any directors not involved in the buy-out to [get] independent advice .

Admittedly , it 's a nuisance in going into crowded banks to obtain cash .
admittedly , it 's a nuisance in going into crowded banks to [get] cash .

You are kept constantly informed of progress and as soon as a purchaser has been introduced we will negotiate to obtain the best price .
you are kept constantly informed of progress and as soon as a purchaser has been introduced we will negotiate to [get] the best price .

The most important thing to obtain is a recommendation .
the most important thing to [get] is a recommendation .

When you have decided exactly what work needs to be done , you should obtain several quotations for the job .
when you have decided exactly what work needs to be done , you should [get] several quotations for the job .

It is worth your while to obtain detailed quotations at the outset and to insist upon a further quotation for any work which may be added to the schedule as you go along .
it is worth your while to [get] detailed quotations at the outset and to insist upon a further quotation for any work which may be added to the schedule as you go along .

If the company you have hired can not obtain materials from a builder 's merchant without any advance payment there is something wrong .
if the company you have hired can not [get] materials from a builder 's merchant without any advance payment there is something wrong .

The articled clerk then advised the wife to buy a small house in an unsuitable area with a mortgage in order to obtain mortgage relief , even though she had no taxable income against which she could claim relief .
the articled clerk then advised the wife to buy a small house in an unsuitable area with a mortgage in order to [get] mortgage relief , even though she had no taxable income against which she could claim relief .

Mr Justice Douglas Brown said that the defendants were negligent ( 1 ) in failing to appreciate that they were dealing with a husband of substantial means who might well be able to afford to pay , not only a lump sum , but also substantial periodical payments ; ( 2 ) in failing to obtain full disclosure of the husband 's financial affairs ; ( 3 ) in failing to realise that because of family trusts and wills the husband had an expectation of further assets ; ( 4 ) in advising the wife to obtain a mortgage when she had no taxable income ; ( 5 ) in recommending a settlement which removed the wife 's undoubted right to maintenance ; and ( 6 ) in failing to use ouster proceedings to remove the husband from the matrimonial home .
mr justice douglas brown said that the defendants were negligent ( 1 ) in failing to appreciate that they were dealing with a husband of substantial means who might well be able to afford to pay , not only a lump sum , but also substantial periodical payments ; ( 2 ) in failing to [get] full disclosure of the husband 's financial affairs ; ( 3 ) in failing to realise that because of family trusts and wills the husband had an expectation of further assets ; ( 4 ) in advising the wife to [get] a mortgage when she had no taxable income ; ( 5 ) in recommending a settlement which removed the wife 's undoubted right to maintenance ; and ( 6 ) in failing to use ouster proceedings to remove the husband from the matrimonial home .

In the light of the defendants ' knowledge of her state of health it was reasonably foreseeable that that would happen if they were negligent and did not obtain a satisfactory resolution of her affairs .
in the light of the defendants ' knowledge of her state of health it was reasonably foreseeable that that would happen if they were negligent and did not [get] a satisfactory resolution of her affairs .

Mr Geoffrey Barnes , Hong Kong 's secretary for security , said the action had been taken only after ‘ repeated efforts to obtain the co-operation of boat people and warnings that the search would have to be carried out regardless of their objections ’ .
mr geoffrey barnes , hong kong 's secretary for security , said the action had been taken only after ‘ repeated efforts to [get] the co-operation of boat people and warnings that the search would have to be carried out regardless of their objections ’ .

Factories will be required to obtain prior authorisation from Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Pollution to carry out industrial processes .
factories will be required to [get] prior authorisation from her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution to carry out industrial processes .

Mr Horn may also be able to obtain some assistance in the repatriation of 30,000 Romanian citizens who sought refuge in Hungary during Ceausescu 's dictatorship .
mr horn may also be able to [get] some assistance in the repatriation of 30,000 romanian citizens who sought refuge in hungary during ceausescu 's dictatorship .

At best , admission was obtained only on the basis of a joint venture with a Japanese company , and entry of any kind was often impossible to obtain , at least until the Japanese themselves had established a strong presence — domestically and internationally — in the market sector concerned .
at best , admission was obtained only on the basis of a joint venture with a japanese company , and entry of any kind was often impossible to [get] , at least until the japanese themselves had established a strong presence — domestically and internationally — in the market sector concerned .

The international marketer , therefore , is still faced with a multitude of differing legal environments , about which information may be difficult to obtain , and once obtained may be very difficult to interpret .
the international marketer , therefore , is still faced with a multitude of differing legal environments , about which information may be difficult to [get] , and once obtained may be very difficult to interpret .

Information is usually difficult to obtain or unreliable in less-developed countries , and the problem is obtaining enough of it that is relevant and trustworthy .
information is usually difficult to [get] or unreliable in less-developed countries , and the problem is obtaining enough of it that is relevant and trustworthy .

Often on coming from school tired , she takes consolation in the fact that her mother seems content and happy in her role — maybe there is a chance she will be too … parents often have few outside contacts … the mother especially tries to obtain most of her emotional satisfaction from her children .
often on coming from school tired , she takes consolation in the fact that her mother seems content and happy in her role — maybe there is a chance she will be too … parents often have few outside contacts … the mother especially tries to [get] most of her emotional satisfaction from her children .

In refusing people admission at the airport , Immigration Officers have to obtain the approval of an Inspector in direct contact with the Home Office .
in refusing people admission at the airport , immigration officers have to [get] the approval of an inspector in direct contact with the home office .

At school he did ‘ extraordinarily badly ’ by his own admission and he also failed to obtain a degree in agriculture at Cambridge University , but with his sights firmly fixed on a career in the family business , such academic shortcomings represented no real handicap .
at school he did ‘ extraordinarily badly ’ by his own admission and he also failed to [get] a degree in agriculture at cambridge university , but with his sights firmly fixed on a career in the family business , such academic shortcomings represented no real handicap .

It is the problem of how the necessary support , in a physical and environmental sense , which in different circumstances the old would obtain in the setting of a family or a closely-knit village community , can be available to these millions of ageing individuals isolated in a modern industrial society .
it is the problem of how the necessary support , in a physical and environmental sense , which in different circumstances the old would [get] in the setting of a family or a closely-knit village community , can be available to these millions of ageing individuals isolated in a modern industrial society .

The other concurrent development was the growing and irrepressible conviction that the inhabitants of India would claim and must sooner or later obtain responsibility for their own government .
the other concurrent development was the growing and irrepressible conviction that the inhabitants of india would claim and must sooner or later [get] responsibility for their own government .

This network was so well developed that when Captain Hugh Clapperton ‘ discovered ’ Kano in 1824 he was able to obtain cash from a local merchant in return for a bill of exchange on the British consul at Tripoli .
this network was so well developed that when captain hugh clapperton ‘ discovered ’ kano in 1824 he was able to [get] cash from a local merchant in return for a bill of exchange on the british consul at tripoli .

When imported cloth became more difficult to obtain from the mid 1980s tailors and seamstresses reverted to using a higher proportion of home-spun cloth woven on handlooms .
when imported cloth became more difficult to [get] from the mid 1980s tailors and seamstresses reverted to using a higher proportion of home-spun cloth woven on handlooms .

Motability was set up in 1977 on the initiative of the government to help holders of mobility allowance and war pensioners ' mobility supplement use their allowance to obtain a vehicle .
motability was set up in 1977 on the initiative of the government to help holders of mobility allowance and war pensioners ' mobility supplement use their allowance to [get] a vehicle .

It is not possible to obtain any currency until you arrive in the country .
it is not possible to [get] any currency until you arrive in the country .

‘ For years we had been trying to lower and streamline the bonnets of front-engined cars and the mid-engined configuration allowed us to obtain an extremely low nose , deeply recessed between sculpted front wings that sloped down to the headlights , which were contained in a plexiglass fairing to continue the line .
‘ for years we had been trying to lower and streamline the bonnets of front-engined cars and the mid-engined configuration allowed us to [get] an extremely low nose , deeply recessed between sculpted front wings that sloped down to the headlights , which were contained in a plexiglass fairing to continue the line .

More feels this presence of the past when ‘ we look into the eyes of love ’ and obtain ‘ for one supercelestial moment — the glimpse of a reality never before imagined , and never again to be revealed ’ .
more feels this presence of the past when ‘ we look into the eyes of love ’ and [get] ‘ for one supercelestial moment — the glimpse of a reality never before imagined , and never again to be revealed ’ .

Exploitation for Marx is the process by which a group of people are deprived of the full value of their labour so that what they have lost becomes a surplus for another group who obtain this element .
exploitation for marx is the process by which a group of people are deprived of the full value of their labour so that what they have lost becomes a surplus for another group who [get] this element .

Marx believed that the history of human societies was to be explained first of all by the nature of man as an animal who had to obtain a living from his geographical environment , which meant not only staying alive , but also being able to look after one 's offspring until they could look after themselves .
marx believed that the history of human societies was to be explained first of all by the nature of man as an animal who had to [get] a living from his geographical environment , which meant not only staying alive , but also being able to look after one 's offspring until they could look after themselves .

Such exchanges take place not because people need to obtain what they do not produce but in order to demonstrate and maintain social links , often of an egalitarian kind .
such exchanges take place not because people need to [get] what they do not produce but in order to demonstrate and maintain social links , often of an egalitarian kind .

‘ It 's a question of pragmatism , because we found to obtain rights to certain tracks would have cost more than the budget for the entire picture .
‘ it 's a question of pragmatism , because we found to [get] rights to certain tracks would have cost more than the budget for the entire picture .

if no microorganisms are introduced , the regulatory permits may be easy to obtain ; and
if no microorganisms are introduced , the regulatory permits may be easy to [get] ; and

In fact some of Pople 's early work spotlighted the limitations of one praiseworthy attempt by James and Coolidge in 1933 , to use elaborate wave functions to obtain the energy of the two electrons in the hydrogen molecule .
in fact some of pople 's early work spotlighted the limitations of one praiseworthy attempt by james and coolidge in 1933 , to use elaborate wave functions to [get] the energy of the two electrons in the hydrogen molecule .

The hexachloroantimonate , , is easier to obtain — from , and sulphur — but its reactions tend to be slow due to its poor solubility in most solvents .
the hexachloroantimonate , , is easier to [get] — from , and sulphur — but its reactions tend to be slow due to its poor solubility in most solvents .

He had no problems in stocking these from the Far East , India or the Cape with help from Dutch merchant-ship captains , but he wanted to obtain those North American novelties which he knew to be flourishing at Chelsea , so in July 1736 Linnaeus came to England with a letter of introduction from Boerhaave to Sir Hans Sloane .
he had no problems in stocking these from the far east , india or the cape with help from dutch merchant-ship captains , but he wanted to [get] those north american novelties which he knew to be flourishing at chelsea , so in july 1736 linnaeus came to england with a letter of introduction from boerhaave to sir hans sloane .

At the Physic Garden Miller was equally brusque and Linnaeus found three days of tactful approach necessary to obtain the North American plants wanted for Clifford 's garden .
at the physic garden miller was equally brusque and linnaeus found three days of tactful approach necessary to [get] the north american plants wanted for clifford 's garden .

External stimulation harder to obtain , to offset dull teaching .
external stimulation harder to [get] , to offset dull teaching .

This has lead to a recognition of the need for education among the adults of the community , in the form of horticultural skills , which they will obtain from College of Agriculture advisers and the Highlands and Islands Development Board .
this has lead to a recognition of the need for education among the adults of the community , in the form of horticultural skills , which they will [get] from college of agriculture advisers and the highlands and islands development board .

Nevertheless , he was able to obtain a warrant from a county judge , Sir John Medlicot , and promptly sent his informer , a Mr. Keting , with the warrant to arrest Richard Baxter .
nevertheless , he was able to [get] a warrant from a county judge , sir john medlicot , and promptly sent his informer , a mr. keting , with the warrant to arrest richard baxter .

By 1800 , Nez Perce buffalo-hunting expeditions to the Yellowstone had become too dangerous , and five years later a council in the Kamiah valley resolved to obtain firearms for the tribe .
by 1800 , nez perce buffalo-hunting expeditions to the yellowstone had become too dangerous , and five years later a council in the kamiah valley resolved to [get] firearms for the tribe .

Hitler had hold to obtain air supremacy prior to his planned landings and invasion of Britain , but the British fighter pilots — later helped by Polish fighter pilots who had escaped from Poland and had to be trained to handle Spitfires and Hurricane fighter planes — were able to destroy so many German planes that any attempt to invade would have been disastrous .
hitler had hold to [get] air supremacy prior to his planned landings and invasion of britain , but the british fighter pilots — later helped by polish fighter pilots who had escaped from poland and had to be trained to handle spitfires and hurricane fighter planes — were able to destroy so many german planes that any attempt to invade would have been disastrous .

Although the United States of America continued to remain neutral , their relationship with Britain became further enhanced by Winston Churchill being Prime Minister , as his mother had been an American citizen , and Churchill was able , in September 1940 , to bargain successfully to obtain fifty destroyer-class ships with which to combat the German naval forces — mainly submarine boats — which were endeavouring to blockade sea borne supplies reaching Britain .
although the united states of america continued to remain neutral , their relationship with britain became further enhanced by winston churchill being prime minister , as his mother had been an american citizen , and churchill was able , in september 1940 , to bargain successfully to [get] fifty destroyer-class ships with which to combat the german naval forces — mainly submarine boats — which were endeavouring to blockade sea borne supplies reaching britain .

The second was a farmer-substitute scheme to help those who could not obtain assistance during periods of illness .
the second was a farmer-substitute scheme to help those who could not [get] assistance during periods of illness .

This contrasted with Britain where most of the part-time farmers were in rural employment and could obtain time away fairly easily .
this contrasted with britain where most of the part-time farmers were in rural employment and could [get] time away fairly easily .

Blessed are the merciful : for they shall obtain mercy .
blessed are the merciful : for they shall [get] mercy .

High structural unemployment makes alternative thinking about labour intensivity , for example more acceptable ; with less money available , small scale and community based schemes , using local resources and motivated by indigenous imagination stand far more chance of getting off the ground , provided they can obtain the right kind of encouragement and support .
high structural unemployment makes alternative thinking about labour intensivity , for example more acceptable ; with less money available , small scale and community based schemes , using local resources and motivated by indigenous imagination stand far more chance of getting off the ground , provided they can [get] the right kind of encouragement and support .

This alternative process made it possible for the first time to obtain 1- tert -alkyl , 1-cycloalkyl , 1-aryl , 1-heteroaryl and 1-aminoquinolone and azaquinolonecarboxylic acid derivatives by combined acylation and arylation ( aracylation ) of enamines and enhydrazines with o -halo- ( het ) aroyl halides .
this alternative process made it possible for the first time to [get] 1- tert -alkyl , 1-cycloalkyl , 1-aryl , 1-heteroaryl and 1-aminoquinolone and azaquinolonecarboxylic acid derivatives by combined acylation and arylation ( aracylation ) of enamines and enhydrazines with o -halo- ( het ) aroyl halides .

The near surface layers of practical supported catalysts have been studied through low energy ion scattering by making use of the high surface sensitivity and ion beam sputtering to obtain monolayer ‘ depth profiles ’ .
the near surface layers of practical supported catalysts have been studied through low energy ion scattering by making use of the high surface sensitivity and ion beam sputtering to [get] monolayer ‘ depth profiles ’ .

Short did not appear to obtain much advantage out of the opening and according to Karpov 's friend , Dmitri Bjelica , Karpov could have secured a draw by exchanging queens as the players approached the time control at move 40 .
short did not appear to [get] much advantage out of the opening and according to karpov 's friend , dmitri bjelica , karpov could have secured a draw by exchanging queens as the players approached the time control at move 40 .

The target was to obtain a sample of thirty cases , of whatever case category , in each team area .
the target was to [get] a sample of thirty cases , of whatever case category , in each team area .

These profiles obtain their distinctive features only in comparisons between teams , since no norms , whether of ‘ good ’ or of standard practices , were sought .
these profiles [get] their distinctive features only in comparisons between teams , since no norms , whether of ‘ good ’ or of standard practices , were sought .

‘ Social problems ’ are no longer the qualifying criterion for families to obtain places .
‘ social problems ’ are no longer the qualifying criterion for families to [get] places .

The police needed to obtain firm evidence to support a possible prosecution in court and the underlying fear was that untimely or precipitous social work intervention could compromise vital testimonies or material productions .
the police needed to [get] firm evidence to support a possible prosecution in court and the underlying fear was that untimely or precipitous social work intervention could compromise vital testimonies or material productions .

Some of us felt that more attention could be paid to this aspect , particularly in order to obtain a greater economic return for the heavy expenditure on government assistance .
some of us felt that more attention could be paid to this aspect , particularly in order to [get] a greater economic return for the heavy expenditure on government assistance .

It would be particularly appropriate at the present time to pay more attention to this aspect , and to obtain better information about crofters ' levels of living , including the subsistence component and remittances from emigrants .
it would be particularly appropriate at the present time to pay more attention to this aspect , and to [get] better information about crofters ' levels of living , including the subsistence component and remittances from emigrants .

Moreover , few families can have such secure or cheap fuel supplies today as those who can obtain their annual needs from only a few days work spent cutting , drying , hauling and stacking peat .
moreover , few families can have such secure or cheap fuel supplies today as those who can [get] their annual needs from only a few days work spent cutting , drying , hauling and stacking peat .

Buying privately you can pick up some excellent equipment , but it is best to obtain some independent advice from someone who knows what they are talking about .
buying privately you can pick up some excellent equipment , but it is best to [get] some independent advice from someone who knows what they are talking about .

Nevertheless , since it is impossible to obtain a clear picture of the Yugoslav economic system , and of the origin of its present economic difficulties , without giving attention to its monetary institutions and policies , this section will contain an outline of the main characteristics of these institutions and policies .
nevertheless , since it is impossible to [get] a clear picture of the yugoslav economic system , and of the origin of its present economic difficulties , without giving attention to its monetary institutions and policies , this section will contain an outline of the main characteristics of these institutions and policies .

In this way , the firm 's managers were able to obtain influence over the banks , not only in Bihać but also in Sarajevo .
in this way , the firm 's managers were able to [get] influence over the banks , not only in bihać but also in sarajevo .

At one time , some enterprises in the more developed regions invested in hotels on the Dalmatian coast in order to obtain scarce foreign exchange through the retention ratio system then in operation .
at one time , some enterprises in the more developed regions invested in hotels on the dalmatian coast in order to [get] scarce foreign exchange through the retention ratio system then in operation .

But under the rules of self-management direct investment is heavily discouraged , since the investing firms can obtain no long-term control over the management of their ‘ subsidiaries ’ , and have no prospect of receiving reasonable profits ( or even other alternative advantages ) .
but under the rules of self-management direct investment is heavily discouraged , since the investing firms can [get] no long-term control over the management of their ‘ subsidiaries ’ , and have no prospect of receiving reasonable profits ( or even other alternative advantages ) .

He developed good relations , often deep friendships , with prominent figures of the time , including Ibn Saud , who frequently sought his advice and from whom Van Der Meulen was able to obtain a number of concessions for the Dutch .
he developed good relations , often deep friendships , with prominent figures of the time , including ibn saud , who frequently sought his advice and from whom van der meulen was able to [get] a number of concessions for the dutch .

By paragraph 19 : ( 1 ) Before entering into arrangements with a deputising service … a doctor shall obtain the consent of the committee .
by paragraph 19 : ( 1 ) before entering into arrangements with a deputising service … a doctor shall [get] the consent of the committee .

The massive popularity of our parties is partly due to the fact that we offer all-night dancing , this proves the need for a facility to obtain all-night licences for one-off events .
the massive popularity of our parties is partly due to the fact that we offer all-night dancing , this proves the need for a facility to [get] all-night licences for one-off events .

This has considerable practical importance , since this is all that the prosecution has to prove in order to obtain a verdict of guilty of murder .
this has considerable practical importance , since this is all that the prosecution has to prove in order to [get] a verdict of guilty of murder .

If the man uses force or inflicts emotional shock on his wife in order to obtain sex , he is liable to conviction for assault occasioning actual bodily harm or some other offence against the person .
if the man uses force or inflicts emotional shock on his wife in order to [get] sex , he is liable to conviction for assault occasioning actual bodily harm or some other offence against the person .

We shall publish details of how to obtain it .
we shall publish details of how to [get] it .

To obtain good bushy plants , keep pinching out the tips .
to [get] good bushy plants , keep pinching out the tips .

It 's easy to obtain organic tomato seed of excellent quality by growing your own and ensuring you do not take it from diseased plants .
it 's easy to [get] organic tomato seed of excellent quality by growing your own and ensuring you do not take it from diseased plants .

In the 1920s their financial position improved and , despite the reductions of income in the 1930s , the cheap money policy which followed the abandonment of the gold standard and the move to protection , permitted them to obtain cheap mortgages to buy the thousands of three-bedroomed semi-detached houses which were being built in the South and the Midlands at between £400 and £450 .
in the 1920s their financial position improved and , despite the reductions of income in the 1930s , the cheap money policy which followed the abandonment of the gold standard and the move to protection , permitted them to [get] cheap mortgages to buy the thousands of three-bedroomed semi-detached houses which were being built in the south and the midlands at between £400 and £450 .

The first Labour government singularly failed to do anything about the level of unemployment , although it made it easier for the unemployed to obtain unemployment relief and extended benefit .
the first labour government singularly failed to do anything about the level of unemployment , although it made it easier for the unemployed to [get] unemployment relief and extended benefit .

We had gone to the Council Offices to obtain permission for him to take it with him .
we had gone to the council offices to [get] permission for him to take it with him .

And there the newsreader told the British people that efforts had been made to obtain an interview with the local Plant Manager , who had declined to comment .
and there the newsreader told the british people that efforts had been made to [get] an interview with the local plant manager , who had declined to comment .

By alloying tin with copper to make bronze we obtain a metal which is much tougher than copper alone .
by alloying tin with copper to make bronze we [get] a metal which is much tougher than copper alone .

They speculated on how far it would have been necessary to travel to obtain the stone , and whether one could precisely locate its origin .
they speculated on how far it would have been necessary to travel to [get] the stone , and whether one could precisely locate its origin .

Unmarried girls observe such vratas mainly to obtain a prosperous and loving husband , an indulgent and caring marital family , and to die before their husbands .
unmarried girls observe such vratas mainly to [get] a prosperous and loving husband , an indulgent and caring marital family , and to die before their husbands .

Finally , they perform rites to obtain children , preferably male , and for the safety and health of their children .
finally , they perform rites to [get] children , preferably male , and for the safety and health of their children .

There is a theory that spindle spinners would have used the galleries , using their drop spindles over the rails to obtain a long thread .
there is a theory that spindle spinners would have used the galleries , using their drop spindles over the rails to [get] a long thread .

It lacks versatility and is often difficult to obtain .
it lacks versatility and is often difficult to [get] .

It makes unarguable sense to concentrate materials purchases as much as is commercially desirable and to obtain supplies from as few sources as possible .
it makes unarguable sense to concentrate materials purchases as much as is commercially desirable and to [get] supplies from as few sources as possible .

The purpose of the trials has been to obtain raw data which must be assembled and evaluated to provide a basis for comparison . The data thus gained can be assembled under separate headings for each product as follows :
the purpose of the trials has been to [get] raw data which must be assembled and evaluated to provide a basis for comparison . the data thus gained can be assembled under separate headings for each product as follows :

If figures are given in gallons multiply by 45 to obtain litres .
if figures are given in gallons multiply by 45 to [get] litres .

Obtain the total cost of products used in the package from trial data based on consumption and price .
[get] the total cost of products used in the package from trial data based on consumption and price .

Obtain the cost of each product used in the trial .
[get] the cost of each product used in the trial .

These migrants are either middle or large ‘ farmers ’ who can obtain credit for farming on very easy terms from a variety of government institutions ( and in the hyper-inflationary economy of Brazil , easy credit amounts to a free gift of capital ) .
these migrants are either middle or large ‘ farmers ’ who can [get] credit for farming on very easy terms from a variety of government institutions ( and in the hyper-inflationary economy of brazil , easy credit amounts to a free gift of capital ) .

However , this class may actually enter into economic activities for private gain using , for example , its privileged position to secure credit at favourable rates of interest , obtain monopolies and franchises in import and export businesses , start up industrial enterprises , speculate in urban property and so on ( for a debate about the bureaucracy in lesser developed countries , see Coulson 1975 ; Leys 1975 : 193f . )
however , this class may actually enter into economic activities for private gain using , for example , its privileged position to secure credit at favourable rates of interest , [get] monopolies and franchises in import and export businesses , start up industrial enterprises , speculate in urban property and so on ( for a debate about the bureaucracy in lesser developed countries , see coulson 1975 ; leys 1975 : 193f . )

If you have struggled to obtain more atmospheric pictures using low lighting conditions , then this book will prove to be a valuable addition to your reference collection .
if you have struggled to [get] more atmospheric pictures using low lighting conditions , then this book will prove to be a valuable addition to your reference collection .

obtain finer grain or higher speed or better sharpness , Agfa 's Rodinal simply develops films better than most others .
[get] finer grain or higher speed or better sharpness , agfa 's rodinal simply develops films better than most others .

Neither believed it could obtain its minimal requirements by negotiation .
neither believed it could [get] its minimal requirements by negotiation .

The chambers of commerce of West Bank towns complained of their inability to obtain import and export licences , let alone the capital they needed to develop both industrial and agricultural potential .
the chambers of commerce of west bank towns complained of their inability to [get] import and export licences , let alone the capital they needed to develop both industrial and agricultural potential .

So it is likely to use the right of return as a bargaining chip over territorial concessions , unless it believes it is strong enough to obtain both territory and a return .
so it is likely to use the right of return as a bargaining chip over territorial concessions , unless it believes it is strong enough to [get] both territory and a return .

They were then trained to approach the source of an odour to obtain food .
they were then trained to approach the source of an odour to [get] food .

In a pair of experiments by Jaynes ( 1950 ) , rats were required in the first-stage task to lift one of a pair of flaps bearing distinctive cues in order to obtain food .
in a pair of experiments by jaynes ( 1950 ) , rats were required in the first-stage task to lift one of a pair of flaps bearing distinctive cues in order to [get] food .

In the event of a hung Parliament , roughly half the electorate , 48 per cent , want another general election to be held so that one party could obtain an overall majority .
in the event of a hung parliament , roughly half the electorate , 48 per cent , want another general election to be held so that one party could [get] an overall majority .

He went on to obtain a commission in the Regular Army , which involved sitting the final examination at Sandhurst , although he had not been a cadet .
he went on to [get] a commission in the regular army , which involved sitting the final examination at sandhurst , although he had not been a cadet .

At Home : Predators on the doorstep Mark Edmonds discovers how certain dealers obtain valuable antiques at knock-down prices
at home : predators on the doorstep mark edmonds discovers how certain dealers [get] valuable antiques at knock-down prices

There were two lawful ways to demolish the listed chapel — one was to have the building de-listed and the second was to obtain listed building consent for its total demolition which involved seeking representations from six conservation bodies .
there were two lawful ways to demolish the listed chapel — one was to have the building de-listed and the second was to [get] listed building consent for its total demolition which involved seeking representations from six conservation bodies .

The film 's producer , Saul Zaentz , waited 20 years to obtain the rights to the Peter Matthiessen novel on which it is based .
the film 's producer , saul zaentz , waited 20 years to [get] the rights to the peter matthiessen novel on which it is based .

He is coaxed along by Tinkerbell ( Julia Roberts ) , still sufficiently enamoured of Peter to grow woman-sized at one point in order to obtain from him ‘ a real kiss ’ .
he is coaxed along by tinkerbell ( julia roberts ) , still sufficiently enamoured of peter to grow woman-sized at one point in order to [get] from him ‘ a real kiss ’ .

He is coaxed along by Tinkerbell ( Julia Roberts ) , still sufficiently enamoured of Peter to grow woman-sized at one point in order to obtain from him ‘ a real kiss ’ .
he is coaxed along by tinkerbell ( julia roberts ) , still sufficiently enamoured of peter to grow woman-sized at one point in order to [get] from him ‘ a real kiss ’ .

Some older people may want to move to obtain more suitable housing or to be nearer their children or brothers or sisters .
some older people may want to move to [get] more suitable housing or to be nearer their children or brothers or sisters .

For those who wish to stay at home , or who can not obtain a move , Age Concern believes that there is an urgent need to improve housing conditions .
for those who wish to stay at home , or who can not [get] a move , age concern believes that there is an urgent need to improve housing conditions .

There are around 180 repair schemes to help older people obtain grants or loans for repair and improvement work .
there are around 180 repair schemes to help older people [get] grants or loans for repair and improvement work .

Owners of ‘ dangerous ’ breeds are likely to have a three-month period — until the end of November — to obtain a police permit for their animals .
owners of ‘ dangerous ’ breeds are likely to have a three-month period — until the end of november — to [get] a police permit for their animals .

You could be passing up the chance to obtain the most loving , loyal friend anyone could wish for .
you could be passing up the chance to [get] the most loving , loyal friend anyone could wish for .

The experiment thus suggests that while alpha males can trade on their superior competitive ability to obtain mates , subordinates may have to wheedle their way into favour .
the experiment thus suggests that while alpha males can trade on their superior competitive ability to [get] mates , subordinates may have to wheedle their way into favour .

Higher degrees in English are an obvious target for foreign students who have been trained in the subject in their own country , and who wish to obtain a doctoral qualification in an anglophone university before themselves becoming teachers .
higher degrees in english are an obvious target for foreign students who have been trained in the subject in their own country , and who wish to [get] a doctoral qualification in an anglophone university before themselves becoming teachers .

The university welcomes them as a source of income ; some students are funded by their own governments to obtain a doctorate and enter public service .
the university welcomes them as a source of income ; some students are funded by their own governments to [get] a doctorate and enter public service .

Christian deputies have been trying to obtain some form of timetable for a Syrian military withdrawal before accepting political reforms , but at their fifth meeting yesterday , the 62 MPs — half of them Christians — were persuaded to debate the future powers of a Christian Maronite president .
christian deputies have been trying to [get] some form of timetable for a syrian military withdrawal before accepting political reforms , but at their fifth meeting yesterday , the 62 mps — half of them christians — were persuaded to debate the future powers of a christian maronite president .

Whatever future peace Lebanon can obtain , it is not going to be under the power-sharing system that existed before the start of the civil war .
whatever future peace lebanon can [get] , it is not going to be under the power-sharing system that existed before the start of the civil war .

There have been recent attempts to obtain planning permission for the mill 's conversion into a dwelling and this may be its best chance of survival .
there have been recent attempts to [get] planning permission for the mill 's conversion into a dwelling and this may be its best chance of survival .

During the mill 's restoration , David Verey , with the co-operation of Lord Bathurst , was fortunate enough to obtain the working parts from a mill at North Cerney , these being fitted to the restored building .
during the mill 's restoration , david verey , with the co-operation of lord bathurst , was fortunate enough to [get] the working parts from a mill at north cerney , these being fitted to the restored building .

They will take on the responsibility for providing stock and glasses , experienced staff and will also obtain the necessary licence for the event .
they will take on the responsibility for providing stock and glasses , experienced staff and will also [get] the necessary licence for the event .

They also persuaded him to sign a declaration stating that he had been cautioned , which enabled them to obtain a set of fingerprints .
they also persuaded him to sign a declaration stating that he had been cautioned , which enabled them to [get] a set of fingerprints .

His lawyer , Mr Ratcliffe , advised him to obtain the services of William Fearnley Whittingshall , a brilliant young barrister .
his lawyer , mr ratcliffe , advised him to [get] the services of william fearnley whittingshall , a brilliant young barrister .

The computer screen displays an image of the patient 's skull taken before the operation using computerised tomography , a technique which combines X-ray pictures to obtain a three-dimensional image of the interior of the body .
the computer screen displays an image of the patient 's skull taken before the operation using computerised tomography , a technique which combines x-ray pictures to [get] a three-dimensional image of the interior of the body .

In addition he and his mother were able to obtain free lodgings at the house of the Privy Court Councillor , Serrarius , in return for lessons for his 15-year old daughter .
in addition he and his mother were able to [get] free lodgings at the house of the privy court councillor , serrarius , in return for lessons for his 15-year old daughter .

The object of your journey , the very necessary object was and is and must be , to obtain an appointment or to make money .
the object of your journey , the very necessary object was and is and must be , to [get] an appointment or to make money .

Now , in cases where he was convinced of the correctness of his choice of the homœopathic medicine , in order to obtain more benefit for the patient than he was able to get hitherto from prescribing a single small dose , the idea often naturally struck him to increase the dose … and , for instance , in place of giving a single very minute globule moistened with the medicine in the highest dynamization , to administer six , seven or eight of them at once , and even a half or a whole drop .
now , in cases where he was convinced of the correctness of his choice of the homœopathic medicine , in order to [get] more benefit for the patient than he was able to get hitherto from prescribing a single small dose , the idea often naturally struck him to increase the dose … and , for instance , in place of giving a single very minute globule moistened with the medicine in the highest dynamization , to administer six , seven or eight of them at once , and even a half or a whole drop .

This meant that on average a girl would have to obtain higher examination marks than a boy to secure a place at such a school .
this meant that on average a girl would have to [get] higher examination marks than a boy to secure a place at such a school .

Furthermore , if Blake had this two-way radio which he used nightly , how did he manage to obtain a supply of batteries to power it ?
furthermore , if blake had this two-way radio which he used nightly , how did he manage to [get] a supply of batteries to power it ?

Few of her readers would have read the books and in wartime would be unlikely to obtain them .
few of her readers would have read the books and in wartime would be unlikely to [get] them .

At the cab rank they went to the shelter , where drivers could while away the night hours in warmth and obtain food .
at the cab rank they went to the shelter , where drivers could while away the night hours in warmth and [get] food .

It is not just in professional and business circles that personal contacts help people obtain jobs .
it is not just in professional and business circles that personal contacts help people [get] jobs .

To obtain the appropriate qualifications , however , is a costly business , for the most desired are earned through attendance at expensive North American business schools .
to [get] the appropriate qualifications , however , is a costly business , for the most desired are earned through attendance at expensive north american business schools .

‘ The peasant economy can be defined quite simply as that Form of farm production ( and associated activities ) in which the producer and his family till the land themselves , generally utilising their own means of production ( tools and instruments ) , with the object of directly satisfying their basic needs , although for a number of reasons they may find themselves required to sell a part of their produce on the market in order to obtain goods which they do not produce . ( Stavenhagen 1978 : 31 )
‘ the peasant economy can be defined quite simply as that form of farm production ( and associated activities ) in which the producer and his family till the land themselves , generally utilising their own means of production ( tools and instruments ) , with the object of directly satisfying their basic needs , although for a number of reasons they may find themselves required to sell a part of their produce on the market in order to [get] goods which they do not produce . ( stavenhagen 1978 : 31 )

It was almost impossible to obtain work permits .
it was almost impossible to [get] work permits .

He delivered his dissertation on time , was awarded his doctorate , and was lucky enough to obtain a lectureship in the Comparative Literature Department at the University of Suffolk , ‘ the last new job in Romanticism this century ’ , as he was wont to describe it , with justifiable hyperbole .
he delivered his dissertation on time , was awarded his doctorate , and was lucky enough to [get] a lectureship in the comparative literature department at the university of suffolk , ‘ the last new job in romanticism this century ’ , as he was wont to describe it , with justifiable hyperbole .

One crucial condition which , in the case of political authorities governing sizeable societies , is necessary to establish their legitimacy , does not obtain .
one crucial condition which , in the case of political authorities governing sizeable societies , is necessary to establish their legitimacy , does not [get] .

And in both cases if these conditions obtain some compromise will be reached , or at least there is a good chance that it will .
and in both cases if these conditions [get] some compromise will be reached , or at least there is a good chance that it will .

Then comes the expected , ‘ unless the custody officer has reasonable grounds for believing that his detention without being charged is necessary to secure or preserve evidence relating to an offence for which he is under arrest or to obtain such evidence by questioning him ’ [ emphasis added ] .
then comes the expected , ‘ unless the custody officer has reasonable grounds for believing that his detention without being charged is necessary to secure or preserve evidence relating to an offence for which he is under arrest or to [get] such evidence by questioning him ’ [ emphasis added ] .

If not , the suspect is to be let go , unless , once again , detention is ‘ necessary to secure or preserve evidence relating to an offence or to obtain such evidence by questioning ’ [ emphasis added ] .
if not , the suspect is to be let go , unless , once again , detention is ‘ necessary to secure or preserve evidence relating to an offence or to [get] such evidence by questioning ’ [ emphasis added ] .

The offence must be a ‘ serious arrestable ’ one ; the investigation must be being ‘ conducted diligently and expeditiously ’ ; and there must be a need to secure or preserve evidence or ‘ to obtain such evidence by questioning him ’ [ emphasis added ] .
the offence must be a ‘ serious arrestable ’ one ; the investigation must be being ‘ conducted diligently and expeditiously ’ ; and there must be a need to secure or preserve evidence or ‘ to [get] such evidence by questioning him ’ [ emphasis added ] .

Finally , the twenty-four hours of detention do not have to have produced one jot of evidence to justify their continuation ; it is enough that the police want to obtain such evidence by further questioning .
finally , the twenty-four hours of detention do not have to have produced one jot of evidence to justify their continuation ; it is enough that the police want to [get] such evidence by further questioning .

In particular , it is enough for the police to maintain that ‘ detention without charge is necessary … to obtain evidence by questioning ’ .
in particular , it is enough for the police to maintain that ‘ detention without charge is necessary … to [get] evidence by questioning ’ .

They would have married sooner but had to wait for her divorce ; Pamela Chrimes told me that it took some time to obtain the evidence of adultery which was then necessary .
they would have married sooner but had to wait for her divorce ; pamela chrimes told me that it took some time to [get] the evidence of adultery which was then necessary .

To obtain the latter , there emerged a peculiarly modern group of businessmen who called themselves ‘ undertakers ’ or ‘ adventurers ’ .
to [get] the latter , there emerged a peculiarly modern group of businessmen who called themselves ‘ undertakers ’ or ‘ adventurers ’ .

They spoke of ‘ an increasing displacement of the traditional curriculum in favour of new and artificial subjects ’ ; and they concluded that instead of such ‘ infantilizing ’ nonsense , ‘ the difficult subjects of the traditional curriculum are … the thing that is required if a child is to obtain either the competence necessary for a successful adult life , or the wider understanding and enriched experience which are the greatest benefits of education ’ .
they spoke of ‘ an increasing displacement of the traditional curriculum in favour of new and artificial subjects ’ ; and they concluded that instead of such ‘ infantilizing ’ nonsense , ‘ the difficult subjects of the traditional curriculum are … the thing that is required if a child is to [get] either the competence necessary for a successful adult life , or the wider understanding and enriched experience which are the greatest benefits of education ’ .

If this creates financial hardship , the social worker may be able to help obtain grants to assist with the extra heating costs .
if this creates financial hardship , the social worker may be able to help [get] grants to assist with the extra heating costs .

If money is short while the patient is ill , there is great pressure on the carer and the family , and often it may mean that the patient is unable to receive the specialist rehabilitation treatment which is increasingly difficult to obtain under the National Health Service .
if money is short while the patient is ill , there is great pressure on the carer and the family , and often it may mean that the patient is unable to receive the specialist rehabilitation treatment which is increasingly difficult to [get] under the national health service .

Most of Dawn 's treatment was done privately , because she could not obtain adequate long-term treatment through the National Health Service .
most of dawn 's treatment was done privately , because she could not [get] adequate long-term treatment through the national health service .

Dawn was advised that she might obtain more money if she went to court , but she felt that this would be too hard for her emotionally , even though she had no memory of the accident or indeed of the friend who had died .
dawn was advised that she might [get] more money if she went to court , but she felt that this would be too hard for her emotionally , even though she had no memory of the accident or indeed of the friend who had died .

And there came with him thirty and six Kings , and one Moorish Queen , who was a negress , and she brought with her two hundred horsewomen , all negresses like herself , all having their hair shorn save a tuft on the top , and this was in token that they came as if upon a pilgrimage , and to obtain the remission of their sins ; and they were all armed in coats of mail and with Turkish bows .
and there came with him thirty and six kings , and one moorish queen , who was a negress , and she brought with her two hundred horsewomen , all negresses like herself , all having their hair shorn save a tuft on the top , and this was in token that they came as if upon a pilgrimage , and to [get] the remission of their sins ; and they were all armed in coats of mail and with turkish bows .

These moulds were found as holes in the ash by the nineteenth century excavators , and they discovered that by pouring in a setting compound such as plaster of Paris they could obtain a complete three dimensional cast of the original corpse .
these moulds were found as holes in the ash by the nineteenth century excavators , and they discovered that by pouring in a setting compound such as plaster of paris they could [get] a complete three dimensional cast of the original corpse .

First , though , one has to obtain a very thin section of the rock , thin enough to be translucent .
first , though , one has to [get] a very thin section of the rock , thin enough to be translucent .

It is not a comprehensive inspection but should be sufficient to obtain a general opinion of the parts of the building that can be seen .
it is not a comprehensive inspection but should be sufficient to [get] a general opinion of the parts of the building that can be seen .

Timber can usually be treated in situ , so if you detect or suspect infestation it is best to obtain a survey from a reputable timber treatment firm ( or more than one ) , who will provide a 30-year guarantee of their treatment .
timber can usually be treated in situ , so if you detect or suspect infestation it is best to [get] a survey from a reputable timber treatment firm ( or more than one ) , who will provide a 30-year guarantee of their treatment .

Obtain from your solicitor copies of the Land Registry plan and the Ownership and Charges Register , showing the land , boundaries , restrictive covenants , etc .
[get] from your solicitor copies of the land registry plan and the ownership and charges register , showing the land , boundaries , restrictive covenants , etc .

Obtain from your solicitor or the vendor copies of all guarantees such as those for damp-proofing , wood treatment , new windows , roofs etc .
[get] from your solicitor or the vendor copies of all guarantees such as those for damp-proofing , wood treatment , new windows , roofs etc .

Take the external measurements of the house and outbuildings ( you will need these for insurance purposes ) to give you an idea of the overall size , which you can obtain by multiplying the area by the number of floors .
take the external measurements of the house and outbuildings ( you will need these for insurance purposes ) to give you an idea of the overall size , which you can [get] by multiplying the area by the number of floors .

If so , ask your solicitor to arrange this , for he will need to obtain the permission of the vendor 's solicitor first .
if so , ask your solicitor to arrange this , for he will need to [get] the permission of the vendor 's solicitor first .

If you believe that the property has been seriously overpriced , you should instruct your solicitor to obtain an independent valuation , unless you have a mortgage company which has already done this for you .
if you believe that the property has been seriously overpriced , you should instruct your solicitor to [get] an independent valuation , unless you have a mortgage company which has already done this for you .

To obtain a greater degree of permanence the time symbols of oral speech had to be converted into the space symbols of written speech .
to [get] a greater degree of permanence the time symbols of oral speech had to be converted into the space symbols of written speech .

He had said that the Government needed to be ‘ wary of providing incentives to obtain a particular benefit which can erode a sense of personal responsibility and adversely affect behaviour ’ .
he had said that the government needed to be ‘ wary of providing incentives to [get] a particular benefit which can erode a sense of personal responsibility and adversely affect behaviour ’ .

Woolmer used his many South African contacts to obtain Smith a winter job with a coloured club in Cape Town .
woolmer used his many south african contacts to [get] smith a winter job with a coloured club in cape town .

If they pay a service charge they have the right to obtain a summary of the costs on which their service charge is calculated and to inspect the accounts and receipts on which the summary is based .
if they pay a service charge they have the right to [get] a summary of the costs on which their service charge is calculated and to inspect the accounts and receipts on which the summary is based .

The elderly and disabled can obtain quite substantial financial help from several sources .
the elderly and disabled can [get] quite substantial financial help from several sources .

Widow 's bereavement allowance ( additional to the single person 's allowance for two years after husband 's death . Widowers do not obtain this benefit , merely a tax repayment if their wife was working up until her death ) £1590
widow 's bereavement allowance ( additional to the single person 's allowance for two years after husband 's death . widowers do not [get] this benefit , merely a tax repayment if their wife was working up until her death ) £1590

There are many useful leaflets you can obtain from the Inland Revenue and from the various organisations listed at the back of the book , that will help you if you find your tax situation confusing .
there are many useful leaflets you can [get] from the inland revenue and from the various organisations listed at the back of the book , that will help you if you find your tax situation confusing .

For example , you may be able to obtain a grant to insulate your loft if your house is old and has no insulation at all ; or to replace your roof , or install proper plumbing and bathrooms , if your house is over 100 years old .
for example , you may be able to [get] a grant to insulate your loft if your house is old and has no insulation at all ; or to replace your roof , or install proper plumbing and bathrooms , if your house is over 100 years old .

There are a limited number of places on each walk so it is best to obtain your ticket in advance .
there are a limited number of places on each walk so it is best to [get] your ticket in advance .

They obtain 70 per cent of their energy from burning coal , usually the brown variety , which has a high sulphur content and a low energy value .
they [get] 70 per cent of their energy from burning coal , usually the brown variety , which has a high sulphur content and a low energy value .

This vitamin is missing in a vegan diet and may be difficult to obtain in vegetarian diets
this vitamin is missing in a vegan diet and may be difficult to [get] in vegetarian diets

On the other hand , people whose words are not answered may have to spend a lifetime screaming for what they want or need , convinced that only if they demand loudly , cajole , beg , bully or threaten , will they obtain what they want .
on the other hand , people whose words are not answered may have to spend a lifetime screaming for what they want or need , convinced that only if they demand loudly , cajole , beg , bully or threaten , will they [get] what they want .

In giving to their children what they felt they needed and did not have themselves , they obtain gratification and solace .
in giving to their children what they felt they needed and did not have themselves , they [get] gratification and solace .

Or do we use stealth to obtain it ?
or do we use stealth to [get] it ?

Despite her normal command over words , June Braithwaite found it difficult to ask in ways that were likely to obtain for her what she wanted .
despite her normal command over words , june braithwaite found it difficult to ask in ways that were likely to [get] for her what she wanted .

The problem , whether it be vaginismus ( painful contraction of the vaginal muscles ) in the woman or failure to obtain an erection by the man , can be complained about and used as a defence against recognizing the problem in the self .
the problem , whether it be vaginismus ( painful contraction of the vaginal muscles ) in the woman or failure to [get] an erection by the man , can be complained about and used as a defence against recognizing the problem in the self .

France should , de Choiseul hoped , be able to assemble a striking force of 22 large vessels from Brest , Ferrol , 13 miles [ 21 km ] north-east of Corunna , and Cadiz , sufficient to obtain local superiority at the decisive point , provided Spain contributed eight ships .
france should , de choiseul hoped , be able to assemble a striking force of 22 large vessels from brest , ferrol , 13 miles [ 21 km ] north-east of corunna , and cadiz , sufficient to [get] local superiority at the decisive point , provided spain contributed eight ships .

The French used this period of waiting to obtain up-to-the-minute intelligence about Portsmouth .
the french used this period of waiting to [get] up-to-the-minute intelligence about portsmouth .

Newly married , the Freedmans were able to obtain exit visas for themselves .
newly married , the freedmans were able to [get] exit visas for themselves .

Similarly , accurate estimates of the marginal costs of production are often very difficult to obtain .
similarly , accurate estimates of the marginal costs of production are often very difficult to [get] .

This number is seen to be much higher in the later 1970s and in the 1980s , supporting the view that more and more school-leavers were then finding it increasingly difficult to obtain jobs in the first six months after leaving school .
this number is seen to be much higher in the later 1970s and in the 1980s , supporting the view that more and more school-leavers were then finding it increasingly difficult to [get] jobs in the first six months after leaving school .

Second , most workers believe that the more time they spend searching for a job , the more likely it is that they will obtain one which meets their requirements , particularly in so far as the wage rate and working conditions are concerned .
second , most workers believe that the more time they spend searching for a job , the more likely it is that they will [get] one which meets their requirements , particularly in so far as the wage rate and working conditions are concerned .

Having decided upon the items to be included in the calculation , the next step is to obtain the monthly price quotations .
having decided upon the items to be included in the calculation , the next step is to [get] the monthly price quotations .

To obtain a slot write , giving day of show , aircraft type , registration , point of departure and desired arrival time , to : For all other information on the show , and advance ticket booking , call 0959 540959 .
to [get] a slot write , giving day of show , aircraft type , registration , point of departure and desired arrival time , to : for all other information on the show , and advance ticket booking , call 0959 540959 .

Although wood is not easy to obtain and certainly not cheap , many schools do find ways of obtaining quantities of off-cuts of softwood suitable for the children to use .
although wood is not easy to [get] and certainly not cheap , many schools do find ways of obtaining quantities of off-cuts of softwood suitable for the children to use .

This was a wide-ranging exploratory survey , designed ‘ to obtain some basic information about current training provision which could be used in identifying more specific areas of enquiry … a pilot study focussing on public libraries only ’ .
this was a wide-ranging exploratory survey , designed ‘ to [get] some basic information about current training provision which could be used in identifying more specific areas of enquiry … a pilot study focussing on public libraries only ’ .

Training officers ' needs have also provided a stimulus for co-operative groups , both in terms of their need to obtain maximum benefit from resources ( benefits which can improve when resources are pooled ) and also in terms of their need to meet and exchange information/ideas :
training officers ' needs have also provided a stimulus for co-operative groups , both in terms of their need to [get] maximum benefit from resources ( benefits which can improve when resources are pooled ) and also in terms of their need to meet and exchange information/ideas :

Is there some way to receive counsel about this purchase ? For example , if you are not mechanically inclined it makes sense to obtain the counsel of someone who is before buying a car .
is there some way to receive counsel about this purchase ? for example , if you are not mechanically inclined it makes sense to [get] the counsel of someone who is before buying a car .

They obtain most of the liquid they need through the intake of green vegetation .
they [get] most of the liquid they need through the intake of green vegetation .

So , first obtain your ferrets .
so , first [get] your ferrets .

Keep trying different spots until you become aware of how and where to obtain the best signal .
keep trying different spots until you become aware of how and where to [get] the best signal .

Our first step is to obtain information about the hens ' own point of view .
our first step is to [get] information about the hens ' own point of view .

Ronald Milne describes his investigation of the dynamics of the gold swing and suggests a way golfers could obtain more accuracy in their shots .
ronald milne describes his investigation of the dynamics of the gold swing and suggests a way golfers could [get] more accuracy in their shots .

Until 1857 in England , the only way a person could obtain civil divorce was through introducing a private act of Parliament .
until 1857 in england , the only way a person could [get] civil divorce was through introducing a private act of parliament .

It was recognised that several sources might have to be approached in order to obtain comprehensive data on this subject .
it was recognised that several sources might have to be approached in order to [get] comprehensive data on this subject .

This does not mean that they did not liaise with other services for almost ail clients , merely that for only a third of their clients did they obtain or increase the services of other providers .
this does not mean that they did not liaise with other services for almost ail clients , merely that for only a third of their clients did they [get] or increase the services of other providers .

In each case the team 's community psychiatric nurse or social worker was designated as key worker and would continue to monitor every patient , as well as to obtain or increase other services when they thought necessary .
in each case the team 's community psychiatric nurse or social worker was designated as key worker and would continue to monitor every patient , as well as to [get] or increase other services when they thought necessary .

The development officers clearly fulfilled the objectives established for them : they assessed their clients ’ needs , negotiated with other service-providers to obtain increased support from existing sources , they recruited local support workers for all clients whom they assessed as needing enhanced care ; this enhanced support was obtained quickly and with few difficulties , and clearly several very dependent clients were sustained at home as a result of this care .
the development officers clearly fulfilled the objectives established for them : they assessed their clients ’ needs , negotiated with other service-providers to [get] increased support from existing sources , they recruited local support workers for all clients whom they assessed as needing enhanced care ; this enhanced support was obtained quickly and with few difficulties , and clearly several very dependent clients were sustained at home as a result of this care .

It is possible to obtain aromatherapy grade oils but , before we discuss that , let us take a look at the main extraction methods in operation today .
it is possible to [get] aromatherapy grade oils but , before we discuss that , let us take a look at the main extraction methods in operation today .

Incidentally , it is still possible to obtain enfleurage absolutes of tuberose and jasmine from several French distillers ( contact Kittywake Oils , address on page 131 ) .
incidentally , it is still possible to [get] enfleurage absolutes of tuberose and jasmine from several french distillers ( contact kittywake oils , address on page 131 ) .

Indeed , it is possible to obtain organic oils from a few suppliers ( see page 131 ) , but these essences are considerably more expensive than those from plants grown with chemical fertilizers and sprayed with non-organic pesticides .
indeed , it is possible to [get] organic oils from a few suppliers ( see page 131 ) , but these essences are considerably more expensive than those from plants grown with chemical fertilizers and sprayed with non-organic pesticides .

Most aromatherapists obtain their oils from reputable mail order suppliers ( see page 131 ) , not from shops concerned with beauty and perfumery .
most aromatherapists [get] their oils from reputable mail order suppliers ( see page 131 ) , not from shops concerned with beauty and perfumery .

This was later squeezed to obtain the essential oil .
this was later squeezed to [get] the essential oil .

To obtain this private statute it is necessary for the local authority to promote a Bill in Parliament laid down by Parliament .
to [get] this private statute it is necessary for the local authority to promote a bill in parliament laid down by parliament .

The candidate must be proposed and seconded and after being proposed and seconded he must obtain the signatures of eight assentors , except in the case of a parish , town or community council election where assentors are not required .
the candidate must be proposed and seconded and after being proposed and seconded he must [get] the signatures of eight assentors , except in the case of a parish , town or community council election where assentors are not required .

When obtaining signatures to the nomination paper the candidate must obtain the signatures of the proposer and seconder first .
when obtaining signatures to the nomination paper the candidate must [get] the signatures of the proposer and seconder first .

The candidate should obtain a free copy of the register of electors from the electoral registration officer for he is entitled to this by statute .
the candidate should [get] a free copy of the register of electors from the electoral registration officer for he is entitled to this by statute .

The newly-elected councillor should welcome the opportunity of serving on these outside bodies for only by so doing can he obtain a full appreciation of the part which these bodies play in local administration .
the newly-elected councillor should welcome the opportunity of serving on these outside bodies for only by so doing can he [get] a full appreciation of the part which these bodies play in local administration .

He can obtain from the chief executive or clerk of the authority an appropriate form and this will then save him from making repeated disclosures at any time when any matter in which he or his wife is interested is being discussed .
he can [get] from the chief executive or clerk of the authority an appropriate form and this will then save him from making repeated disclosures at any time when any matter in which he or his wife is interested is being discussed .

Offering small quantities would also give greater variety to people 's diets , a variety which they may be unable to obtain if they can only buy in quantity .
offering small quantities would also give greater variety to people 's diets , a variety which they may be unable to [get] if they can only buy in quantity .

Some women who started work after their children had grown up felt the need to continue working in order to obtain a reasonable pension on retirement , yet they were forced to retire at 60 , because that is the age when they become entitled to a state and/or occupational pension .
some women who started work after their children had grown up felt the need to continue working in order to [get] a reasonable pension on retirement , yet they were forced to retire at 60 , because that is the age when they become entitled to a state and/or occupational pension .

People were refused regular blood pressure testing because they were 65 , they could not obtain a mobility allowance following an accident which occurred when they were 65 , they were not welcomed by voluntary agencies who — one would imagine — are crying out for workers .
people were refused regular blood pressure testing because they were 65 , they could not [get] a mobility allowance following an accident which occurred when they were 65 , they were not welcomed by voluntary agencies who — one would imagine — are crying out for workers .

Hinkin and another youth had gone to Alton railway station and made a ‘ half-hearted attempt ’ to break into the automatic machines there to obtain cash .
hinkin and another youth had gone to alton railway station and made a ‘ half-hearted attempt ’ to break into the automatic machines there to [get] cash .

The first sequence , with a musical accompaniment , showed flowers in the grounds of Guildford Castle and made use of appropriately shaped masks to obtain a dynamic visual impression .
the first sequence , with a musical accompaniment , showed flowers in the grounds of guildford castle and made use of appropriately shaped masks to [get] a dynamic visual impression .

And just as in football he knew how to get the most out of his resources , so in the factory he used his skills to obtain maximum production .
and just as in football he knew how to get the most out of his resources , so in the factory he used his skills to [get] maximum production .

No bookseller can expect to supply the bulk of a library 's orders from stock , and basically the librarian requires a quick , efficient service for material which the bookseller must obtain from the publisher .
no bookseller can expect to supply the bulk of a library 's orders from stock , and basically the librarian requires a quick , efficient service for material which the bookseller must [get] from the publisher .

Unable to obtain sanction for purchasing new cars , Manager Luff decided that the next best thing would be to re-equip the 1939 sun-saloon cars and six 1937 railcoaches , to make eighteen ‘ silent trams ’ for Marton .
unable to [get] sanction for purchasing new cars , manager luff decided that the next best thing would be to re-equip the 1939 sun-saloon cars and six 1937 railcoaches , to make eighteen ‘ silent trams ’ for marton .

England supported them , and many English financiers managed to obtain concessions to mine for silver , etc .
england supported them , and many english financiers managed to [get] concessions to mine for silver , etc .

But they gave up when they failed to obtain financial assistance from the British government .
but they gave up when they failed to [get] financial assistance from the british government .

There is an increasing tendency for cautious executives to obtain legal expenses insurance so that cost will not prove an obstacle if they ever need to call upon professional help .
there is an increasing tendency for cautious executives to [get] legal expenses insurance so that cost will not prove an obstacle if they ever need to call upon professional help .

In order to strike a fair balance between protecting the company 's commercial interests and behaving responsibly towards an unwell member of staff , management must obtain sufficient information about the medical position .
in order to strike a fair balance between protecting the company 's commercial interests and behaving responsibly towards an unwell member of staff , management must [get] sufficient information about the medical position .

If you are dismissed with pay in lieu of notice , or without notice , and you obtain new employment during the notice period , you are bound to bring into account those earnings .
if you are dismissed with pay in lieu of notice , or without notice , and you [get] new employment during the notice period , you are bound to bring into account those earnings .

If your notice period was 12 months , you might obtain damages to cover that period and yet still be asking an industrial tribunal to reimburse you to the extent of the maximum compensatory award in respect of your anticipated future loss , together with payment to you of the basic award .
if your notice period was 12 months , you might [get] damages to cover that period and yet still be asking an industrial tribunal to reimburse you to the extent of the maximum compensatory award in respect of your anticipated future loss , together with payment to you of the basic award .

When his first wife died in 1751 , he went so far as to obtain a licence to marry a certain Hannah Laskey .
when his first wife died in 1751 , he went so far as to [get] a licence to marry a certain hannah laskey .

It was in this ‘ enchanting Situation ’ that Coleridge at first hoped to obtain a cottage with six acres , the property of Lord Egmont of Enmore Castle .
it was in this ‘ enchanting situation ’ that coleridge at first hoped to [get] a cottage with six acres , the property of lord egmont of enmore castle .

However , before the sale can go ahead the Trust must obtain permission from the courts to modify the will of the Trust 's founder , Sir Henry Wellcome .
however , before the sale can go ahead the trust must [get] permission from the courts to modify the will of the trust 's founder , sir henry wellcome .

But what if we want to obtain data about the increased risk of cancer from exposure to doses of less than 50 mSv ?
but what if we want to [get] data about the increased risk of cancer from exposure to doses of less than 50 msv ?

Obtain feedback
[get] feedback

Obtain ingredients
[get] ingredients

‘ to obtain and organise resources at appropriate levels to deliver Further Education as required by statute and to meet local demand , unconstrained by financial considerations '
‘ to [get] and organise resources at appropriate levels to deliver further education as required by statute and to meet local demand , unconstrained by financial considerations '

It was realised , of course , that this ideal could never be achieved or sustained in practice , as precise information on resource needs is not easy to obtain , therefore accurate costs can not be calculated .
it was realised , of course , that this ideal could never be achieved or sustained in practice , as precise information on resource needs is not easy to [get] , therefore accurate costs can not be calculated .

obtain and organise resources to deliver education at the appropriate level to meet statutory requirements and local demand
[get] and organise resources to deliver education at the appropriate level to meet statutory requirements and local demand

Tentative root definitions for each of these were prepared , and it was then necessary to discuss them with the client to obtain feedback on the analysts ’ ideas , and to consider the direction that the study would take .
tentative root definitions for each of these were prepared , and it was then necessary to discuss them with the client to [get] feedback on the analysts ’ ideas , and to consider the direction that the study would take .

Staff in both departments found it necessary to maintain informal or social contacts to obtain information required for their tasks , and had some misgivings about the lateral flow of mutually relevant information .
staff in both departments found it necessary to maintain informal or social contacts to [get] information required for their tasks , and had some misgivings about the lateral flow of mutually relevant information .

Making a sketch in rich picture form when gathering information for any type of study , or when attempting to obtain an overview of a complex situation .
making a sketch in rich picture form when gathering information for any type of study , or when attempting to [get] an overview of a complex situation .

In order to obtain exact solutions , the first step is to obtain a general class of solutions of ( 10.2 ) .
in order to [get] exact solutions , the first step is to [get] a general class of solutions of ( 10.2 ) .

Ferrari and Ibañez ( 1987 b ) have also used a generating that is familiar in the study of solitons to obtain a solution of ( 10.2 ) in which ( 10.37 ) where and a is an arbitrary constant .
ferrari and ibañez ( 1987 b ) have also used a generating that is familiar in the study of solitons to [get] a solution of ( 10.2 ) in which ( 10.37 ) where and a is an arbitrary constant .

It is possible immediately to integrate equations ( 10.23 ) to obtain . ( 10.38 )
it is possible immediately to integrate equations ( 10.23 ) to [get] . ( 10.38 )

The similarity between these solutions has been noted by Feinstein and Ibañez ( 1989 ) , who have used known cosmological solutions to obtain a new class of colliding plane wave solutions .
the similarity between these solutions has been noted by feinstein and ibañez ( 1989 ) , who have used known cosmological solutions to [get] a new class of colliding plane wave solutions .

To obtain solutions describing the collision and interaction of plane waves with aligned linear polarization it is necessary first to solve the main field equation , which may be expressed in terms of different coordinates in any of the forms ( 9.3 ) , ( 10.2 ) , ( 10.13 ) , ( 10.62 ) or ( 10.73 ) .
to [get] solutions describing the collision and interaction of plane waves with aligned linear polarization it is necessary first to solve the main field equation , which may be expressed in terms of different coordinates in any of the forms ( 9.3 ) , ( 10.2 ) , ( 10.13 ) , ( 10.62 ) or ( 10.73 ) .

It is therefore to be expected that many of the familiar solution generating techniques can be used to obtain new colliding plane wave solutions from already known , or ‘ seed ’ , solutions .
it is therefore to be expected that many of the familiar solution generating techniques can be used to [get] new colliding plane wave solutions from already known , or ‘ seed ’ , solutions .

It may also be observed that the transformation ( 12.1 ) can be used to obtain the soliton solution of Ferrari and Ibañez ( 1987 b ) described in Section 10.4 , using as seed the Khan Penrose solution .
it may also be observed that the transformation ( 12.1 ) can be used to [get] the soliton solution of ferrari and ibañez ( 1987 b ) described in section 10.4 , using as seed the khan penrose solution .

However , they may be combined with some other method to obtain such solutions .
however , they may be combined with some other method to [get] such solutions .

The method described in this section has been used by Halilsoy ( 1988 b ) to obtain a class of solutions which appears to generalize the Szekeres solutions .
the method described in this section has been used by halilsoy ( 1988 b ) to [get] a class of solutions which appears to generalize the szekeres solutions .

Panov ( 1979 b ) has applied the generation method of Geroch ( 1971 ) , described in Section 12.3 , to obtain a non-colinear solution from a colinear one .
panov ( 1979 b ) has applied the generation method of geroch ( 1971 ) , described in section 12.3 , to [get] a non-colinear solution from a colinear one .

For many general managers , the key to their own success was either how to involve doctors and obtain co-operation or how to overcome intransigence from doctors when trying to bring about change .
for many general managers , the key to their own success was either how to involve doctors and [get] co-operation or how to overcome intransigence from doctors when trying to bring about change .

This request gives rise to an action for the coheirs to obtain Titius ’ share of the estate in so far as it exceeds that sum .
this request gives rise to an action for the coheirs to [get] titius ’ share of the estate in so far as it exceeds that sum .

First , that it is evidently the testator 's intention that Titius should obtain a hundred .
first , that it is evidently the testator 's intention that titius should [get] a hundred .

If departure from the wording depends on the testator 's intention , then this involves the assumption that the settlor would prefer his granddaughter to obtain the estate rather than the heir ( whoever that may be ) of his last surviving son to do so .
if departure from the wording depends on the testator 's intention , then this involves the assumption that the settlor would prefer his granddaughter to [get] the estate rather than the heir ( whoever that may be ) of his last surviving son to do so .

They obtain third shares in the income .
they [get] third shares in the income .

This interpretation makes it quite clear that the disposition in the will has failed , and that it is only thanks to the trust clause that the nurses do obtain this additional income .
this interpretation makes it quite clear that the disposition in the will has failed , and that it is only thanks to the trust clause that the nurses do [get] this additional income .

It is precisely this that she is seeking to obtain in this case .
it is precisely this that she is seeking to [get] in this case .

It must remain true , however , that this potentially valuable ability to obtain execution in rem was limited to certain cases .
it must remain true , however , that this potentially valuable ability to [get] execution in rem was limited to certain cases .

It may well then be valuable for the beneficiary of a trust to know that he can obtain the property intended for him if he sues and prevails in cognitio against the trustee .
it may well then be valuable for the beneficiary of a trust to know that he can [get] the property intended for him if he sues and prevails in cognitio against the trustee .

There is a conflict of rights : the settlor has a right to have the trust he has set up observed , and the beneficiary a right to obtain his due ; the creditors of the trustee have a right to obtain satisfaction from their debtor .
there is a conflict of rights : the settlor has a right to have the trust he has set up observed , and the beneficiary a right to [get] his due ; the creditors of the trustee have a right to [get] satisfaction from their debtor .

The text sets out from the premiss that the beneficiary of the trust ought to obtain the actual land ( rather than its value ) ; the question therefore is who ought to pay off the creditor to whom the land is presently pledged .
the text sets out from the premiss that the beneficiary of the trust ought to [get] the actual land ( rather than its value ) ; the question therefore is who ought to pay off the creditor to whom the land is presently pledged .

The workings of cognitio seem to have continued much as before , so the beneficiary of a trust would remain able to obtain specific performance .
the workings of cognitio seem to have continued much as before , so the beneficiary of a trust would remain able to [get] specific performance .

It had taken a week to obtain , and had Hapsburg officialdom realized that it was for him rather than Aranyos it would have been unlikely to arrive before the end of the war .
it had taken a week to [get] , and had hapsburg officialdom realized that it was for him rather than aranyos it would have been unlikely to arrive before the end of the war .

‘ Did you manage to obtain her address ? ’ asked Moreau .
‘ did you manage to [get] her address ? ’ asked moreau .

She too was a comparatively unknown artiste , and had not wished to turn the part down , since she feared she might never obtain another such opportunity .
she too was a comparatively unknown artiste , and had not wished to turn the part down , since she feared she might never [get] another such opportunity .

Staff could probably provide him with something to eat , but he would have to obtain water for himself .
staff could probably provide him with something to eat , but he would have to [get] water for himself .

The skirmishers in the fields had seen them now , and the French had started to withdraw , firing occasionally , but for the most part just running as fast as they could , to obtain cover amidst the village buildings .
the skirmishers in the fields had seen them now , and the french had started to withdraw , firing occasionally , but for the most part just running as fast as they could , to [get] cover amidst the village buildings .

We find it difficult to know how to obtain samples of families with recent baptisms , so we enlist the help of some local clergy who are interested , and we find that it seems simpler to restrict ourselves to baptism within the Anglican Church , since other baptisms in nonconformist churches and chapels suggest that the parents are of some definite religious following .
we find it difficult to know how to [get] samples of families with recent baptisms , so we enlist the help of some local clergy who are interested , and we find that it seems simpler to restrict ourselves to baptism within the anglican church , since other baptisms in nonconformist churches and chapels suggest that the parents are of some definite religious following .

So , the research worker should know something about the main ways to obtain information from the library .
so , the research worker should know something about the main ways to [get] information from the library .

The ‘ potentate ’ may have to be interviewed to obtain permission and goodwill to carry out a study in the institution he controls , such as a factory , office , school or youth club .
the ‘ potentate ’ may have to be interviewed to [get] permission and goodwill to carry out a study in the institution he controls , such as a factory , office , school or youth club .

We can obtain information from people such as these by asking questions .
we can [get] information from people such as these by asking questions .

By interviewing people we can obviously obtain a great deal of information in a relatively short time .
by interviewing people we can obviously [get] a great deal of information in a relatively short time .

Obviously we would have to be prepared to see the potentates who control the club to obtain permission to work in it .
obviously we would have to be prepared to see the potentates who control the club to [get] permission to work in it .

Let us begin by considering how we might obtain a random sample ; that is , one in which each member of the population has the same chance of being chosen .
let us begin by considering how we might [get] a random sample ; that is , one in which each member of the population has the same chance of being chosen .

As can be imagined , trying to obtain reasonable samples of the general population for relatively short interviews on such topics as voting behaviour or food preferences can result in a lot of interviewers having to call at a lot of houses over all towns and cities in the country .
as can be imagined , trying to [get] reasonable samples of the general population for relatively short interviews on such topics as voting behaviour or food preferences can result in a lot of interviewers having to call at a lot of houses over all towns and cities in the country .

One of the basic problems in surveying is to obtain a good response from one 's informants .
one of the basic problems in surveying is to [get] a good response from one 's informants .

In a survey of a ‘ closed ’ institution such as a prison or a firm the informants may be instructed to co-operate with interviewers because of agreement about the survey by the people in authority , but in many instances of samples from the general population no such authority exists and surveyors must try to obtain co-operation as best they can by interesting the informants in the survey and gaining their completely free co-operation .
in a survey of a ‘ closed ’ institution such as a prison or a firm the informants may be instructed to co-operate with interviewers because of agreement about the survey by the people in authority , but in many instances of samples from the general population no such authority exists and surveyors must try to [get] co-operation as best they can by interesting the informants in the survey and gaining their completely free co-operation .

These are the human skills of the interviewer which will obtain good interviews without over-assisting the informants .
these are the human skills of the interviewer which will [get] good interviews without over-assisting the informants .

The irony is that having frittered our energies away in our endeavour to possess the object of our desire , having done all we can , even lied or deceived in order to obtain the object of our desire , we lose interest in that object because , whether consciously or not , we realize that we have not found lasting satisfaction or peace of mind .
the irony is that having frittered our energies away in our endeavour to possess the object of our desire , having done all we can , even lied or deceived in order to [get] the object of our desire , we lose interest in that object because , whether consciously or not , we realize that we have not found lasting satisfaction or peace of mind .

If you begin by running on your toes very slowly , even at walking pace , you will be able to obtain the benefits without strain .
if you begin by running on your toes very slowly , even at walking pace , you will be able to [get] the benefits without strain .

Name five lakes in England and state where they are situated . Where does each of the following towns obtain its water supply ? : — Liverpool , Birkenhead , Manchester ?
name five lakes in england and state where they are situated . where does each of the following towns [get] its water supply ? : — liverpool , birkenhead , manchester ?

Its most popular usage is in rituals to obtain sexual favours .
its most popular usage is in rituals to [get] sexual favours .

The advantage for the customer is that own brands are often cheaper than well-known brand names and the customer knows where to obtain the product .
the advantage for the customer is that own brands are often cheaper than well-known brand names and the customer knows where to [get] the product .

For most diurnal raptors it was difficult to obtain large enough samples , not through any shortage of pellet collections but because they contained so little bone .
for most diurnal raptors it was difficult to [get] large enough samples , not through any shortage of pellet collections but because they contained so little bone .

Felids produce the greatest amount of damage , so great that it has not been possible to obtain any bone samples large enough to quantify .
felids produce the greatest amount of damage , so great that it has not been possible to [get] any bone samples large enough to quantify .

With a few exceptions , insectivores are much less commonly represented in pellet assemblages , and lagomorphs even less so , and it has proved impossible to obtain large enough samples of these species to provide numerical data .
with a few exceptions , insectivores are much less commonly represented in pellet assemblages , and lagomorphs even less so , and it has proved impossible to [get] large enough samples of these species to provide numerical data .

Len possessed that amazing ability that is sometimes found in footballers , to ‘ hang ’ in the air for a fraction of a second , so enabling him to obtain greater power and better direction from the ensuing header .
len possessed that amazing ability that is sometimes found in footballers , to ‘ hang ’ in the air for a fraction of a second , so enabling him to [get] greater power and better direction from the ensuing header .

The existence of the network ensures that searchers do not have to go to London to obtain this information .
the existence of the network ensures that searchers do not have to go to london to [get] this information .

By telexing the Science Reference Library in London we can obtain copies of foreign patents usually within the week .
by telexing the science reference library in london we can [get] copies of foreign patents usually within the week .

Anyone wishing to book for a group more than four weeks in advance should obtain and return a booking form ( address on back page ) .
anyone wishing to book for a group more than four weeks in advance should [get] and return a booking form ( address on back page ) .

Vial was invited to supervise the autopsy , which was performed ( whether in part or as a whole is not clear ) by Edmund Bond ( later to be the first pupil to obtain a certificate from the medical examining committee of the London Veterinary College in 1794 ) .
vial was invited to supervise the autopsy , which was performed ( whether in part or as a whole is not clear ) by edmund bond ( later to be the first pupil to [get] a certificate from the medical examining committee of the london veterinary college in 1794 ) .

John Gamgee gave a considered opinion of Coleman in 1855 : ‘ Coleman was by education , character and deportment , a fair example of an English gentleman … By the urbanity of his almost patrician deportment , Coleman tended greatly to raise the standard of the profession in public esteem , and he powerfully contributed to obtain for veterinarians the grade of commissioned officers in the army .
john gamgee gave a considered opinion of coleman in 1855 : ‘ coleman was by education , character and deportment , a fair example of an english gentleman … by the urbanity of his almost patrician deportment , coleman tended greatly to raise the standard of the profession in public esteem , and he powerfully contributed to [get] for veterinarians the grade of commissioned officers in the army .

The criticisms that have been levelled at Coleman on educational and other matters have included assertions that he admitted unsuitable pupils ; unduly shortened the course of instruction ; concentrated that instruction solely on diseases of the horse ; allowed undue medical interference in the development of the profession , particularly in respect of the examining committee , solely composed of medical men ; barred veterinary surgeons from becoming subscribers to the College , and thwarted attempts by the profession to obtain a charter .
the criticisms that have been levelled at coleman on educational and other matters have included assertions that he admitted unsuitable pupils ; unduly shortened the course of instruction ; concentrated that instruction solely on diseases of the horse ; allowed undue medical interference in the development of the profession , particularly in respect of the examining committee , solely composed of medical men ; barred veterinary surgeons from becoming subscribers to the college , and thwarted attempts by the profession to [get] a charter .

Coleman tried to obtain veterinary representation on the examining committee , but all efforts failed until after his death .
coleman tried to [get] veterinary representation on the examining committee , but all efforts failed until after his death .

When the Charter was granted in 1844 , graduates of the London and Edinburgh schools became members of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons , although they did not obtain exclusive right to the title ‘ Veterinary surgeon ’ .
when the charter was granted in 1844 , graduates of the london and edinburgh schools became members of the royal college of veterinary surgeons , although they did not [get] exclusive right to the title ‘ veterinary surgeon ’ .

Developers frequently obtain planning permission to build residential property near to existing factories , sewage disposal works , waste tips and other potential odour emitters , yet it is no defence to prove that the plaintiff came to an existing nuisance .
developers frequently [get] planning permission to build residential property near to existing factories , sewage disposal works , waste tips and other potential odour emitters , yet it is no defence to prove that the plaintiff came to an existing nuisance .

If the works specified are insufficient to abate the odour then in any further proceedings to obtain a nuisance order under s.94 , the notice itself may be held bad , as in Whatling v Rees where the work specified in the notice , the draining of a cellar , would not have been sufficient to abate the nuisance .
if the works specified are insufficient to abate the odour then in any further proceedings to [get] a nuisance order under s.94 , the notice itself may be held bad , as in whatling v rees where the work specified in the notice , the draining of a cellar , would not have been sufficient to abate the nuisance .

An abatement notice specifying these works would not be invalid , but should planning permission be refused and further action be taken to obtain compliance with the notice , the Justices need not take the local authority 's advice and order the defendants to implement those works , but if they do , and planning permission is again refused , the defendants may be able to avail themselves of the defence of ‘ reasonable excuse ’ , under s.95 , leaving the local authority to find alternative means to seek abatement of the odour .
an abatement notice specifying these works would not be invalid , but should planning permission be refused and further action be taken to [get] compliance with the notice , the justices need not take the local authority 's advice and order the defendants to implement those works , but if they do , and planning permission is again refused , the defendants may be able to avail themselves of the defence of ‘ reasonable excuse ’ , under s.95 , leaving the local authority to find alternative means to seek abatement of the odour .

If an abatement notice , served in compliance with s.93 of the 1936 Act , is not complied with at the expiry of the specified time , or the local authority thinks that the nuisance , although abated , is likely to recur , s.94(1) of that Act provides that it is the duty of the local authority to institute summary proceedings for a nuisance order , in order to obtain compliance with the notice or otherwise abatement of the nuisance .
if an abatement notice , served in compliance with s.93 of the 1936 act , is not complied with at the expiry of the specified time , or the local authority thinks that the nuisance , although abated , is likely to recur , s.94(1) of that act provides that it is the duty of the local authority to institute summary proceedings for a nuisance order , in order to [get] compliance with the notice or otherwise abatement of the nuisance .

Where the nuisance was in existence at the time the abatement notice was served , and continued or was likely to recur at the time proceedings for a nuisance order began then whether or not it was continuing or was likely to recur at the date of the hearing , the court must also order the defendant to pay the local authority the cost of the proceedings to obtain the nuisance order .
where the nuisance was in existence at the time the abatement notice was served , and continued or was likely to recur at the time proceedings for a nuisance order began then whether or not it was continuing or was likely to recur at the date of the hearing , the court must also order the defendant to pay the local authority the cost of the proceedings to [get] the nuisance order .

, Works Regulation Act 1906 , indeed in the case of Shoreham-by-Sea Urban District Council v Dolphin Canadian Proteins Ltd. action was taken against the company under s.100 to obtain the abatement of offensive odours emanating from their animal by-product plant which in part processed chicken feathers , a registrable process due to the emission of hydrogen sulphide .
, works regulation act 1906 , indeed in the case of shoreham-by-sea urban district council v dolphin canadian proteins ltd. action was taken against the company under s.100 to [get] the abatement of offensive odours emanating from their animal by-product plant which in part processed chicken feathers , a registrable process due to the emission of hydrogen sulphide .

The owner of premises to be used for this purpose is required to obtain a ‘ disposal licence ’ under section 5 ( 1 ) of that Act to either commence , or if disposal was already being carried out before the Act came into force , to continue operations .
the owner of premises to be used for this purpose is required to [get] a ‘ disposal licence ’ under section 5 ( 1 ) of that act to either commence , or if disposal was already being carried out before the act came into force , to continue operations .

Cleanliness and hygiene are obviously important as is the siting of new animal houses or manure stores in order to obtain maximum dispersion of the odour .
cleanliness and hygiene are obviously important as is the siting of new animal houses or manure stores in order to [get] maximum dispersion of the odour .

Activated carbon , is formed by treating carbonaceous residues of coal , wood and shell in order to obtain a carbon with a surface covered both internally and externally with tiny pores of molecular dimension , which trap the odorous molecules yet allow free passage of other gases .
activated carbon , is formed by treating carbonaceous residues of coal , wood and shell in order to [get] a carbon with a surface covered both internally and externally with tiny pores of molecular dimension , which trap the odorous molecules yet allow free passage of other gases .

It is quite hard to obtain direct evidence against this claim in English , for reasons that will become apparent below .
it is quite hard to [get] direct evidence against this claim in english , for reasons that will become apparent below .

The reason why it is difficult in English to obtain direct evidence for the involvement of a superficial representation in the interpretation of definite pronouns ( the most common kind of deep anaphor ) is that the form of a pronoun does not usually depend on how its antecedent was ( or might be ) described .
the reason why it is difficult in english to [get] direct evidence for the involvement of a superficial representation in the interpretation of definite pronouns ( the most common kind of deep anaphor ) is that the form of a pronoun does not usually depend on how its antecedent was ( or might be ) described .

In another series of cases the Court has condemned national laws which require undertakings which are licensed to carry out particular activities in one member state having to obtain a second licence to provide the same services in another member state where the licensing requirements in the first member state adequately safeguard all necessary requirements for the protection of the public interest .
in another series of cases the court has condemned national laws which require undertakings which are licensed to carry out particular activities in one member state having to [get] a second licence to provide the same services in another member state where the licensing requirements in the first member state adequately safeguard all necessary requirements for the protection of the public interest .

The Commission , however , has wide power to obtain information from the parties by making a formal request to supply information and/or documents within a specified period of time .
the commission , however , has wide power to [get] information from the parties by making a formal request to supply information and/or documents within a specified period of time .

Count the number of beats in either 15 or 30 seconds and multiply by either four or two to obtain the resting pulse rate .
count the number of beats in either 15 or 30 seconds and multiply by either four or two to [get] the resting pulse rate .

Facilities such as these will allow the engineer to possibly gain deeper systems understanding and through this obtain greater diagnostic certainty .
facilities such as these will allow the engineer to possibly gain deeper systems understanding and through this [get] greater diagnostic certainty .

Operating schedules inevitably put pressure on aircraft down time and because aircraft manufacturers are operating to maximum capacity producing new aircraft , spare parts may also become difficult to obtain particularly for the more mature aircraft types .
operating schedules inevitably put pressure on aircraft down time and because aircraft manufacturers are operating to maximum capacity producing new aircraft , spare parts may also become difficult to [get] particularly for the more mature aircraft types .

Freeze provides the ability to stop a session in order to obtain further input data/information or process a higher priority enquiry and then to re-commence session at the point of interrupt .
freeze provides the ability to stop a session in order to [get] further input data/information or process a higher priority enquiry and then to re-commence session at the point of interrupt .

‘ But they have to obtain the leave of the Commander of Famagusta , who still believes in a fleet .
‘ but they have to [get] the leave of the commander of famagusta , who still believes in a fleet .

For some undisclosed reason the Massachusetts owner had decided to dismantle his richly ornamented acres and sell the lot for the best price he could obtain .
for some undisclosed reason the massachusetts owner had decided to dismantle his richly ornamented acres and sell the lot for the best price he could [get] .

By doing so , they will obtain free Personal Liability insurance for £2,000,000 and free Personal Accident insurance for Death and permanent Disablement up to £10,000 , both in respect of horse related incidents .
by doing so , they will [get] free personal liability insurance for £2,000,000 and free personal accident insurance for death and permanent disablement up to £10,000 , both in respect of horse related incidents .

In his Introduction , Dodd reminded his readers that if a person owed only forty shillings , an extortionate litigious creditor could immediately obtain a writ , often by a false malicious oath , and deprive him of his liberty .
in his introduction , dodd reminded his readers that if a person owed only forty shillings , an extortionate litigious creditor could immediately [get] a writ , often by a false malicious oath , and deprive him of his liberty .

It was back to the ‘ miserable refuge ’ of the Lords Act of 1759 with its ‘ great error ’ in giving all to one creditor , which induced many prisoners to stay and waste their property in prisons rather than by complying with the Act , obtain their discharge and be sent back to prison by other creditors .
it was back to the ‘ miserable refuge ’ of the lords act of 1759 with its ‘ great error ’ in giving all to one creditor , which induced many prisoners to stay and waste their property in prisons rather than by complying with the act , [get] their discharge and be sent back to prison by other creditors .

He certainly owed money but none of his creditors needed to obtain a writ to have him confined when the Government had arrested him for them .
he certainly owed money but none of his creditors needed to [get] a writ to have him confined when the government had arrested him for them .

Since the lawmakers were mostly of the creditor class , their attitude was to retain a statute by which they could obtain a writ for the arrest of their debtor and his detention at their will .
since the lawmakers were mostly of the creditor class , their attitude was to retain a statute by which they could [get] a writ for the arrest of their debtor and his detention at their will .

But the misery of those who could not obtain their release , either honestly or dishonestly , by appearing before an Insolvent Debtors Court and agreeing to assign their property , still drew sympathy . The debtor might have been reduced to his inability to satisfy his creditor , asserted Thomas Foxwell Buxton ,
but the misery of those who could not [get] their release , either honestly or dishonestly , by appearing before an insolvent debtors court and agreeing to assign their property , still drew sympathy . the debtor might have been reduced to his inability to satisfy his creditor , asserted thomas foxwell buxton ,

For they knew that they could , in an instant , pounce upon their debtors and obtain payment for themselves even if all other demands went unsatisfied .
for they knew that they could , in an instant , pounce upon their debtors and [get] payment for themselves even if all other demands went unsatisfied .

’ It seemed to Wetherfield to follow that where a creditor had proved his debtor 's means , he might have him committed to prison , and that he could then levy on those means , if tangible and available , to obtain payment of what was owed him .
’ it seemed to wetherfield to follow that where a creditor had proved his debtor 's means , he might have him committed to prison , and that he could then levy on those means , if tangible and available , to [get] payment of what was owed him .

Asked why she thought Melmotte had spent such a lot of money , Lady Carbery said , ‘ because he thought he could conquer the world by it and obtain universal credit .
asked why she thought melmotte had spent such a lot of money , lady carbery said , ‘ because he thought he could conquer the world by it and [get] universal credit .

Traders like tavern-keepers in the Strand and wine merchants in St James 's Street , learnt to expect and tolerate late payment , and to ensure that any steps to obtain settlement were taken with the greatest diplomacy .
traders like tavern-keepers in the strand and wine merchants in st james 's street , learnt to expect and tolerate late payment , and to ensure that any steps to [get] settlement were taken with the greatest diplomacy .

‘ To a man who has been accustomed to obtain credit from those who have supplied him with goods ’ , wrote Thomas Farrow in The Money-Lender Unmasked ( 1895 ) ,
‘ to a man who has been accustomed to [get] credit from those who have supplied him with goods ’ , wrote thomas farrow in the money-lender unmasked ( 1895 ) ,

This , explained Sir Gordon Borrie in his 1986 Rathbone Memorial Lecture , was that everyone should be free to obtain as much credit as he could get , on the easiest terms available on the market .
this , explained sir gordon borrie in his 1986 rathbone memorial lecture , was that everyone should be free to [get] as much credit as he could get , on the easiest terms available on the market .

In its 1969 report , the Committee on the Enforcement of Judgement Debts chaired by Mr Justice Payne recommended the setting up of a Court Enforcement Office , the functions of which would include assisting the creditor to obtain from the debtor ‘ as much as he can properly afford ’ , to liquidate the debts as soon as possible and to protect the debtor against undue hardship or harassment .
in its 1969 report , the committee on the enforcement of judgement debts chaired by mr justice payne recommended the setting up of a court enforcement office , the functions of which would include assisting the creditor to [get] from the debtor ‘ as much as he can properly afford ’ , to liquidate the debts as soon as possible and to protect the debtor against undue hardship or harassment .

For either he had to obtain another document for which he had to apply to the court and would be given by its clerk .
for either he had to [get] another document for which he had to apply to the court and would be given by its clerk .

Sixty-seven per cent of creditors had no knowledge of the debtor 's financial state at the time of the original transaction , and 77 per cent did not obtain any further information before or during the proceedings .
sixty-seven per cent of creditors had no knowledge of the debtor 's financial state at the time of the original transaction , and 77 per cent did not [get] any further information before or during the proceedings .

It was customary to fly a flag at half-mast when anyone connected with the May weekend died so , not to be beaten , committee members managed to obtain a telegraph pole , paint and erect it in one weekend so that old Amos would not be cheated of this sign of respect .
it was customary to fly a flag at half-mast when anyone connected with the may weekend died so , not to be beaten , committee members managed to [get] a telegraph pole , paint and erect it in one weekend so that old amos would not be cheated of this sign of respect .

As the spring is on private land he had to obtain the permission of the owner , but this was readily given .
as the spring is on private land he had to [get] the permission of the owner , but this was readily given .

The newly-minted coins can be difficult to obtain , but the lady of the manor has the advantage of working in a bank so can put in a special plea .
the newly-minted coins can be difficult to [get] , but the lady of the manor has the advantage of working in a bank so can put in a special plea .

For all , apart from Anglican weddings , you must obtain a certificate or certificate with licence from the local superintendent registrar .
for all , apart from anglican weddings , you must [get] a certificate or certificate with licence from the local superintendent registrar .

Oil is easier to obtain and to transport , and it has the advantage of being more homogenous as well as containing hydrocarbons with a higher hydrogen to carbon ratio .
oil is easier to [get] and to transport , and it has the advantage of being more homogenous as well as containing hydrocarbons with a higher hydrogen to carbon ratio .

Its absence is probably not a great loss to the exhibit , but the museum 's efforts to obtain a sample involved a trip to Munich !
its absence is probably not a great loss to the exhibit , but the museum 's efforts to [get] a sample involved a trip to munich !

Dose assessment : The account of dose calculation contained in Urquhart 's article does not allow the method he used to be completely understood , and it has proved to be impossible to obtain the ‘ fuller version ’ of the article , either from the Journal of Nuclear Information .
dose assessment : the account of dose calculation contained in urquhart 's article does not allow the method he used to be completely understood , and it has proved to be impossible to [get] the ‘ fuller version ’ of the article , either from the journal of nuclear information .

Although Mesmer 's crises have little in common with modern hypnosis and his explanation for the phenomenon was soon discredited , he did obtain cures that physicians had been unable to achieve ; so scientists and therapists remained mesmerised by the phenomenon .
although mesmer 's crises have little in common with modern hypnosis and his explanation for the phenomenon was soon discredited , he did [get] cures that physicians had been unable to achieve ; so scientists and therapists remained mesmerised by the phenomenon .

Many researchers have tried to obtain a medium for growing antibodies that is free from calf serum .
many researchers have tried to [get] a medium for growing antibodies that is free from calf serum .

Whether the Japanese will eventually be able to use solar energy to obtain metals from the sea remains to be seen , but they have proved that it is possible for copper at least .
whether the japanese will eventually be able to use solar energy to [get] metals from the sea remains to be seen , but they have proved that it is possible for copper at least .

The principle behind the technique is now a familiar one and widely used by vaccine manufacturers to obtain large quantities of virus for the standard killed flu vaccines ( New Scientist , vol 56 , p 630 ) .
the principle behind the technique is now a familiar one and widely used by vaccine manufacturers to [get] large quantities of virus for the standard killed flu vaccines ( new scientist , vol 56 , p 630 ) .

The only difference is that where the vaccine manufacturers use two strains of human flu viruses-one that grows well in hen 's eggs and the other with the currently circulating strain of flu virus so as to get the right antigens — the object in the latest work is to obtain a non-disease causing flu virus that will grow in humans but will also protect against the particular strain of wild type flu that is in circulation .
the only difference is that where the vaccine manufacturers use two strains of human flu viruses-one that grows well in hen 's eggs and the other with the currently circulating strain of flu virus so as to get the right antigens — the object in the latest work is to [get] a non-disease causing flu virus that will grow in humans but will also protect against the particular strain of wild type flu that is in circulation .

Regular and systematic analysis of a country 's newspapers can provide information on social trends , which may be difficult to obtain from other sources .
regular and systematic analysis of a country 's newspapers can provide information on social trends , which may be difficult to [get] from other sources .

We all know how difficult it is for scientists to obtain their due recognition .
we all know how difficult it is for scientists to [get] their due recognition .

An article in a recent issue of the British Medical Journal , pointed out that babies in fluoridated areas who drink dried milk formulae made up with water containing 1 ppm fluoride , are ingesting up to 100 times the amount of fluoride they would obtain from mother 's milk ( vol 283. p 76 ) .
an article in a recent issue of the british medical journal , pointed out that babies in fluoridated areas who drink dried milk formulae made up with water containing 1 ppm fluoride , are ingesting up to 100 times the amount of fluoride they would [get] from mother 's milk ( vol 283. p 76 ) .

Alternatively , the ventures could obtain materials on the seabed that are deposited through natural mechanisms , for instance through rivers washing away soil .
alternatively , the ventures could [get] materials on the seabed that are deposited through natural mechanisms , for instance through rivers washing away soil .

We might reply that the simplicity of cave communities is idiosyncratic rather than typical : we might ask what general ecological insights we are going to obtain from communities that lack photosynthetic plants and herbivores , and are maintained by detritus flushed down from above : but Dr Culver gives us no answer .
we might reply that the simplicity of cave communities is idiosyncratic rather than typical : we might ask what general ecological insights we are going to [get] from communities that lack photosynthetic plants and herbivores , and are maintained by detritus flushed down from above : but dr culver gives us no answer .

Although practical experience was not required , Balliol decided to build its own laboratory , and asked Smith to run it , sending him off to various distinguished chemists to obtain an appropriate training .
although practical experience was not required , balliol decided to build its own laboratory , and asked smith to run it , sending him off to various distinguished chemists to [get] an appropriate training .

Only West Germany has specific legislation , dating back to 1974 , obliging international and regional shippers to obtain prior permission .
only west germany has specific legislation , dating back to 1974 , obliging international and regional shippers to [get] prior permission .

Secondly , says Crowson , the very existence of a stockpile can dull the incentive among both governments and companies to find new sources for materials or to replace the materials with something else that is cheaper or easier to obtain , due to new technology .
secondly , says crowson , the very existence of a stockpile can dull the incentive among both governments and companies to find new sources for materials or to replace the materials with something else that is cheaper or easier to [get] , due to new technology .

In 1975 France started a detailed evaluation of the minerals it could obtain from its own soil .
in 1975 france started a detailed evaluation of the minerals it could [get] from its own soil .

Thus to obtain 1 kg of metal more than 2 tonnes of rock must be mined .
thus to [get] 1 kg of metal more than 2 tonnes of rock must be mined .

It can import ores and then use metallurgical knowhow to obtain the finished metal .
it can import ores and then use metallurgical knowhow to [get] the finished metal .

They do obtain their nutrients from the host 's living tissue , but apparently there are ample supplies for both host and guests , and the arthropods usually suffer no ill effects .
they do [get] their nutrients from the host 's living tissue , but apparently there are ample supplies for both host and guests , and the arthropods usually suffer no ill effects .

Conservationists could discover whether old wooden buildings are still sound , and obtain , into the bargain , information on climatic changes in previous years .
conservationists could discover whether old wooden buildings are still sound , and [get] , into the bargain , information on climatic changes in previous years .

‘ There are now quite a few sources from which firms can obtain this finance .
‘ there are now quite a few sources from which firms can [get] this finance .

In desert and hilly regions , where agricultural production is low , people obtain two-thirds of their energy from firewood .
in desert and hilly regions , where agricultural production is low , people [get] two-thirds of their energy from firewood .

Kenneth Baker , the minister for information technology , said at the time this would make it easier for firms to obtain money .
kenneth baker , the minister for information technology , said at the time this would make it easier for firms to [get] money .

Here , several firms or research groups team up to obtain money from the department for one project .
here , several firms or research groups team up to [get] money from the department for one project .

‘ It is impossible to obtain wages from a republic , ’ he wrote naively , ‘ without having duties attached .
‘ it is impossible to [get] wages from a republic , ’ he wrote naively , ‘ without having duties attached .

Good thatch is difficult to obtain in many parts of the world , and in the Indian State of Kamataka peasants now have to buy bamboo at 1200 rupees a tonne on the free market ( about £80 a tonne ) whereas the paper industry is still able to get it at 15 rupees a tonne ( £1 ) from the government 's reserved forests .
good thatch is difficult to [get] in many parts of the world , and in the indian state of kamataka peasants now have to buy bamboo at 1200 rupees a tonne on the free market ( about £80 a tonne ) whereas the paper industry is still able to get it at 15 rupees a tonne ( £1 ) from the government 's reserved forests .

The company will obtain the material from an area extending from St Ives Bay in the west to Cligga Head near Perranporth .
the company will [get] the material from an area extending from st ives bay in the west to cligga head near perranporth .

He went on to obtain plates centred on about 1300 selected areas scattered uniformly over 75 per cent of the whole sky , on which he was able to recognise some 44000 galaxies down to apparent magnitude about 20 .
he went on to [get] plates centred on about 1300 selected areas scattered uniformly over 75 per cent of the whole sky , on which he was able to recognise some 44000 galaxies down to apparent magnitude about 20 .

It is , for example , a lot easier to obtain money for controlling rats than dogs or cats .
it is , for example , a lot easier to [get] money for controlling rats than dogs or cats .

An unopened pod taken from the tree will keep for at least three weeks , and when opened back at the nursery it is usual to obtain 100 per cent germination of the seed .
an unopened pod taken from the tree will keep for at least three weeks , and when opened back at the nursery it is usual to [get] 100 per cent germination of the seed .

Leece says he is prepared to go anywhere in the world to obtain a reliable resist .
leece says he is prepared to go anywhere in the world to [get] a reliable resist .

It is difficult to obtain accurate figures from the wilder , more snake-ridden parts of the world , such as Africa , Asia and South America , but an attempt at a global survey carried out in the 1950s gave a total world figure of thirty thousand deaths annually from all forms of snakebite .
it is difficult to [get] accurate figures from the wilder , more snake-ridden parts of the world , such as africa , asia and south america , but an attempt at a global survey carried out in the 1950s gave a total world figure of thirty thousand deaths annually from all forms of snakebite .

The smaller the prey becomes , the more labour is needed to obtain adequate nutrition .
the smaller the prey becomes , the more labour is needed to [get] adequate nutrition .

But they have the grave disadvantage that they must spend almost all their waking hours eating it if they are to obtain an adequate diet .
but they have the grave disadvantage that they must spend almost all their waking hours eating it if they are to [get] an adequate diet .

Since 1976 , in Britain at least , anyone of eighteen or over has been allowed by law to go to the General Register Office , the local Social Services or the appropriate adoption agency to obtain their original birth certificate .
since 1976 , in britain at least , anyone of eighteen or over has been allowed by law to go to the general register office , the local social services or the appropriate adoption agency to [get] their original birth certificate .

Incomer networks were forged out of relationships created at work in the new estates and in the local social club , an institution established to help airport workers obtain some of the urban civilisation .
incomer networks were forged out of relationships created at work in the new estates and in the local social club , an institution established to help airport workers [get] some of the urban civilisation .

Technical boundaries are the limits of ‘ knowing how ’ , the specialised skills or knowledge necessary to achieve a particular goal , whether it is preparing a dish of zabaglione , filling out a form to obtain an agricultural subsidy or organising a protest strike .
technical boundaries are the limits of ‘ knowing how ’ , the specialised skills or knowledge necessary to achieve a particular goal , whether it is preparing a dish of zabaglione , filling out a form to [get] an agricultural subsidy or organising a protest strike .

Just how much they obtain there from is known only to themselves , but this could well be a final act born of an inextinguishable instinctive knowledge that there is somewhere a source of power available to the individual whereby he can supplement his capacity to face a fading future , or any other of life 's unwelcome experiences , at least with less apprehension , if not with absolute serenity .
just how much they [get] there from is known only to themselves , but this could well be a final act born of an inextinguishable instinctive knowledge that there is somewhere a source of power available to the individual whereby he can supplement his capacity to face a fading future , or any other of life 's unwelcome experiences , at least with less apprehension , if not with absolute serenity .

The almost incredible hotchpotch of superstitions , beliefs and ‘ gods ’ which are promoted by the hierarchies of all the great organised religions in their ceaseless struggle to obtain and hold on to adherents , leaves the earnest seeker after a true spiritual haven bewildered and unsatisfied .
the almost incredible hotchpotch of superstitions , beliefs and ‘ gods ’ which are promoted by the hierarchies of all the great organised religions in their ceaseless struggle to [get] and hold on to adherents , leaves the earnest seeker after a true spiritual haven bewildered and unsatisfied .

The history of the battles on the interracial scale and of lesser conflicts on the individual scale , has provided a vast store from which humanity can obtain limitless examples from which to extract actions which are universally acceptable as ‘ good ’ .
the history of the battles on the interracial scale and of lesser conflicts on the individual scale , has provided a vast store from which humanity can [get] limitless examples from which to extract actions which are universally acceptable as ‘ good ’ .

Much reading , perhaps most , is undertaken to obtain information , to learn more about our immediate environment and the wider environment : nature , space , the human environment , and so on .
much reading , perhaps most , is undertaken to [get] information , to learn more about our immediate environment and the wider environment : nature , space , the human environment , and so on .

Psycholinguistic The psycholinguistic or ‘ guessing-game ’ approach reflects the way that competent and learner-readers tackle a text in order to obtain meaning from it .
psycholinguistic the psycholinguistic or ‘ guessing-game ’ approach reflects the way that competent and learner-readers tackle a text in order to [get] meaning from it .

The complicating factor is the reader 's motivation : the effort that children will make if they need to obtain something from a particular book or periodical .
the complicating factor is the reader 's motivation : the effort that children will make if they need to [get] something from a particular book or periodical .

Basically , the illustrations that are going to succeed with a particular readership by helping the reader to obtain meaning , will use those conventions mentioned earlier in the chapter to indicate , for example , depth ( perspective and three-dimensions ) and movement , which are within the understanding of that intended audience .
basically , the illustrations that are going to succeed with a particular readership by helping the reader to [get] meaning , will use those conventions mentioned earlier in the chapter to indicate , for example , depth ( perspective and three-dimensions ) and movement , which are within the understanding of that intended audience .

There is a certain medicinal thinking behind the labelling , a feeling that a book that is difficult to read and difficult to obtain meaning and enjoyment from , must be good for young people in some way .
there is a certain medicinal thinking behind the labelling , a feeling that a book that is difficult to read and difficult to [get] meaning and enjoyment from , must be good for young people in some way .

Communication skills , not only those to meet the needs of the deaf and the unsighted but also those to obtain meaning from defective speech .
communication skills , not only those to meet the needs of the deaf and the unsighted but also those to [get] meaning from defective speech .

When making an inspection of work in progress the surveyor should not hesitate to obtain the services of the contractor to satisfy himself that the work is done correctly , e.g. to check fixings by applying leverage or loading or to ascertain that screeds or pavings are correctly laid with a site level .
when making an inspection of work in progress the surveyor should not hesitate to [get] the services of the contractor to satisfy himself that the work is done correctly , e.g. to check fixings by applying leverage or loading or to ascertain that screeds or pavings are correctly laid with a site level .

Before a company can exist or do business it must obtain a certificate of incorporation from the Registrar of Companies ( in Cardiff ) .
before a company can exist or do business it must [get] a certificate of incorporation from the registrar of companies ( in cardiff ) .

Two separate questions are at stake here : the financial risk of the individual participants , and the ease and extent to which the organisation itself may obtain suitable funds for its tasks .
two separate questions are at stake here : the financial risk of the individual participants , and the ease and extent to which the organisation itself may [get] suitable funds for its tasks .

For uses started before that date and continued without permission ever since , it is possible to obtain an Established Use Certificate , i.e .
for uses started before that date and continued without permission ever since , it is possible to [get] an established use certificate , i.e .

The existence of these rights did not override the necessity to obtain planning permission but on compulsory purchase , permission for existing use rights was assumed to exist .
the existence of these rights did not override the necessity to [get] planning permission but on compulsory purchase , permission for existing use rights was assumed to exist .

The necessity to obtain planning permission or not is untouched , but any works which will affect the character of the listed building require listed building consent in addition to any planning permission .
the necessity to [get] planning permission or not is untouched , but any works which will affect the character of the listed building require listed building consent in addition to any planning permission .

Until the start of the civil war , in the summer of 1918 , there was a relative lull in the social conflicts during which the Bolsheviks shared power with the Left Social-Revolutionaries and at the same time attempted to obtain the collaboration of some sections of the bourgeoisie and industrial managers in their efforts to revive industry .
until the start of the civil war , in the summer of 1918 , there was a relative lull in the social conflicts during which the bolsheviks shared power with the left social-revolutionaries and at the same time attempted to [get] the collaboration of some sections of the bourgeoisie and industrial managers in their efforts to revive industry .

This particular passage is Bukharin at his sophistical worst , since he rails against the ‘ freedom to labour ’ in a manner that dodges the real freedom that workers can obtain by forming trade unions ; this was not a negation of the ‘ freedom to labour ’ , but rather a redefinition of that freedom in a positive manner .
this particular passage is bukharin at his sophistical worst , since he rails against the ‘ freedom to labour ’ in a manner that dodges the real freedom that workers can [get] by forming trade unions ; this was not a negation of the ‘ freedom to labour ’ , but rather a redefinition of that freedom in a positive manner .

But this growth makes it possible to obtain an additional supply of goods .
but this growth makes it possible to [get] an additional supply of goods .

But to accumulate meant that it was necessary to obtain agricultural products at prices that would transfer the necessary surplus to the state sector .
but to accumulate meant that it was necessary to [get] agricultural products at prices that would transfer the necessary surplus to the state sector .

Or you might be a musician , an actor , a dancer , a singer or a sports person who relies on functioning to peak efficiency in order to obtain the best results .
or you might be a musician , an actor , a dancer , a singer or a sports person who relies on functioning to peak efficiency in order to [get] the best results .

They also expected us to obtain our education as quickly as possible and then go out to work straight away to take our share of supporting the family .
they also expected us to [get] our education as quickly as possible and then go out to work straight away to take our share of supporting the family .

The difficulty was always to obtain sufficiently high-quality data within a defined area .
the difficulty was always to [get] sufficiently high-quality data within a defined area .

Balanovski 's earlier findings at the Llangynidr Stone in Wales suggested that magnetism might be a line of enquiry worth pursuing , though efforts were frustrated for some time due to the failure to obtain the necessary equipment .
balanovski 's earlier findings at the llangynidr stone in wales suggested that magnetism might be a line of enquiry worth pursuing , though efforts were frustrated for some time due to the failure to [get] the necessary equipment .

Therefore , the same sort of techniques as those of acupuncture might be used on the landscape to obtain equivalent results .
therefore , the same sort of techniques as those of acupuncture might be used on the landscape to [get] equivalent results .

When the above conditions obtain , at dusk or dawn , mid-morning or afternoon , it is the same .
when the above conditions [get] , at dusk or dawn , mid-morning or afternoon , it is the same .

Suddenly , though , trading one career for another is no longer just a way to obtain release from a boring job .
suddenly , though , trading one career for another is no longer just a way to [get] release from a boring job .

The 1893 Act allowed institutions a Parliamentary grant per pupil , but only if the institution/asylum met the standards set by the periodic visits of Her Majesty 's Inspector , so in order to meet these standards and obtain their grants , schools had to improve on the conditions in which the pupils were taught .
the 1893 act allowed institutions a parliamentary grant per pupil , but only if the institution/asylum met the standards set by the periodic visits of her majesty 's inspector , so in order to meet these standards and [get] their grants , schools had to improve on the conditions in which the pupils were taught .

The result was that many deaf men were unable to obtain work .
the result was that many deaf men were unable to [get] work .

It can only obtain it by eating animal proteins .
it can only [get] it by eating animal proteins .

Among his observations is the following assessment of the sexual cunning of the tom-cat : ‘ As the females when they have kittened no longer seek the company of the males , these last , to obtain once more their companionship , practise a curious artifice .
among his observations is the following assessment of the sexual cunning of the tom-cat : ‘ as the females when they have kittened no longer seek the company of the males , these last , to [get] once more their companionship , practise a curious artifice .

Obtain a minimum of two and a maximum of eight passport size colour photographs ( see page 13 for information on additional photographs ) .
[get] a minimum of two and a maximum of eight passport size colour photographs ( see page 13 for information on additional photographs ) .

Students wishing to apply for a loan should request an Eligibility Questionnaire from one of these offices and at the same time make an appointment to obtain an Eligibility Certificate .
students wishing to apply for a loan should request an eligibility questionnaire from one of these offices and at the same time make an appointment to [get] an eligibility certificate .

Those who want to rent a privately-owned furnished flat or house must make their own arrangements , but each student can obtain a rent card from the Accommodation Office or from the Students ' Union .
those who want to rent a privately-owned furnished flat or house must make their own arrangements , but each student can [get] a rent card from the accommodation office or from the students ' union .

Students from overseas countries should contact Student Services upon arrival at the University to obtain further information on National Health Service reciprocal agreements .
students from overseas countries should contact student services upon arrival at the university to [get] further information on national health service reciprocal agreements .

Candidates interested in these areas of research and who wish to obtain further information and advice should contact the Director of the appropriate Centre .
candidates interested in these areas of research and who wish to [get] further information and advice should contact the director of the appropriate centre .

These provide an opportunity for ward staff to obtain guidance on how best to pass on their clinical expertise in an effective way .
these provide an opportunity for ward staff to [get] guidance on how best to pass on their clinical expertise in an effective way .

The ward staff should understand that the primary role of the clinical teacher is to teach and to ensure that the students obtain the maximum benefit from their ward allocation .
the ward staff should understand that the primary role of the clinical teacher is to teach and to ensure that the students [get] the maximum benefit from their ward allocation .

The onus , however , is on the student to obtain full benefit from the programme initiated by the ward staff .
the onus , however , is on the student to [get] full benefit from the programme initiated by the ward staff .

The second part of step two is often neglected by teachers , mainly because it is difficult to obtain accurate information .
the second part of step two is often neglected by teachers , mainly because it is difficult to [get] accurate information .

Those who want to rent a privately-owned furnished flat or house must make their own arrangements , but each student can obtain a rent card from the Accommodation Office or from the Students ' Union .
those who want to rent a privately-owned furnished flat or house must make their own arrangements , but each student can [get] a rent card from the accommodation office or from the students ' union .

Students from overseas countries should contact Student Services upon arrival at the University to obtain further information on National Health Service reciprocal agreements .
students from overseas countries should contact student services upon arrival at the university to [get] further information on national health service reciprocal agreements .

Students from overseas countries should obtain information on scholarships from the Ministry of Education of their own country or from a representative of the British Council if one is available locally .
students from overseas countries should [get] information on scholarships from the ministry of education of their own country or from a representative of the british council if one is available locally .

Its excellent resources and facilities provide the support students require to help them to realise their full potential and to obtain the qualification most suited to their interests and abilities .
its excellent resources and facilities provide the support students require to help them to realise their full potential and to [get] the qualification most suited to their interests and abilities .

Approval is being sought from the Institute of Bankers ( London ) and the Chartered Institute of Secretaries for recognition of the degree ; graduates of the course would then obtain appropriate exemptions from the examinations of these bodies .
approval is being sought from the institute of bankers ( london ) and the chartered institute of secretaries for recognition of the degree ; graduates of the course would then [get] appropriate exemptions from the examinations of these bodies .

Through contacts made during their industrial placement , many graduates subsequently obtain permanent employment .
through contacts made during their industrial placement , many graduates subsequently [get] permanent employment .

Graduates are eligible to join the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications , either as Graduate Members ( if they obtain a good honours degree ) or as Licentiates .
graduates are eligible to join the institute of mathematics and its applications , either as graduate members ( if they [get] a good honours degree ) or as licentiates .

Like all juvenile troupes they had to go to court every Monday in a new town to obtain a licence to work .
like all juvenile troupes they had to go to court every monday in a new town to [get] a licence to work .

They invite outside speakers to cover financial topics so that course participants can obtain unbiased investment advice .
they invite outside speakers to cover financial topics so that course participants can [get] unbiased investment advice .

Most of these offer reduced price admission to pensioners , and you can obtain details of concessions from your local Citizen 's Advice Bureau or town hall welfare department .
most of these offer reduced price admission to pensioners , and you can [get] details of concessions from your local citizen 's advice bureau or town hall welfare department .

Senior Citizen Railcard holders can obtain concessions on Golden Rail Holidays , brochures for which are available from railway stations or travel agents , and can also purchase a Rail Europe Senior Card from British Rail , which entitles holders to discounts of up to 50 per cent on Continental rail travel .
senior citizen railcard holders can [get] concessions on golden rail holidays , brochures for which are available from railway stations or travel agents , and can also purchase a rail europe senior card from british rail , which entitles holders to discounts of up to 50 per cent on continental rail travel .

Instruction should be given at a point of high motivation , as for example when the student wants to obtain information in connection with a particular project .
instruction should be given at a point of high motivation , as for example when the student wants to [get] information in connection with a particular project .

Students were able to note which points were stressed by the lecturer and staff were able to obtain some feedback from the students .
students were able to note which points were stressed by the lecturer and staff were able to [get] some feedback from the students .

Observational studies and explorative interviews are often used to obtain this information .
observational studies and explorative interviews are often used to [get] this information .

The long-term effect on the student and his/her ability to obtain information , is , however , of much greater interest than the measurement of short-term skills with regard to the use of specific bibliographic tools .
the long-term effect on the student and his/her ability to [get] information , is , however , of much greater interest than the measurement of short-term skills with regard to the use of specific bibliographic tools .

The programme was evaluated in a number of different ways , in order to produce a triangulation effect and thereby obtain as full a picture as possible of the functioning of the courses .
the programme was evaluated in a number of different ways , in order to produce a triangulation effect and thereby [get] as full a picture as possible of the functioning of the courses .

There seems to be a very uneven development of user education programmes across the country at the moment , hence a need not only to prevent libraries from ‘ reinventing the wheel ’ in this area , but more important for them to be able to obtain advice on the ‘ best ’ available tried and tested programmes and methodologies .
there seems to be a very uneven development of user education programmes across the country at the moment , hence a need not only to prevent libraries from ‘ reinventing the wheel ’ in this area , but more important for them to be able to [get] advice on the ‘ best ’ available tried and tested programmes and methodologies .

In special libraries , which are not generally attached to educational institutions , this situation does not obtain , and therefore the concept of user education may seem inappropriate .
in special libraries , which are not generally attached to educational institutions , this situation does not [get] , and therefore the concept of user education may seem inappropriate .

Ideally , the aims of this phase of treatment are to help the patient obtain : ( i ) resolution of the crisis which precipitated the overdose ; ( ii ) alleviation of his social and personal problems ; and ( iii ) a greater ability to cope with similar situations in the future .
ideally , the aims of this phase of treatment are to help the patient [get] : ( i ) resolution of the crisis which precipitated the overdose ; ( ii ) alleviation of his social and personal problems ; and ( iii ) a greater ability to cope with similar situations in the future .

Clarify the steps necessary to obtain these goals and the likely consequences
clarify the steps necessary to [get] these goals and the likely consequences

He may need to advise how to obtain legal help or financial guidance .
he may need to advise how to [get] legal help or financial guidance .

It has been shown that most suicide attempters are aware of the existence of agencies where they could obtain help , such as the general practitioner , social workers , or the Samaritans ( Kreitman and Chowdhury 1973b ) ; in fact , a significant proportion of attempters had been in touch with one or more of these agencies in the weeks preceding the attempt ( Bancroft et al .
it has been shown that most suicide attempters are aware of the existence of agencies where they could [get] help , such as the general practitioner , social workers , or the samaritans ( kreitman and chowdhury 1973b ) ; in fact , a significant proportion of attempters had been in touch with one or more of these agencies in the weeks preceding the attempt ( bancroft et al .

If you feel that specialist advice would be helpful for anyone in your care , you should try and obtain it through your manager or warden .
if you feel that specialist advice would be helpful for anyone in your care , you should try and [get] it through your manager or warden .

There are several good catalogues which you can obtain and which may supply you with new ideas ( see book list , page 136 ) .
there are several good catalogues which you can [get] and which may supply you with new ideas ( see book list , page 136 ) .

So people have to devise ways of adapting to this gap between what they want and expect from society and the means they have available to obtain these things .
so people have to devise ways of adapting to this gap between what they want and expect from society and the means they have available to [get] these things .

’ In other words , the Board of Trade could more or less control the Service , co-operating with other agencies when and where it thought necessary , although those LEAs which had or might have in the future statutory powers for dealing with juveniles were permitted to submit schemes for the exercise of these powers , provided they could obtain the permission of both Boards .
’ in other words , the board of trade could more or less control the service , co-operating with other agencies when and where it thought necessary , although those leas which had or might have in the future statutory powers for dealing with juveniles were permitted to submit schemes for the exercise of these powers , provided they could [get] the permission of both boards .

The reader should endeavour to obtain a copy of a local bank 's balance sheet to see how closely its composition corresponds with the above specimen balance sheet .
the reader should endeavour to [get] a copy of a local bank 's balance sheet to see how closely its composition corresponds with the above specimen balance sheet .

Most LDCs experience at regular intervals external current account ( deficit ) problems due to a lack of diversified exports and/or deteriorating terms of trade because many obtain more than 50 per cent of their export earnings from one or two products , e.g .
most ldcs experience at regular intervals external current account ( deficit ) problems due to a lack of diversified exports and/or deteriorating terms of trade because many [get] more than 50 per cent of their export earnings from one or two products , e.g .

One such arrangement is forfaiting which enables capital equipment exporters to obtain medium-term finance ( two — five years ) .
one such arrangement is forfaiting which enables capital equipment exporters to [get] medium-term finance ( two — five years ) .

The reader should endeavour to obtain information on the various exchange rate statistics published by his own country 's central bank or finance ministry .
the reader should endeavour to [get] information on the various exchange rate statistics published by his own country 's central bank or finance ministry .

Banks via their correspondents can obtain specific marketing information on behalf of exporters .
banks via their correspondents can [get] specific marketing information on behalf of exporters .

For such borrowers the use of syndicated loans enables the managing bank to obtain funds more quickly , in greater amounts and at a lower cost than would be the case in conducting separate negotiations with up to fifty lending banks .
for such borrowers the use of syndicated loans enables the managing bank to [get] funds more quickly , in greater amounts and at a lower cost than would be the case in conducting separate negotiations with up to fifty lending banks .

The borrower seeks to obtain funds in a convenient , economic and flexible manner together with maintaining its financial status in the world 's capital and credit markets .
the borrower seeks to [get] funds in a convenient , economic and flexible manner together with maintaining its financial status in the world 's capital and credit markets .

In trying to obtain relevant environmental information , the planners often find traditional sources , such as libraries , tedious , time-consuming and frustrating to use .
in trying to [get] relevant environmental information , the planners often find traditional sources , such as libraries , tedious , time-consuming and frustrating to use .

The department making the greatest use of external libraries uses them on quite a regular basis , ‘ at least once a month ’ ; , and uses them to obtain any general type of information .
the department making the greatest use of external libraries uses them on quite a regular basis , ‘ at least once a month ’ ; , and uses them to [get] any general type of information .

None of the planning departments obtain and analyse technological information , except perhaps for background interest .
none of the planning departments [get] and analyse technological information , except perhaps for background interest .

All six departments obtain specific company annual accounts which they analyse themselves for their own particular uses .
all six departments [get] specific company annual accounts which they analyse themselves for their own particular uses .

All the companies obtain a small number of such reports .
all the companies [get] a small number of such reports .

The third uses a significant volume of statistics but uses an online service and public libraries as much as possible to obtain these .
the third uses a significant volume of statistics but uses an online service and public libraries as much as possible to [get] these .

Managers , especially those in more senior positions , thus for the most part obtain such externally available information as they use informally .
managers , especially those in more senior positions , thus for the most part [get] such externally available information as they use informally .

If the researcher 's interest is sufficiently wide and his pocket sufficiently deep it is advisable to obtain a copy of the appropriate work even if a catalogue does describe the volumes on offer as ‘ disbound ’ , ‘ shaken ’ , with ‘ weak hinges ’ or some other euphemism for falling apart .
if the researcher 's interest is sufficiently wide and his pocket sufficiently deep it is advisable to [get] a copy of the appropriate work even if a catalogue does describe the volumes on offer as ‘ disbound ’ , ‘ shaken ’ , with ‘ weak hinges ’ or some other euphemism for falling apart .

For each locality the records of first resort remain the early county histories , the relevant volumes in the Victoria County History series , and the proceedings of the county , or similar , historical or record society ; and no doubt local historians will wish to obtain some of these or , subject to the laws of copyright , obtain photocopies of selected sections .
for each locality the records of first resort remain the early county histories , the relevant volumes in the victoria county history series , and the proceedings of the county , or similar , historical or record society ; and no doubt local historians will wish to [get] some of these or , subject to the laws of copyright , [get] photocopies of selected sections .

By self-discipline we mean the judicious guidance of our desires and impulses through the elaborate filter of convention so as to obtain the maximum amount of self-satisfaction and social approval .
by self-discipline we mean the judicious guidance of our desires and impulses through the elaborate filter of convention so as to [get] the maximum amount of self-satisfaction and social approval .

try reaching a compromise or give way on one ( lesser ) risk so as to obtain your teenager 's agreement to forego another one .
try reaching a compromise or give way on one ( lesser ) risk so as to [get] your teenager 's agreement to forego another one .

Public-sector land owners were often under an obligation to obtain the best price possible , which was unlikely to happen in times of such severely-restrained demand and when an urban-land market hardly existed at all .
public-sector land owners were often under an obligation to [get] the best price possible , which was unlikely to happen in times of such severely-restrained demand and when an urban-land market hardly existed at all .

In the 1970s they had been required to obtain land for future projects , and they could hardly have been expected ?
in the 1970s they had been required to [get] land for future projects , and they could hardly have been expected ?

They are usually created by local government , but have wide representation from financial and development sectors , and hope to obtain funding through European money , Derelict Land Grant , City Grant , and so on .
they are usually created by local government , but have wide representation from financial and development sectors , and hope to [get] funding through european money , derelict land grant , city grant , and so on .

Of course , more work is required to obtain smoother results , and this is an important consideration when doing calculations by hand .
of course , more work is required to [get] smoother results , and this is an important consideration when doing calculations by hand .

The latter measures are much more difficult to obtain , and relationships between them are the subject of this chapter .
the latter measures are much more difficult to [get] , and relationships between them are the subject of this chapter .

Also in situations where the target units are much larger than the source units , polygon-in-polygon areal interpolation techniques can be used to obtain reasonable estimates by locating the source units within the target units .
also in situations where the target units are much larger than the source units , polygon-in-polygon areal interpolation techniques can be used to [get] reasonable estimates by locating the source units within the target units .

Since a faithful classification of land cover is an essential component in the proposed scheme , several attempts were made in an effort to obtain a consistent and suitably detailed product .
since a faithful classification of land cover is an essential component in the proposed scheme , several attempts were made in an effort to [get] a consistent and suitably detailed product .

The intermediate , or dynamic , level is concerned with less frequent and often irregular events , e.g. a temporary lack of water because of fire , frost or excessive demand from an increasing populace . Characteristically , the data used may be more difficult to obtain and are usually more spatially aggregated ; modelling software which permits feedback loops is essential ;
the intermediate , or dynamic , level is concerned with less frequent and often irregular events , e.g. a temporary lack of water because of fire , frost or excessive demand from an increasing populace . characteristically , the data used may be more difficult to [get] and are usually more spatially aggregated ; modelling software which permits feedback loops is essential ;

The parliamentary session closed on 29th July , without any further progress being made , but on 4th August , Hall and Hunt met Cornewall Lewis and Trevelyan to obtain the Government 's approval for a competition , and to seek the first steps towards acquiring the land .
the parliamentary session closed on 29th july , without any further progress being made , but on 4th august , hall and hunt met cornewall lewis and trevelyan to [get] the government 's approval for a competition , and to seek the first steps towards acquiring the land .

Lewis said that the Government thought that it was only necessary , at present , to provide suitable accommodation for the War Office and the Foreign Office , but preliminary steps could be taken towards acquiring the land , and Hall could obtain designs for laying out the whole area .
lewis said that the government thought that it was only necessary , at present , to provide suitable accommodation for the war office and the foreign office , but preliminary steps could be taken towards acquiring the land , and hall could [get] designs for laying out the whole area .

It stated that , ‘ The course adopted , prompted by a desire for expedition , can scarcely be considered the best calculated to obtain a grand whole ’ .
it stated that , ‘ the course adopted , prompted by a desire for expedition , can scarcely be considered the best calculated to [get] a grand whole ’ .

the Government will throw aside the whole of these [ competition ] plans and consider what accommodation it is they want , and what sum of money they are prepared to propose to Parliament , and then let them obtain plans suited to the expenditure they propose .
the government will throw aside the whole of these [ competition ] plans and consider what accommodation it is they want , and what sum of money they are prepared to propose to parliament , and then let them [get] plans suited to the expenditure they propose .

This has a massive classical portico and was built between 1841 and 1844 , after a competition and some complicated manoeuvring by Tite to obtain the work .
this has a massive classical portico and was built between 1841 and 1844 , after a competition and some complicated manoeuvring by tite to [get] the work .

But he still had to obtain Parliamentary authority for the purchase of the part of the site not covered by Molesworth 's Act of 1855 .
but he still had to [get] parliamentary authority for the purchase of the part of the site not covered by molesworth 's act of 1855 .

No doubt to obtain a quick and smooth passage for his measures , he was less ambitious than in Hall 's ill-fated Bill of 1857 , and only sought power to purchase the outstanding 1.25 acres ( 0.50 ha . )
no doubt to [get] a quick and smooth passage for his measures , he was less ambitious than in hall 's ill-fated bill of 1857 , and only sought power to purchase the outstanding 1.25 acres ( 0.50 ha . )

He concluded with a promise that before the next session he would obtain a less expensive plan probably providing accommodation for the Foreign Colonial and India Offices , and although reception rooms should be included , the residence could be omitted .
he concluded with a promise that before the next session he would [get] a less expensive plan probably providing accommodation for the foreign colonial and india offices , and although reception rooms should be included , the residence could be omitted .

By spreading nitrates it is possible to obtain good yields of wheat or barley , which take nitrogen from the soil .
by spreading nitrates it is possible to [get] good yields of wheat or barley , which take nitrogen from the soil .

With these aids , farmers in Britain obtain high yields of crops , and large outputs of milk , beef , mutton or lamb .
with these aids , farmers in britain [get] high yields of crops , and large outputs of milk , beef , mutton or lamb .

to dam and raise the level of two of the lakes in the beautiful , peaceful scenery of the Lake District National Park in order to obtain extra water mainly for industry .
to dam and raise the level of two of the lakes in the beautiful , peaceful scenery of the lake district national park in order to [get] extra water mainly for industry .

In the area of the Broads , large pits were dug about 500 years ago to obtain peat for fuel .
in the area of the broads , large pits were dug about 500 years ago to [get] peat for fuel .

By adding animal manure and artificial fertilisers to the already fertile soils , and by using much machinery and insecticides , the farmers obtain very high yields of crops .
by adding animal manure and artificial fertilisers to the already fertile soils , and by using much machinery and insecticides , the farmers [get] very high yields of crops .

From where , in the past , did the Cammell Laird shipyards at Birkenhead obtain much steel and parts for their ships ? ( See page 118 . )
from where , in the past , did the cammell laird shipyards at birkenhead [get] much steel and parts for their ships ? ( see page 118 . )

Commonly one can readily obtain the following potencies ; 6x , 6c , 12x , 12c , 30x and 30c .
commonly one can readily [get] the following potencies ; 6x , 6c , 12x , 12c , 30x and 30c .

( Obtain and use Calendula cerate or ointment in episiotomies where it is very soothing . )
( [get] and use calendula cerate or ointment in episiotomies where it is very soothing . )

The success of buyers therefore turned on their ability to predict what consumers would want and to obtain those products at the lowest possible cost.3 Although the order would specify a delivery time far closer to the season , once the buyer placed the order with the apparel manufacturer , it typically remained unchanged until delivery to the retailer ’ s warehouse or individual stores .
the success of buyers therefore turned on their ability to predict what consumers would want and to [get] those products at the lowest possible cost.3 although the order would specify a delivery time far closer to the season , once the buyer placed the order with the apparel manufacturer , it typically remained unchanged until delivery to the retailer ’ s warehouse or individual stores .

The bacterium is swimming upstream in order to obtain the glucose it needs .
the bacterium is swimming upstream in order to [get] the glucose it needs .

Presumably we have in mind something like the Darwinian criteria to unpack the phrase , “ on its own behalf. ” Bacteria that do obtain glucose or its equivalent may survive with higher probability than those incapable of the flagellar motor trick , hence , be selected by natural selection .
presumably we have in mind something like the darwinian criteria to unpack the phrase , “ on its own behalf. ” bacteria that do [get] glucose or its equivalent may survive with higher probability than those incapable of the flagellar motor trick , hence , be selected by natural selection .

You will obtain many small avalanches and progressively fewer large avalanches .
you will [get] many small avalanches and progressively fewer large avalanches .

Thus , instead of the Boolean functions described above showing when genes turn on and o , here I obtain a column vector for each of the to the ( K + ) allele states aecting a given gene , and in each position is a random decimal .
thus , instead of the boolean functions described above showing when genes turn on and o , here i [get] a column vector for each of the to the ( k + ) allele states aecting a given gene , and in each position is a random decimal .

To obtain the actual probability , the amplitude must be squared .
to [get] the actual probability , the amplitude must be squared .

You ’ ll have to confine your viewing to the outside of the old citadel in the harbor , Fort Saint-Louis , unless you ’ re able to obtain special visitor ’ s permission from the French military ( true of all Martinique ’ s forts ) , or happen by during recently authorized — but infrequent — “ visiting hours .
you ’ ll have to confine your viewing to the outside of the old citadel in the harbor , fort saint-louis , unless you ’ re able to [get] special visitor ’ s permission from the french military ( true of all martinique ’ s forts ) , or happen by during recently authorized — but infrequent — “ visiting hours .

In Chennai , you can rent a catamaran and , if you ’ re staying at the Taj in Mumbai , you should be able to obtain a guest membership at the nearby Yacht Club .
in chennai , you can rent a catamaran and , if you ’ re staying at the taj in mumbai , you should be able to [get] a guest membership at the nearby yacht club .

To obtain this diploma during your holiday , you can take a five-day series of lessons , usually starting in a hotel pool and graduating to supervised dives to a depth of 12 m ( 39 ft ) .
to [get] this diploma during your holiday , you can take a five-day series of lessons , usually starting in a hotel pool and graduating to supervised dives to a depth of 12 m ( 39 ft ) .

To fish from a boat , obtain a license from the Commandancia de Marina , Moll Muelle Viejo s/n , Palma ( Tel .
to fish from a boat , [get] a license from the commandancia de marina , moll muelle viejo s/n , palma ( tel .

You can also obtain information directly from the following venues : The Theatre in the Forest at Grizedale ; Tel .
you can also [get] information directly from the following venues : the theatre in the forest at grizedale ; tel .

The ordinary tourist will find it difficult to obtain precise details about this magic , which is known as obeah around the West Indies .
the ordinary tourist will find it difficult to [get] precise details about this magic , which is known as obeah around the west indies .

If the victim managed to make her way here and stay for three years as a nun , she could obtain a decree of divorce from the shogunate and go free .
if the victim managed to make her way here and stay for three years as a nun , she could [get] a decree of divorce from the shogunate and go free .

If you want to buy any object that might be considered a museum piece , you will have to obtain a certificate from the directorate of a local museum that clears it for export .
if you want to buy any object that might be considered a museum piece , you will have to [get] a certificate from the directorate of a local museum that clears it for export .

Permits are easy to obtain , however , and reserved accommodation can be booked either in the lodges or in the official campgrounds Chandigarh The capital of the Punjab is just a stopover en route to Simla , or a half-way point en route to Kashmir .
permits are easy to [get] , however , and reserved accommodation can be booked either in the lodges or in the official campgrounds chandigarh the capital of the punjab is just a stopover en route to simla , or a half-way point en route to kashmir .

The park ’ s headquarters is at Pangkalan Lubang , and you will need to obtain a permit either here or in the town of Miri .
the park ’ s headquarters is at pangkalan lubang , and you will need to [get] a permit either here or in the town of miri .

They play at the Amsterdam Arena , a fine modern stadium , which is also used for other sporting events — but unfortunately it is almost impossible to obtain tickets for matches .
they play at the amsterdam arena , a fine modern stadium , which is also used for other sporting events — but unfortunately it is almost impossible to [get] tickets for matches .

Hikers intending to camp in the back country must first obtain a wilderness permit ( see page 108 ) .
hikers intending to camp in the back country must first [get] a wilderness permit ( see page 108 ) .

They play at the Amsterdam Arena , a fine modern stadium , which is also used for other sporting events — but unfortunately it is almost impossible to obtain tickets for matches .
they play at the amsterdam arena , a fine modern stadium , which is also used for other sporting events — but unfortunately it is almost impossible to [get] tickets for matches .

Tourist offices have a brochure , “ Caza , ” which gives more information about where to go for good hunting and how to obtain the necessary permits .
tourist offices have a brochure , “ caza , ” which gives more information about where to go for good hunting and how to [get] the necessary permits .

You can obtain a complete schedule of events from the tourist office on the Champs-Elysées .
you can [get] a complete schedule of events from the tourist office on the champs-elysées .

To the ancient Mexicans , the maguey plant was considered sacred , and the fact that the worm had ingested a part of the “ spirit ” of this revered plant made consuming them both a delicacy and a way to obtain good luck .
to the ancient mexicans , the maguey plant was considered sacred , and the fact that the worm had ingested a part of the “ spirit ” of this revered plant made consuming them both a delicacy and a way to [get] good luck .

There is an information office where you can obtain free booklets in English , Russian , and French .
there is an information office where you can [get] free booklets in english , russian , and french .

Freshwater anglers must have a permit — ask at the nearest tourist office for information on how to obtain one .
freshwater anglers must have a permit — ask at the nearest tourist office for information on how to [get] one .

It is a major center for sailors , who come here to stock up on all the essentials , obtain spare parts , and have repairs done .
it is a major center for sailors , who come here to stock up on all the essentials , [get] spare parts , and have repairs done .

We have started in the center of the city , where you will be able to take your bearings , obtain whatever information you need from the VVV Tourist information office , and take a canal boat tour .
we have started in the center of the city , where you will be able to take your bearings , [get] whatever information you need from the vvv tourist information office , and take a canal boat tour .

Obtain a fishing license and head out on a camping expedition along the Tuolumne River in Yosemite , or try Merced Lake , a three-day trip from Yosemite Valley .
[get] a fishing license and head out on a camping expedition along the tuolumne river in yosemite , or try merced lake , a three-day trip from yosemite valley .

Mike Leavitt are willing to lead out and not just give lip service to helping Utahns obtain access to our legal system .
mike leavitt are willing to lead out and not just give lip service to helping utahns [get] access to our legal system .

As a paralegal , Case spends much of her time helping people who ca n't afford legal services obtain medical , housing , Social Security and other benefits from the government .
as a paralegal , case spends much of her time helping people who ca n't afford legal services [get] medical , housing , social security and other benefits from the government .

They often survive on a bare-bones budget , a staff of volunteers and generous donations - all for the sake of helping disadvantaged and low-income people obtain legal services .
they often survive on a bare-bones budget , a staff of volunteers and generous donations - all for the sake of helping disadvantaged and low-income people [get] legal services .

Funding used to help victims obtain emergency protective orders remains in place , said Milne and Stewart Ralphs , executive director of the Legal Aid Society of Salt Lake .
funding used to help victims [get] emergency protective orders remains in place , said milne and stewart ralphs , executive director of the legal aid society of salt lake .

Bearing in mind , then , that the stories told in court will almost certainly diverge from one another , the panel emphasized that a person should do whatever possible to obtain objective evidence to confirm his or her story .
bearing in mind , then , that the stories told in court will almost certainly diverge from one another , the panel emphasized that a person should do whatever possible to [get] objective evidence to confirm his or her story .

They ca n't obtain child support .
they ca n't [get] child support .

The 2000 U.S. census reports that more than 43 million Americans qualify for free federally funded legal assistance , yet fewer than 20 percent of eligible clients ( annual income : $ 11,075 or less ) are able to obtain legal help when they need it , according to the American Bar Association .
the 2000 u.s. census reports that more than 43 million americans qualify for free federally funded legal assistance , yet fewer than 20 percent of eligible clients ( annual income : $ 11,075 or less ) are able to [get] legal help when they need it , according to the american bar association .

However , the 1998 Report of the Legal Services/Pre Bono Committee , of the Judicial Advisory Council found that the ability of low- and middle-income Coloradans to obtain equal access to the legal system has been limited by the number of lawyers available and willing to serve them and by the growing complexity of the law .
however , the 1998 report of the legal services/pre bono committee , of the judicial advisory council found that the ability of low- and middle-income coloradans to [get] equal access to the legal system has been limited by the number of lawyers available and willing to serve them and by the growing complexity of the law .

According to LSC , only 20 percent of the low-income Texans who have a civil legal problem are able to obtain attorneys to represent them .
according to lsc , only 20 percent of the low-income texans who have a civil legal problem are able to [get] attorneys to represent them .

The grant will pay the salaries of two lawyers and an intake specialist for 18 months at the center , which will operate out of rented space in Salem 's old Masonic building at 70 Washington St. Center organizers hope to obtain more funds to extend the program .
the grant will pay the salaries of two lawyers and an intake specialist for 18 months at the center , which will operate out of rented space in salem 's old masonic building at 70 washington st. center organizers hope to [get] more funds to extend the program .

There are equally formidable obstacles when attempting to obtain funding from alcohol study sections .
there are equally formidable obstacles when attempting to [get] funding from alcohol study sections .

They also prefer the use of highly controlled diagnostic and demographic groups in order to obtain unambiguous answers to isolate the active ingredient of treatment efficacy .
they also prefer the use of highly controlled diagnostic and demographic groups in order to [get] unambiguous answers to isolate the active ingredient of treatment efficacy .

Emergency department physicians may obtain the training necessary to perform the intervention , but in most hospitals , staffing constraints will prevent them from being the primary providers of this service.44 Furthermore , instilling this knowledge and sense of responsibility throughout the field will require too broad a change in service culture for this approach to be readily adopted .
emergency department physicians may [get] the training necessary to perform the intervention , but in most hospitals , staffing constraints will prevent them from being the primary providers of this service.44 furthermore , instilling this knowledge and sense of responsibility throughout the field will require too broad a change in service culture for this approach to be readily adopted .

For example , many clinicians do not routinely obtain a BAC test because of a fear of denial of payment for medical care by third-party payors for injured patients who test positive .
for example , many clinicians do not routinely [get] a bac test because of a fear of denial of payment for medical care by third-party payors for injured patients who test positive .

Barry replied that her group had used the R-01 grant programs to help develop or adapt technology , but she admitted that R-01 grants can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain .
barry replied that her group had used the r-01 grant programs to help develop or adapt technology , but she admitted that r-01 grants can be difficult and time-consuming to [get] .

Obtaining Copies of GAO Reports and Testimony The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents at no cost is through the Internet .
obtaining copies of gao reports and testimony the fastest and easiest way to [get] copies of gao documents at no cost is through the internet .

HCFA , among other calculations , had to perform a special data collection from its fiscal intermediaries to obtain cost report data and generate an unduplicated census count from the National Claims History Standard Analytical File .
hcfa , among other calculations , had to perform a special data collection from its fiscal intermediaries to [get] cost report data and generate an unduplicated census count from the national claims history standard analytical file .

For example , the President has made financial management improvement a top priority and established a goal to obtain an unqualified opinion on the government 's financial statements .
for example , the president has made financial management improvement a top priority and established a goal to [get] an unqualified opinion on the government 's financial statements .

To encourage the use of COTS , OMB and JFMIP are working to improve ( 1 ) the testing and certification of COTS systems , ( 2 ) existing procurement schedules , and ( 3 ) processes to obtain COTS systems .
to encourage the use of cots , omb and jfmip are working to improve ( 1 ) the testing and certification of cots systems , ( 2 ) existing procurement schedules , and ( 3 ) processes to [get] cots systems .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

GAO/OGC-96-12 The OASIS would provide potential customers with information needed to obtain the open access non-discriminatory service required by the Commission 's companion rule .
gao/ogc-96-12 the oasis would provide potential customers with information needed to [get] the open access non-discriminatory service required by the commission 's companion rule .

At the time the application is entered into the system , the system performs several matches to obtain additional information on the applicant and prevent duplicate participation .
at the time the application is entered into the system , the system performs several matches to [get] additional information on the applicant and prevent duplicate participation .

Additionally , legislation has now been passed to enable the government to obtain financial information from the private sector in certain circumstances .
additionally , legislation has now been passed to enable the government to [get] financial information from the private sector in certain circumstances .

The prevalence of data sharing is evidence of the value provided to agencies when they can obtain and use data from sources external to an individual program 's systems .
the prevalence of data sharing is evidence of the value provided to agencies when they can [get] and use data from sources external to an individual program 's systems .

The organizations that participated in our study used internal and external sources to obtain needed information .
the organizations that participated in our study used internal and external sources to [get] needed information .

By performing risk assessments on a recurring basis , organizations also obtain information on the status of their efforts to reduce improper payments and on areas needing further attention .
by performing risk assessments on a recurring basis , organizations also [get] information on the status of their efforts to reduce improper payments and on areas needing further attention .

We also found that organizations use both computer-generated information and nontechnical methods to obtain , summarize , and communicate information needed to evaluate program performance .
we also found that organizations use both computer-generated information and nontechnical methods to [get] , summarize , and communicate information needed to evaluate program performance .

Additionally , we contacted the inspectors general of the 24 Chief Financial Officers ( CFO ) Act agencies to obtain their views on agency activities , if any , designed to reduce improper payments .
additionally , we contacted the inspectors general of the 24 chief financial officers ( cfo ) act agencies to [get] their views on agency activities , if any , designed to reduce improper payments .

Once we identified potential participants , we conducted extensive Internet searches of their Web sites and reviewed entity and GAO audit reports and other documents to obtain background and other information for potential best practice efforts .
once we identified potential participants , we conducted extensive internet searches of their web sites and reviewed entity and gao audit reports and other documents to [get] background and other information for potential best practice efforts .

In addition , we issued an exposure draft of this executive guide to obtain comments from interested parties including members of the CFO and OIG community , OMB , and selected professional organizations in the United States and abroad .
in addition , we issued an exposure draft of this executive guide to [get] comments from interested parties including members of the cfo and oig community , omb , and selected professional organizations in the united states and abroad .

CIO magazine aims to provide actionable insight and decision support for information technology and business executives so that they may use information technology to obtain a competitive advantage .
cio magazine aims to provide actionable insight and decision support for information technology and business executives so that they may use information technology to [get] a competitive advantage .

Order by Mail or Phone The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents is through the Internet .
order by mail or phone the fastest and easiest way to [get] copies of gao documents is through the internet .

Page 10 GAO-01-1070 Human Capital employees and union representatives to obtain their input about potential changes .
page 10 gao-01-1070 human capital employees and union representatives to [get] their input about potential changes .

That required the team to conduct a full range of claims functions , including receiving and controlling the claims , contacting veterans and hospitals to obtain information , and making benefit decisions .
that required the team to conduct a full range of claims functions , including receiving and controlling the claims , contacting veterans and hospitals to [get] information , and making benefit decisions .

Agencies used various mechanisms to develop strategic plans , gather feedback from internal stakeholders for identifying gaps in existing strategic plans , and obtain employee input and feedback .
agencies used various mechanisms to develop strategic plans , gather feedback from internal stakeholders for identifying gaps in existing strategic plans , and [get] employee input and feedback .

Frequent team meetings provided employees an opportunity to obtain feedback about agency performance .
frequent team meetings provided employees an opportunity to [get] feedback about agency performance .

Agencies used surveys to obtain employees ' views , such as input regarding the direction of organizational changes .
agencies used surveys to [get] employees ' views , such as input regarding the direction of organizational changes .

Logistics Center officials said that the Radar Product Division team 's coordinated operations saved time , including reducing the average number of days required to obtain research assistance from 45 days to 1 day .
logistics center officials said that the radar product division team 's coordinated operations saved time , including reducing the average number of days required to [get] research assistance from 45 days to 1 day .

The Department of Defense , alone , has a vast information infrastructure that includes 2.1 million computers and over 10,000 networks that are used to Page 6 GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management exchange electronic messages , obtain data from remote computer sites , and maintain critical records .
the department of defense , alone , has a vast information infrastructure that includes 2.1 million computers and over 10,000 networks that are used to page 6 gao/aimd-98-68 information security management exchange electronic messages , [get] data from remote computer sites , and maintain critical records .

The group does not usually attempt to obtain or develop specific numbers for threat likelihood or annual loss estimates unless the data for determining such factors are readily available .
the group does not usually attempt to [get] or develop specific numbers for threat likelihood or annual loss estimates unless the data for determining such factors are readily available .

The state organization provided meeting rooms and administrative support while the professional organization used its professional contacts to obtain knowledgeable speakers .
the state organization provided meeting rooms and administrative support while the professional organization used its professional contacts to [get] knowledgeable speakers .

The employee does not obtain particular benefits under the plan from rendering service in Federal employment , because he or she would have been similarly covered by the program if privately employed and would have obtained similar benefits .
the employee does not [get] particular benefits under the plan from rendering service in federal employment , because he or she would have been similarly covered by the program if privately employed and would have obtained similar benefits .

The employee does not obtain particular benefits under the plan from rendering service in Federal employment , because he or she would have been similarly covered by the program if privately employed and would have received similar benefits .
the employee does not [get] particular benefits under the plan from rendering service in federal employment , because he or she would have been similarly covered by the program if privately employed and would have received similar benefits .

They stated that monetary values for stewardship PP & E are not required to be reported because such values are either difficult to obtain ( e.g. , lack of historical cost data on land acquired at the birth of the Nation ) or not meaningful ( e.g. , the historical cost to build the Washington Monument ) .
they stated that monetary values for stewardship pp & e are not required to be reported because such values are either difficult to [get] ( e.g. , lack of historical cost data on land acquired at the birth of the nation ) or not meaningful ( e.g. , the historical cost to build the washington monument ) .

The Minnesota Trade Office , for another , used surveys to obtain its stakeholders ' views on the degree to which the office was contributing to its customers ' export activities .
the minnesota trade office , for another , used surveys to [get] its stakeholders ' views on the degree to which the office was contributing to its customers ' export activities .

State employees obtain data solely from each state 's existing documents-including police accident reports , vehicle registration files , and vital statistics records-and then enter them into a central computer database .
state employees [get] data solely from each state 's existing documents-including police accident reports , vehicle registration files , and vital statistics records-and then enter them into a central computer database .

Like Congress and the executive branch , an agency 's top political and career leadership can encourage a greater accountability for results by providing managers at each level in the organization with the appropriate authority and flexibility to obtain those results .
like congress and the executive branch , an agency 's top political and career leadership can encourage a greater accountability for results by providing managers at each level in the organization with the appropriate authority and flexibility to [get] those results .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

The records we are requesting will assist the review of how the NEPDG spent public funds , how it carried out its activities , and whether applicable law was followed.1 Descriptions of the records we are requesting , our efforts to obtain them , and our statutory authorities are summarized below .
the records we are requesting will assist the review of how the nepdg spent public funds , how it carried out its activities , and whether applicable law was followed.1 descriptions of the records we are requesting , our efforts to [get] them , and our statutory authorities are summarized below .

Efforts to Obtain Records GAO began its efforts to conduct this review on May 7 by following our standard practice of calling a designated contact to set up an initial meeting with NEPDG staff .
efforts to [get] records gao began its efforts to conduct this review on may 7 by following our standard practice of calling a designated contact to set up an initial meeting with nepdg staff .

Thus far , we have sought to obtain adequate , relevant records and explanations without success .
thus far , we have sought to [get] adequate , relevant records and explanations without success .

A key purpose of the 1980 Act was to strengthen GAO « s ability to obtain access to records in the face of opposition by agencies including the White House .
a key purpose of the 1980 act was to strengthen gao « s ability to [get] access to records in the face of opposition by agencies including the white house .

The principal legislative history accompanying the Act16 chronicled the different access problems GAO had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the White House.≈ These included an audit that required GAO to obtain unemployment estimates from the Council of Economic Advisers.17 The Senate report accompanying the 1980 Act explicitly recognized that ƒthe President and his principal advisers and assistants≈ are within the scope of GAO « s access rights and enforcement authority.18 In order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which GAO could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , Congress added the ƒcertification≈ mechanism .
the principal legislative history accompanying the act16 chronicled the different access problems gao had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the white house.≈ these included an audit that required gao to [get] unemployment estimates from the council of economic advisers.17 the senate report accompanying the 1980 act explicitly recognized that ƒthe president and his principal advisers and assistants≈ are within the scope of gao « s access rights and enforcement authority.18 in order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which gao could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , congress added the ƒcertification≈ mechanism .

Consistency refers to the need to obtain and use data that are clear and well-defined enough to yield similar results in similar analyses .
consistency refers to the need to [get] and use data that are clear and well-defined enough to yield similar results in similar analyses .

If you are unable to obtain electronic data , use the hard copy or summarized data and , to the extent possible , manually apply the tests to all instances of key data elements or , if the report or summary is voluminous , to a sample of them .
if you are unable to [get] electronic data , use the hard copy or summarized data and , to the extent possible , manually apply the tests to all instances of key data elements or , if the report or summary is voluminous , to a sample of them .

For those documents never created-for example , when data may be based on electronic submissions-use interviews to obtain related information , any corroborating evidence obtained earlier , or a review of the adequacy of system controls .
for those documents never created-for example , when data may be based on electronic submissions-use interviews to [get] related information , any corroborating evidence obtained earlier , or a review of the adequacy of system controls .

Obtaining Copies of GAO Reports and Testimony The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents at no cost is through the Internet .
obtaining copies of gao reports and testimony the fastest and easiest way to [get] copies of gao documents at no cost is through the internet .

Participants also suggested that the one-page audit opinion should be replaced with `` tiered '' reporting of audit results , where firms can obtain the level of assurance they desired .
participants also suggested that the one-page audit opinion should be replaced with `` tiered '' reporting of audit results , where firms can [get] the level of assurance they desired .

In that respect , the financial audit is considered the `` loss leader '' in many audit organizations with a focus on cutting hours and costs and as a means to obtain consulting engagements .
in that respect , the financial audit is considered the `` loss leader '' in many audit organizations with a focus on cutting hours and costs and as a means to [get] consulting engagements .

Obtaining Copies of GAO Reports and Testimony The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents at no cost is through the Internet .
obtaining copies of gao reports and testimony the fastest and easiest way to [get] copies of gao documents at no cost is through the internet .

In order to obtain more comments regarding the possible requirement for control of combustion chamber deposits in the final rule and to seek more public input in other areas involving the certification testing and various implementation and enforcement provisions , a Notice of Reopening of the Comment Period was published on December 28 , 1994 .
in order to [get] more comments regarding the possible requirement for control of combustion chamber deposits in the final rule and to seek more public input in other areas involving the certification testing and various implementation and enforcement provisions , a notice of reopening of the comment period was published on december 28 , 1994 .

Nevertheless , to ensure that overpayments were collected , the agency would take the most expedient of the three following options to recover funds : ( 1 ) obtain reimbursement from the traveler , ( 2 ) make deductions from other travel payments due the traveler , or ( 3 ) initiate action for payroll deductions from the traveler 's salary.18 The agency 's goal was to 18 The agency 's attorneys had provided clearance to the financial office regarding authority to make payroll deductions from employees for overpayment of travel claims .
nevertheless , to ensure that overpayments were collected , the agency would take the most expedient of the three following options to recover funds : ( 1 ) [get] reimbursement from the traveler , ( 2 ) make deductions from other travel payments due the traveler , or ( 3 ) initiate action for payroll deductions from the traveler 's salary.18 the agency 's goal was to 18 the agency 's attorneys had provided clearance to the financial office regarding authority to make payroll deductions from employees for overpayment of travel claims .

If the traveler inadvertently summarized taxi 19 At the time of our response to this agency , GSA required the traveler to obtain receipts for all expenses individually costing $ 75 or more .
if the traveler inadvertently summarized taxi 19 at the time of our response to this agency , gsa required the traveler to [get] receipts for all expenses individually costing $ 75 or more .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

When it is not possible to obtain bicameral or bipartisan support , GAO will work with the requester to notify the other House or party of the request before GAO commits itself to do the work .
when it is not possible to [get] bicameral or bipartisan support , gao will work with the requester to notify the other house or party of the request before gao commits itself to do the work .

Although GAO may give an agency up to 30 calendar days to comment , GAO may attempt to obtain comments in shorter time frames , depending on the product timing needs of the requester and the complexity of the issues involved .
although gao may give an agency up to 30 calendar days to comment , gao may attempt to [get] comments in shorter time frames , depending on the product timing needs of the requester and the complexity of the issues involved .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

The analysis estimated $ 25 million in savings associated with requiring a producer to obtain at least catastrophic coverage for any crop of economic significance as a condition of receiving benefits for that crop under certain Department of Agriculture programs ( linkage requirement ) or signing a waiver for eligibility for emergency crop loss assistance .
the analysis estimated $ 25 million in savings associated with requiring a producer to [get] at least catastrophic coverage for any crop of economic significance as a condition of receiving benefits for that crop under certain department of agriculture programs ( linkage requirement ) or signing a waiver for eligibility for emergency crop loss assistance .

A $ 3 million cost resulting from the loss of revenue is estimated from the tobacco marketing card and the undivided interest language which allows a landowner to obtain catastrophic coverage to satisfy the linkage requirement for all other landowners who hold an undivided interest in given insurable acreage .
a $ 3 million cost resulting from the loss of revenue is estimated from the tobacco marketing card and the undivided interest language which allows a landowner to [get] catastrophic coverage to satisfy the linkage requirement for all other landowners who hold an undivided interest in given insurable acreage .

Producers are no longer required to obtain at least catastrophic coverage for economically significant crops but may sign a waiver foregoing emergency crop loss assistance .
producers are no longer required to [get] at least catastrophic coverage for economically significant crops but may sign a waiver foregoing emergency crop loss assistance .

In response to a request from the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member , Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support , Senate Committee on Armed Services , GAO ( 1 ) assessed the impact of design and manufacturing knowledge on DOD program outcomes , ( 2 ) compared best practices to those used in DOD programs , and ( 3 ) analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices to obtain better program outcomes .
in response to a request from the chairman and the ranking minority member , subcommittee on readiness and management support , senate committee on armed services , gao ( 1 ) assessed the impact of design and manufacturing knowledge on dod program outcomes , ( 2 ) compared best practices to those used in dod programs , and ( 3 ) analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices to [get] better program outcomes .

A key success factor evident in all our work is the ability to obtain the right knowledge at the right time and to build knowledge to the point that decision makers can make informed decisions about moving ahead to the next phase .
a key success factor evident in all our work is the ability to [get] the right knowledge at the right time and to build knowledge to the point that decision makers can make informed decisions about moving ahead to the next phase .

Further , because of the sensitivity to how data that would show the actual outcomes of new product development efforts might affect their competitive standing , we did not obtain specific cost , schedule , and performance data .
further , because of the sensitivity to how data that would show the actual outcomes of new product development efforts might affect their competitive standing , we did not [get] specific cost , schedule , and performance data .

In some cases , we discussed design and manufacturing issues with representatives of the primary contractor for the specific program to obtain information on the practices and procedures used by the program to ready 3 The Selected Acquisition Report provides standard , comprehensive summary reporting of cost , schedule , and performance information for major defense acquisition programs to the Congress .
in some cases , we discussed design and manufacturing issues with representatives of the primary contractor for the specific program to [get] information on the practices and procedures used by the program to ready 3 the selected acquisition report provides standard , comprehensive summary reporting of cost , schedule , and performance information for major defense acquisition programs to the congress .

Such changes are necessary to obtain greater predictability in weapon system Page 61 GAO-02-701 Best Practices programs ' cost and schedule , to improve the quality of weapon systems once fielded , and to deliver new capability to the war fighter faster .
such changes are necessary to [get] greater predictability in weapon system page 61 gao-02-701 best practices programs ' cost and schedule , to improve the quality of weapon systems once fielded , and to deliver new capability to the war fighter faster .

Obtaining Copies of GAO Reports and Testimony The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents at no cost is through the Internet .
obtaining copies of gao reports and testimony the fastest and easiest way to [get] copies of gao documents at no cost is through the internet .

During each Congress , I and other GAO executives plan to meet with the leadership of the Senate and House , all Committee Chairs and Ranking Minority Members , and Members of our oversight and appropriations committees to obtain feedback on our performance and information needed to update our strategic plan .
during each congress , i and other gao executives plan to meet with the leadership of the senate and house , all committee chairs and ranking minority members , and members of our oversight and appropriations committees to [get] feedback on our performance and information needed to update our strategic plan .

Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .
depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to [get] information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , and/or the applicable law enforcement authority .

Auditors should also obtain the views of responsible officials of the audited entity regarding the findings and include this information in the report as appropriate .
auditors should also [get] the views of responsible officials of the audited entity regarding the findings and include this information in the report as appropriate .

Oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most expeditious way to obtain comments .
oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most expeditious way to [get] comments .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft Internal Control 6.18 An additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : In planning examination-level attestation engagements , auditors should obtain a sufficient understanding of internal control that is material to the subject matter or assertion to plan the engagement and design procedures to achieve the objectives of the attestation engagement .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft internal control 6.18 an additional field work standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : in planning examination-level attestation engagements , auditors should [get] a sufficient understanding of internal control that is material to the subject matter or assertion to plan the engagement and design procedures to achieve the objectives of the attestation engagement .

Oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most expeditious way to obtain comments .
oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most expeditious way to [get] comments .

Understanding the Program 7.10 Auditors should obtain an understanding of the program to be audited to help assess , among other matters , the significance of possible audit objectives and the feasibility of achieving them .
understanding the program 7.10 auditors should [get] an understanding of the program to be audited to help assess , among other matters , the significance of possible audit objectives and the feasibility of achieving them .

Internal Control 7.11 Auditors should obtain an understanding of the internal control environment , as well as specific internal controls , that are significant to the audit objectives , including internal control over compliance with legal and regulatory requirements , and consider whether the internal controls have been placed in operation .
internal control 7.11 auditors should [get] an understanding of the internal control environment , as well as specific internal controls , that are significant to the audit objectives , including internal control over compliance with legal and regulatory requirements , and consider whether the internal controls have been placed in operation .

The procedures auditors perform to obtain an understanding of internal control will vary among audits .
the procedures auditors perform to [get] an understanding of internal control will vary among audits .

Auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .
auditors also may find it necessary to rely on the work of legal counsel when audit objectives require testing compliance with provisions of contracts or grant agreements.8 depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to [get] information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , other audit organizations or government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , or the applicable law enforcement authority .

If auditors obtain sufficient evidence of the effectiveness of these controls , they can reduce the extent of their tests of compliance .
if auditors [get] sufficient evidence of the effectiveness of these controls , they can reduce the extent of their tests of compliance .

Auditors can obtain evidence concerning the other auditors ' qualifications10 and independence through prior experience , inquiry , and/or review of the other auditors ' external quality control review report .
auditors can [get] evidence concerning the other auditors ' qualifications10 and independence through prior experience , inquiry , and/or review of the other auditors ' external quality control review report .

In addition , auditors should obtain an understanding of the methods and significant assumptions used by the nonauditors .
in addition , auditors should [get] an understanding of the methods and significant assumptions used by the nonauditors .

In other cases , however , it will not be practical to obtain evidence of the data 's validity and reliability .
in other cases , however , it will not be practical to [get] evidence of the data 's validity and reliability .

One of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others , as may be appropriate .
one of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to [get] advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others , as may be appropriate .

Oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most expeditious way to obtain comments .
oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most expeditious way to [get] comments .

The rule further requires microwave licensees who seek special status as public safety licensees in order to obtain special consideration ( ie .
the rule further requires microwave licensees who seek special status as public safety licensees in order to [get] special consideration ( ie .

The Department of Defense , alone , has a vast information infrastructure that includes 2.1 million computers and over 10,000 networks that are used to Page 6 GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management exchange electronic messages , obtain data from remote computer sites , and maintain critical records .
the department of defense , alone , has a vast information infrastructure that includes 2.1 million computers and over 10,000 networks that are used to page 6 gao/aimd-98-68 information security management exchange electronic messages , [get] data from remote computer sites , and maintain critical records .

The group does not usually attempt to obtain or develop specific numbers for threat likelihood or annual loss estimates unless the data for determining such factors are readily available .
the group does not usually attempt to [get] or develop specific numbers for threat likelihood or annual loss estimates unless the data for determining such factors are readily available .

The state organization provided meeting rooms and administrative support while the professional organization used its professional contacts to obtain knowledgeable speakers .
the state organization provided meeting rooms and administrative support while the professional organization used its professional contacts to [get] knowledgeable speakers .

We plan to meet regularly with the Senate and House leadership , all Committee Chairs and Ranking Minority Members , and members of our appropriations and oversight committees to obtain feedback on our performance and to help guide work plans in the context of the strategic plan .
we plan to meet regularly with the senate and house leadership , all committee chairs and ranking minority members , and members of our appropriations and oversight committees to [get] feedback on our performance and to help guide work plans in the context of the strategic plan .

In addition to the legislative support I 've already discussed , GAO will be assessing whether it may need additional authority from the Congress to obtain certain types of records for conducting our work .
in addition to the legislative support i 've already discussed , gao will be assessing whether it may need additional authority from the congress to [get] certain types of records for conducting our work .

As the budgets , functions , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private entities and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for GAO to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .
as the budgets , functions , and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government , private entities and nonprofit organizations , and other third parties , it may become harder for gao to [get] the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations .

For GAO to effectively do its job and obtain all the facts , we must have unfettered access to records no matter where the federal dollar goes and services are delivered .
for gao to effectively do its job and [get] all the facts , we must have unfettered access to records no matter where the federal dollar goes and services are delivered .

Decision of the Comptroller General Concerning NEPDG Litigation January 30 , 2002 As you know , the United States General Accounting Office ( GAO ) has been engaged in an ongoing effort to obtain certain narrowly defined , factual information concerning the development of the National Energy Policy proposal from Vice President Cheney in his role as Chair of the National Energy Policy Development Group ( NEPDG ) .
decision of the comptroller general concerning nepdg litigation january 30 , 2002 as you know , the united states general accounting office ( gao ) has been engaged in an ongoing effort to [get] certain narrowly defined , factual information concerning the development of the national energy policy proposal from vice president cheney in his role as chair of the national energy policy development group ( nepdg ) .

We would have strongly preferred to avoid litigation in connection with this matter , but given the request by the four Senate committee and subcommittee chairmen , our rights to this information and the important principles and precedents involved , GAO will take the steps necessary to file suit in United States District Court in order to obtain , from the Chair of the NEPDG , the information outlined in our August 17 , 2001 , report .
we would have strongly preferred to avoid litigation in connection with this matter , but given the request by the four senate committee and subcommittee chairmen , our rights to this information and the important principles and precedents involved , gao will take the steps necessary to file suit in united states district court in order to [get] , from the chair of the nepdg , the information outlined in our august 17 , 2001 , report .

Top management support was also needed to ensure that a member organization 's representative could obtain funding for travel and other resources .
top management support was also needed to ensure that a member organization 's representative could [get] funding for travel and other resources .

Obtain Top Management Support Ensure Leadership Continuity Several organizations were led by individuals who had spent years building personal relationships with members and working to champion the purpose and mission of their organizations .
[get] top management support ensure leadership continuity several organizations were led by individuals who had spent years building personal relationships with members and working to champion the purpose and mission of their organizations .

Obtaining Copies of GAO Reports and Testimony The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents is through the Internet .
obtaining copies of gao reports and testimony the fastest and easiest way to [get] copies of gao documents is through the internet .

As a basis for approving T & A data , supervisors are required to obtain reasonable assurance that employees working at remote sites are working when scheduled and that T & A information accurately reflects time worked and absences from scheduled tours of duty .
as a basis for approving t & a data , supervisors are required to [get] reasonable assurance that employees working at remote sites are working when scheduled and that t & a information accurately reflects time worked and absences from scheduled tours of duty .

Numerous techniques are available to the supervisor to obtain this assurance .
numerous techniques are available to the supervisor to [get] this assurance .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

However , to obtain this information from EPA 's home page a user must maneuver through a series of pages ( e.g. , `` Programs , '' a `` Toxics & Chemicals '' sublink , and `` Toxic Release Inventory '' ) before arriving at a page featuring links to the rules and related documents .
however , to [get] this information from epa 's home page a user must maneuver through a series of pages ( e.g. , `` programs , '' a `` toxics & chemicals '' sublink , and `` toxic release inventory '' ) before arriving at a page featuring links to the rules and related documents .

One commenter suggested that a central , governmentwide site be established linking together the information available in individual agencies ' sites , thereby enabling the public to `` drill down '' into individual agencies as well as obtain similar information across agencies .
one commenter suggested that a central , governmentwide site be established linking together the information available in individual agencies ' sites , thereby enabling the public to `` drill down '' into individual agencies as well as [get] similar information across agencies .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

Management should ensure that skill needs are continually assessed and that the organization is able to obtain a workforce that has the required skills that match those necessary to achieve organizational goals .
management should ensure that skill needs are continually assessed and that the organization is able to [get] a workforce that has the required skills that match those necessary to achieve organizational goals .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

Obtain users ' and project staff 's evaluations ofmanagement 's support in the above steps .
[get] users ' and project staff 's evaluations ofmanagement 's support in the above steps .

Once the RFP is developed , it may be released in draft form in order to obtain industry questions and reactions .
once the rfp is developed , it may be released in draft form in order to [get] industry questions and reactions .

By reviewing these reports and noting how quickly Page 71 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks problems are resolved , auditors can obtain an understanding of how well the contractor is performing .
by reviewing these reports and noting how quickly page 71 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks problems are resolved , auditors can [get] an understanding of how well the contractor is performing .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

If the agency is unable to schedule a meeting to provide its views within the time frame specified by GAO , the testimony statement will reflect that GAO was unable to obtain the agency 's views .
if the agency is unable to schedule a meeting to provide its views within the time frame specified by gao , the testimony statement will reflect that gao was unable to [get] the agency 's views .

Additionally , when GAO testifies on investigations it conducts , it does not obtain testimony statement views because such actions could jeopardize future proceedings .
additionally , when gao testifies on investigations it conducts , it does not [get] testimony statement views because such actions could jeopardize future proceedings .

Furthermore , there should be no interference with an investigator 's ability to obtain relevant information concerning an investigative matter .
furthermore , there should be no interference with an investigator 's ability to [get] relevant information concerning an investigative matter .

These standards require that analysts and financial auditors promptly obtain sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to afford a reasonable basis for any related findings and conclusions .
these standards require that analysts and financial auditors promptly [get] sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to afford a reasonable basis for any related findings and conclusions .

GAO expects that an agency will promptly comply with its requests for access to the agency 's records so that it can obtain all categories of needed evidence .
gao expects that an agency will promptly comply with its requests for access to the agency 's records so that it can [get] all categories of needed evidence .

Obtaining Copies : The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents is through the Internet .
obtaining copies : the fastest and easiest way to [get] copies of gao documents is through the internet .

However , our task team did obtain information on GAO 's practices , as well as those of several other federal organizations .
however , our task team did [get] information on gao 's practices , as well as those of several other federal organizations .

It would have had to obtain the data from the employees because the airlines would not provide the information to the agency .
it would have had to [get] the data from the employees because the airlines would not provide the information to the agency .

Under these programs , employees can obtain cash awards based on savings they can document by using free tickets from airline frequent flyer programs or by securing lodging rates below the maximum amounts allowed .
under these programs , employees can [get] cash awards based on savings they can document by using free tickets from airline frequent flyer programs or by securing lodging rates below the maximum amounts allowed .

Employees can accrue savings by such means as using frequent flyer miles to obtain free airline tickets , sharing hotel rooms with coworkers , or staying with friends or relatives .
employees can accrue savings by such means as using frequent flyer miles to [get] free airline tickets , sharing hotel rooms with coworkers , or staying with friends or relatives .

He said his agency completed a demotion action against an employee for personal use of miles , but assistance from the airlines was difficult to obtain .
he said his agency completed a demotion action against an employee for personal use of miles , but assistance from the airlines was difficult to [get] .

Specifically , she said that it is difficult for SEC employees to obtain seating using frequent flyer tickets because many trips are scheduled , canceled , or changed at the last minute .
specifically , she said that it is difficult for sec employees to [get] seating using frequent flyer tickets because many trips are scheduled , canceled , or changed at the last minute .

This means that the goal of a Page 16 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations case study is to obtain as complete a picture as possible of what is going on in an instance , and why .
this means that the goal of a page 16 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations case study is to [get] as complete a picture as possible of what is going on in an instance , and why .

However , in many real-world situations , it is possible to represent diversity adequately for illustrative purposes and to obtain the benefits of this application : helping readers feel , hear , see , `` be there '' when this kind of surrogate site experience is necessary to undo stereotypes or explain a situation otherwise inaccessible for most people .
however , in many real-world situations , it is possible to represent diversity adequately for illustrative purposes and to [get] the benefits of this application : helping readers feel , hear , see , `` be there '' when this kind of surrogate site experience is necessary to undo stereotypes or explain a situation otherwise inaccessible for most people .

The first possibility is that the number of instances will need to be fairly large in order to achieve the generalizability wanted , and , as a consequence , skill will be needed to manage data collection with sufficient flexibility to obtain the insights case studies offer and sufficient structure to permit cross-site aggregation of findings .
the first possibility is that the number of instances will need to be fairly large in order to achieve the generalizability wanted , and , as a consequence , skill will be needed to manage data collection with sufficient flexibility to [get] the insights case studies offer and sufficient structure to permit cross-site aggregation of findings .

For example , if we wanted to learn about how noncompetitive awards were reviewed in an agency , a good case study would obtain information from the agency head , the head of the procurement division , the inspector general 's office , the contracts officer responsible for selected awards , staff involved in the reviews for these awards , counterpart persons from the contractors ' procurement and program operations staff , and the legal divisions within the agency and the contractors .
for example , if we wanted to learn about how noncompetitive awards were reviewed in an agency , a good case study would [get] information from the agency head , the head of the procurement division , the inspector general 's office , the contracts officer responsible for selected awards , staff involved in the reviews for these awards , counterpart persons from the contractors ' procurement and program operations staff , and the legal divisions within the agency and the contractors .

However , it often is possible-with appropriate instance selection-to obtain adequate generalizability with a manageable number of instances .
however , it often is possible-with appropriate instance selection-to [get] adequate generalizability with a manageable number of instances .

Importance or meaning is assessed in part by estimating the variability within the set of numbers to obtain a probability that the regularity represents the characteristics of the population of instances .
importance or meaning is assessed in part by estimating the variability within the set of numbers to [get] a probability that the regularity represents the characteristics of the population of instances .

We could obtain tax codes and procedures for each state , examine these , interview selected officials , and generate some plausible patterns .
we could [get] tax codes and procedures for each state , examine these , interview selected officials , and generate some plausible patterns .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

For example , in the fall of 1997 , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission 's ( NRC ) Office of Inspector General surveyed NRC staff to obtain their views on the agency 's safety culture .
for example , in the fall of 1997 , the nuclear regulatory commission 's ( nrc ) office of inspector general surveyed nrc staff to [get] their views on the agency 's safety culture .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

During the visits , we interviewed the CIO , members of the senior executive team , IT managers , and other officials as identified by the host organization , to obtain their individual perspectives on information and technology management issues .
during the visits , we interviewed the cio , members of the senior executive team , it managers , and other officials as identified by the host organization , to [get] their individual perspectives on information and technology management issues .

A recorded menu will provide information on how to obtain these lists .
a recorded menu will provide information on how to [get] these lists .

Further , in August and September 1995 , HUD convened two working group meetings of interested industry , government , and public officials to obtain their input and to further explore the status of CLOs .
further , in august and september 1995 , hud convened two working group meetings of interested industry , government , and public officials to [get] their input and to further explore the status of clos .

Because LSC attorneys must withdraw whenever a question of a welfare statute 's validity arises , an individual could not obtain joint representation so that the constitutional challenge would be presented by a non-LSC attorney , and other , §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) is necessary to define the scope and contours of the federal program , a condition that ensures funds can be spent for those cases most immediate to congressional concern .
because lsc attorneys must withdraw whenever a question of a welfare statute 's validity arises , an individual could not [get] joint representation so that the constitutional challenge would be presented by a non-lsc attorney , and other , §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) is necessary to define the scope and contours of the federal program , a condition that ensures funds can be spent for those cases most immediate to congressional concern .

In 1998 , LSC 's goal-a goal shared by many of our partners in the American equal justice movement like the American Bar Association and the National Legal Aid and Defender Association-was to obtain a critical mass of new ideas , funds and partners into the national legal services community , and to assist thousands of clients who were being denied access to civil justice because funding was diminished , because programs were failing to keep up with technological and other innovations , and because many of our grantees worked in isolation within states and across state lines .
in 1998 , lsc 's goal-a goal shared by many of our partners in the american equal justice movement like the american bar association and the national legal aid and defender association-was to [get] a critical mass of new ideas , funds and partners into the national legal services community , and to assist thousands of clients who were being denied access to civil justice because funding was diminished , because programs were failing to keep up with technological and other innovations , and because many of our grantees worked in isolation within states and across state lines .

Respondents properly concede that even if welfare claimants can not obtain a lawyer anywhere else , the Government is not required to provide one .
respondents properly concede that even if welfare claimants can not [get] a lawyer anywhere else , the government is not required to provide one .

Competition and State Planning LSC 's primary goals for the calendar year 2002 grants competition are to refine the Request for Proposal ( `` RFP '' ) , simplify the applicant process for competing for LSC grants , and obtain applicant information essential to maintaining a quality legal services delivery system .
competition and state planning lsc 's primary goals for the calendar year 2002 grants competition are to refine the request for proposal ( `` rfp '' ) , simplify the applicant process for competing for lsc grants , and [get] applicant information essential to maintaining a quality legal services delivery system .

The RFP was also modified to obtain more comprehensive information on sub-grantees that receive twenty-five percent ( 25 % ) or more of the LSC grant award , and sub-grantees that deliver a full range of services to a specific geographic area within the applicant 's service area .
the rfp was also modified to [get] more comprehensive information on sub-grantees that receive twenty-five percent ( 25 % ) or more of the lsc grant award , and sub-grantees that deliver a full range of services to a specific geographic area within the applicant 's service area .

The project attempts to identify the number of people served by the following types of work , and obtain descriptions of programs ' efforts and of successes .
the project attempts to identify the number of people served by the following types of work , and [get] descriptions of programs ' efforts and of successes .

These conferences will enable program staff to examine the degree to which gender , race , ethnicity and age have adversely affected the ability of some clients to obtain critical legal services from LSC recipients .
these conferences will enable program staff to examine the degree to which gender , race , ethnicity and age have adversely affected the ability of some clients to [get] critical legal services from lsc recipients .

LSC grant conditions require that programs obtain LSC approval of a merger or consolidation before LSC will allow the transfer of the grant from one program to another .
lsc grant conditions require that programs [get] lsc approval of a merger or consolidation before lsc will allow the transfer of the grant from one program to another .

Of particular importance , however , are the methods for ensuring that LSC obtain necessary access to information in ways that ensure full compliance consistent with its statutory obligations .
of particular importance , however , are the methods for ensuring that lsc [get] necessary access to information in ways that ensure full compliance consistent with its statutory obligations .

Grower associations organized to obtain approval to bring in H-2A workers are now appearing in a number of states .
grower associations organized to [get] approval to bring in h-2a workers are now appearing in a number of states .

Eligible aliens leave the United States for a variety of reasons , including family emergencies , visits with families and friends , to obtain medical care , and for important holidays .
eligible aliens leave the united states for a variety of reasons , including family emergencies , visits with families and friends , to [get] medical care , and for important holidays .

Geographic isolation often makes it difficult for farmworkers to obtain legal assistance while they are employed .
geographic isolation often makes it difficult for farmworkers to [get] legal assistance while they are employed .

While the cost of transportation to the U.S. job site must be reimbursed by the U.S. employer , the H-2A alien still incurs expenses of $ 500 to $ 600 just to obtain the job in the U.S. primarily because of high fees charged by recruiters for agricultural employers .
while the cost of transportation to the u.s. job site must be reimbursed by the u.s. employer , the h-2a alien still incurs expenses of $ 500 to $ 600 just to [get] the job in the u.s. primarily because of high fees charged by recruiters for agricultural employers .

H-2A 's have attempted to obtain legal assistance anonymously due to fear of employer reprisal .
h-2a 's have attempted to [get] legal assistance anonymously due to fear of employer reprisal .

It is extremely difficult to obtain alternative representation for housing eviction , benefits , education , and health access cases , whether the client is an alien or a citizen .
it is extremely difficult to [get] alternative representation for housing eviction , benefits , education , and health access cases , whether the client is an alien or a citizen .

In some cases , the possibility of a mediated settlement does not forgo the need to file litigation , conduct discovery or obtain pre-trial orders .
in some cases , the possibility of a mediated settlement does not forgo the need to file litigation , conduct discovery or [get] pre-trial orders .

In 2002 , LSC gave technical assistance to Alabama , Arkansas , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , and New York , enabling these six states to obtain important consulting and facilitative assistance with configuration and overall planning .
in 2002 , lsc gave technical assistance to alabama , arkansas , mississippi , missouri , montana , and new york , enabling these six states to [get] important consulting and facilitative assistance with configuration and overall planning .

In one , Legal Services Law Line of Vermont , Inc. will make nationally available on-line the core curriculum of the Legal Services Training Consortium of New England , and provide a platform for other legal services organizations to obtain distance learning opportunities , allowing advocates to get skills training without the usual financial and travel costs .
in one , legal services law line of vermont , inc. will make nationally available on-line the core curriculum of the legal services training consortium of new england , and provide a platform for other legal services organizations to [get] distance learning opportunities , allowing advocates to get skills training without the usual financial and travel costs .

Legal Work Management and Supervision One of best ways to obtain uniformly high quality services is to ensure that grantees ' legal work management and supervision is rigorous and effective .
legal work management and supervision one of best ways to [get] uniformly high quality services is to ensure that grantees ' legal work management and supervision is rigorous and effective .

LSC strongly encourages all its grantees to obtain other funding for the client community that Congress has legislated is eligible for LSC funding .
lsc strongly encourages all its grantees to [get] other funding for the client community that congress has legislated is eligible for lsc funding .

The first priority of the Commission was resource development and the Commission led a sustained effort in the California legislature to obtain state funds to support the provision of civil legal services to lowincome persons .
the first priority of the commission was resource development and the commission led a sustained effort in the california legislature to [get] state funds to support the provision of civil legal services to lowincome persons .

Although legislative efforts to obtain state funding for legal services have not been successful to date , planners hope that the legislature might be willing to provide funding to implement such a system , along with other technology-based projects to expand access to justice .
although legislative efforts to [get] state funding for legal services have not been successful to date , planners hope that the legislature might be willing to provide funding to implement such a system , along with other technology-based projects to expand access to justice .

The President of the Florida Bar is leading a Florida Justice Community campaign to obtain a minimum of $ 10 million dollars a year from the Florida Legislature .
the president of the florida bar is leading a florida justice community campaign to [get] a minimum of $ 10 million dollars a year from the florida legislature .

They are installing their pro se kiosks and designing the web site that will allow persons throughout their service area to obtain self-help information in their native tongues .
they are installing their pro se kiosks and designing the web site that will allow persons throughout their service area to [get] self-help information in their native tongues .

The project 's purpose is to obtain and publicize information on model practices , programs , and systems .
the project 's purpose is to [get] and publicize information on model practices , programs , and systems .

Commitment : Design a new management information system to obtain more complete and accurate information about the quality and level of work performed by each grantee and about outcomes achieved for clients .
commitment : design a new management information system to [get] more complete and accurate information about the quality and level of work performed by each grantee and about outcomes achieved for clients .

It is preferable to obtain test organisms from in-house culture units .
it is preferable to [get] test organisms from in-house culture units .

Most states require collection permits , which may be difficult to obtain .
most states require collection permits , which may be difficult to [get] .

Therefore , it is usually more cost effective to culture the organisms in the laboratory or obtain them from private , state , or Federal sources .
therefore , it is usually more cost effective to culture the organisms in the laboratory or [get] them from private , state , or federal sources .

However , some of these organisms ( e.g. , adult sheepshead minnows or adult inland silversides ) may not always be available from commercial suppliers and may have to be collected in the field and brought back to the laboratory for spawning to obtain eggs and larvae .
however , some of these organisms ( e.g. , adult sheepshead minnows or adult inland silversides ) may not always be available from commercial suppliers and may have to be collected in the field and brought back to the laboratory for spawning to [get] eggs and larvae .

Most states require collection permits , which may be difficult to obtain .
most states require collection permits , which may be difficult to [get] .

Therefore , it is usually more cost effective to culture the organisms in the laboratory or obtain them from private , state , or Federal sources .
therefore , it is usually more cost effective to culture the organisms in the laboratory or [get] them from private , state , or federal sources .

Additional seawater may be added to the brine to obtain the volume of brine required .
additional seawater may be added to the brine to [get] the volume of brine required .

More than the minimum number of replicates may be required in situations where it is imperative to obtain optimal statistical results , such as with tests used in enforcement cases or when it is not possible to repeat the tests .
more than the minimum number of replicates may be required in situations where it is imperative to [get] optimal statistical results , such as with tests used in enforcement cases or when it is not possible to repeat the tests .

More than the minimum number of replicates may be required in situations where it is imperative to obtain optimal statistical results , such as with tests used in enforcement cases or when it is not possible to repeat the tests .
more than the minimum number of replicates may be required in situations where it is imperative to [get] optimal statistical results , such as with tests used in enforcement cases or when it is not possible to repeat the tests .

Most states require collecting permits , which may be difficult to obtain .
most states require collecting permits , which may be difficult to [get] .

Therefore , it is usually more cost effective to culture the organisms in the laboratory or obtain them from private , state , or Federal sources .
therefore , it is usually more cost effective to culture the organisms in the laboratory or [get] them from private , state , or federal sources .

This study provides an estimate of the resources required for the installation of control technologies to obtain emission reductions of sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) , nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) , and mercury under the Clear Skies Act .
this study provides an estimate of the resources required for the installation of control technologies to [get] emission reductions of sulfur dioxide ( so2 ) , nitrogen oxides ( nox ) , and mercury under the clear skies act .

The estimated time to obtain the construction permit is approximately=nine months10 but can vary with State and local permitting procedures as well as other interests in the project .
the estimated time to [get] the construction permit is approximately=nine months10 but can vary with state and local permitting procedures as well as other interests in the project .

In one case , only about 4-5 months were needed for obtaining the construction permit,26 and only six months were needed to obtain the construction permit for retrofit of two 900 MWe boilers in another case.21 Shorter periods for construction permit authorization would allow earlier commencement of construction activities and could potentially shorten the overall schedule .
in one case , only about 4-5 months were needed for obtaining the construction permit,26 and only six months were needed to [get] the construction permit for retrofit of two 900 mwe boilers in another case.21 shorter periods for construction permit authorization would allow earlier commencement of construction activities and could potentially shorten the overall schedule .

Benefits transfer is the science and art of adapting primary benefits research from similar contexts to obtain the most accurate measure of benefits for the environmental quality change under analysis .
benefits transfer is the science and art of adapting primary benefits research from similar contexts to [get] the most accurate measure of benefits for the environmental quality change under analysis .

The SAB has advised the EPA that the appropriate way to account for age differences is to obtain the values for risk reductions from the age groups affected by the risk reduction .
the sab has advised the epa that the appropriate way to account for age differences is to [get] the values for risk reductions from the age groups affected by the risk reduction .

They then fit VSL as a function of age and extrapolate outside the range of the data to obtain ratios for the very old .
they then fit vsl as a function of age and extrapolate outside the range of the data to [get] ratios for the very old .

As with other contingent valuation studies , the reliability of the WTP estimates depends on the methods used to obtain the WTP values .
as with other contingent valuation studies , the reliability of the wtp estimates depends on the methods used to [get] the wtp values .

New utility units may obtain allowances from any person , in accordance with this title .
new utility units may [get] allowances from any person , in accordance with this title .

Costs for each postal activity ( mail processing , delivery , etc ) that can be attributed to mail volumes , are divided by total volume to obtain an estimate of the marginal cost.4 The remaining costs are institutional costs that are primarily driven by the size of the network .
costs for each postal activity ( mail processing , delivery , etc ) that can be attributed to mail volumes , are divided by total volume to [get] an estimate of the marginal cost.4 the remaining costs are institutional costs that are primarily driven by the size of the network .

Population is a reasonable proxy for the size of the network and therefore institutional costs are divided by the U.S. population to obtain the additional cost per person .
population is a reasonable proxy for the size of the network and therefore institutional costs are divided by the u.s. population to [get] the additional cost per person .

The Commission was not able to obtain any data on developing countries .
the commission was not able to [get] any data on developing countries .

To obtain FPA domestic rates , the Commission used the available FPA web sites .
to [get] fpa domestic rates , the commission used the available fpa web sites .

Fourth , we need to obtain the domestic postage rates for New Zealand and Israel , the only significant outbound IC mail flows omitted from this analysis .
fourth , we need to [get] the domestic postage rates for new zealand and israel , the only significant outbound ic mail flows omitted from this analysis .

We finally obtain 12,000 unit costs in 12,000 areas.20 The subareas are then ranked on the criteria of increasing unit costs .
we finally [get] 12,000 unit costs in 12,000 areas.20 the subareas are then ranked on the criteria of increasing unit costs .

For example , the Commission approved a two-year experiment of a program that enabled users of bulk , nonletter-size Business Reply Mail such as photofinishers that could reliably determine postage and fees due , to obtain earlier access to their mail at revised fees.15 The Commission subsequently granted a requested extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 More recently , in Docket No .
for example , the commission approved a two-year experiment of a program that enabled users of bulk , nonletter-size business reply mail such as photofinishers that could reliably determine postage and fees due , to [get] earlier access to their mail at revised fees.15 the commission subsequently granted a requested extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 more recently , in docket no .

Thus , cream skimmers would most likely have to have costs no higher than approximately 7 cents per piece in order to compete on a cost basis alone.41 The Postal Service 's productive hourly wage of more than $ 25 may make it likely that cream skimmers could obtain some cost advantage on that basis alone .
thus , cream skimmers would most likely have to have costs no higher than approximately 7 cents per piece in order to compete on a cost basis alone.41 the postal service 's productive hourly wage of more than $ 25 may make it likely that cream skimmers could [get] some cost advantage on that basis alone .

Thus , a cream skimmer would obtain less cost advantage by cutting delivery frequency in the U.S. than in countries with less per capita volume .
thus , a cream skimmer would [get] less cost advantage by cutting delivery frequency in the u.s. than in countries with less per capita volume .

Postal Service.49 A wage premium allows cream skimmers to obtain an efficiency/cost advantage simply by paying the prevailing wage .
postal service.49 a wage premium allows cream skimmers to [get] an efficiency/cost advantage simply by paying the prevailing wage .

We could not obtain any socio-economic information for the ZIP Codes of 336 residential routes ( most of them in Puerto Rico ) because their ZIP Codes were not included in the STF 3B file .
we could not [get] any socio-economic information for the zip codes of 336 residential routes ( most of them in puerto rico ) because their zip codes were not included in the stf 3b file .

If we subtract the 9.9 billion pieces of First-Class advertising mail from First-Class volume and add them to Standard A mail volume , we obtain the following figures : ( a ) 89.8 billion pieces of non-advertising mail ; and ( b ) 87.1 billion pieces of advertising mail .
if we subtract the 9.9 billion pieces of first-class advertising mail from first-class volume and add them to standard a mail volume , we [get] the following figures : ( a ) 89.8 billion pieces of non-advertising mail ; and ( b ) 87.1 billion pieces of advertising mail .

If we perform the same exercise using the actual FY 1998 First-Class and Standard A volume figures of 101.2 billion and 82.9 billion pieces respectively , and assuming that First-Class advertising mail volume has not changed between 1997 and 1998 , we obtain the following figures for FY 1998 : ( a ) 91.3 billion pieces of nonadvertising mail ; and ( b ) 92.8 billion pieces of advertising mail .
if we perform the same exercise using the actual fy 1998 first-class and standard a volume figures of 101.2 billion and 82.9 billion pieces respectively , and assuming that first-class advertising mail volume has not changed between 1997 and 1998 , we [get] the following figures for fy 1998 : ( a ) 91.3 billion pieces of nonadvertising mail ; and ( b ) 92.8 billion pieces of advertising mail .

If we assume that the volume of all sectors and uses in Tables 1 , 2 , and 3 have an elasticity of one with respect to the number of households ( i.e. , every one percent increase in the number of households has yielded exactly a one percent increase in all annual mail volumes and for all years in Tables 1 , 2 , and 3 ) , we can , then , divide the annual volume figures by the number of households in the respective year to obtain annual volume figures per household .
if we assume that the volume of all sectors and uses in tables 1 , 2 , and 3 have an elasticity of one with respect to the number of households ( i.e. , every one percent increase in the number of households has yielded exactly a one percent increase in all annual mail volumes and for all years in tables 1 , 2 , and 3 ) , we can , then , divide the annual volume figures by the number of households in the respective year to [get] annual volume figures per household .

In the subclass approach , the basic and the workshare category are each given a percentage markup over cost , in order to obtain their average rate .
in the subclass approach , the basic and the workshare category are each given a percentage markup over cost , in order to [get] their average rate .

Atta and Shehhi had not settled on where they would obtain their flight training .
atta and shehhi had not settled on where they would [get] their flight training .

Binalshibh could not obtain a U.S. visa .
binalshibh could not [get] a u.s. visa .

After about three months , Hanjour was able to obtain his private pilot 's license .
after about three months , hanjour was able to [get] his private pilot 's license .

KSM sent the muscle hijacker recruits on to Saudi Arabia to obtain U.S. visas .
ksm sent the muscle hijacker recruits on to saudi arabia to [get] u.s. visas .

Atta , moreover , was nervous about his future communications with Binalshibh , whom he instructed to obtain new telephones upon returning to Germany .
atta , moreover , was nervous about his future communications with binalshibh , whom he instructed to [get] new telephones upon returning to germany .

The standard procedure for fire drills was for fire wardens to lead co-workers in their respective areas to the center of the floor , where they would use the emergency intercom phone to obtain specific information on how to proceed .
the standard procedure for fire drills was for fire wardens to lead co-workers in their respective areas to the center of the floor , where they would use the emergency intercom phone to [get] specific information on how to proceed .

After being assigned to a mission in the U.S. , he secretly reentered the Kingdom but failed in an attempt to have his name removed from the list of prohibited travelers so that he could obtain a U.S. visa .
after being assigned to a mission in the u.s. , he secretly reentered the kingdom but failed in an attempt to have his name removed from the list of prohibited travelers so that he could [get] a u.s. visa .

KSM urged Baluchi to obtain a U.S. visa , but Baluchi refused , fearing that he might be watchlisted at the U.S. embassy .
ksm urged baluchi to [get] a u.s. visa , but baluchi refused , fearing that he might be watchlisted at the u.s. embassy .

He arranged to travel to Afghanistan in March 2000 , swore allegiance to Bin Ladin ( agreeing to serve as a suicide operative ) , and was sent to Saudi Arabia by KSM with 9/11 hijacker Ahmad al Haznawi to obtain a U.S. visa , but his visa application was denied because he appeared to be intending to immigrate .
he arranged to travel to afghanistan in march 2000 , swore allegiance to bin ladin ( agreeing to serve as a suicide operative ) , and was sent to saudi arabia by ksm with 9/11 hijacker ahmad al haznawi to [get] a u.s. visa , but his visa application was denied because he appeared to be intending to immigrate .

Nami contacted KSM and received coded instructions to go to Jeddah , call Waleed al Shehri , and obtain visas at the U.S. consulate .
nami contacted ksm and received coded instructions to go to jeddah , call waleed al shehri , and [get] visas at the u.s. consulate .

Ali referred them to places where they could obtain travelers checks .
ali referred them to places where they could [get] travelers checks .

Suqami was the only hijacker not to obtain a U.S. identification document .
suqami was the only hijacker not to [get] a u.s. identification document .

She also spoke with an FBI analyst to obtain additional information .
she also spoke with an fbi analyst to [get] additional information .

The picture taker was in New York to obtain further information regarding his pending citizenship application .
the picture taker was in new york to [get] further information regarding his pending citizenship application .

In this case , application of the routine procedure did not serve that purpose because the FBI agent was aware of the source 's identity as well as the methods used to obtain the information .
in this case , application of the routine procedure did not serve that purpose because the fbi agent was aware of the source 's identity as well as the methods used to [get] the information .

Hazmi and Mihdhar used their true names to obtain California driver 's licenses and open New Jersey bank accounts .
hazmi and mihdhar used their true names to [get] california driver 's licenses and open new jersey bank accounts .

Another agent , however , said that he spoke to an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Minneapolis office and received advice that the facts were almost sufficient to obtain a criminal warrant .
another agent , however , said that he spoke to an assistant u.s. attorney in the minneapolis office and received advice that the facts were almost sufficient to [get] a criminal warrant .

In any event , the Minneapolis agents were concerned that if they tried to first obtain a criminal warrant but the U.S. Attorney 's Office or the judge refused , the FISA Court might reject an application for a FISA warrant on the grounds that the agents were attempting to make an end run around the criminal process .
in any event , the minneapolis agents were concerned that if they tried to first [get] a criminal warrant but the u.s. attorney 's office or the judge refused , the fisa court might reject an application for a fisa warrant on the grounds that the agents were attempting to make an end run around the criminal process .

The plan did not obtain the necessary human resources .
the plan did not [get] the necessary human resources .

In addition to requiring court review of proposed surveillance ( and later , physical searches ) , the 1978 act was interpreted by the courts to require that a search be approved only if its `` primary purpose '' was to obtain foreign intelligence information .
in addition to requiring court review of proposed surveillance ( and later , physical searches ) , the 1978 act was interpreted by the courts to require that a search be approved only if its `` primary purpose '' was to [get] foreign intelligence information .

The NSA was supposed to let the FBI know of any indication of crime , espionage , or `` terrorist enterprise '' so that the FBI could obtain the appropriate warrant .
the nsa was supposed to let the fbi know of any indication of crime , espionage , or `` terrorist enterprise '' so that the fbi could [get] the appropriate warrant .

They learned that al Qaeda had a military committee that was planning operations against U.S. interests worldwide and was actively trying to obtain nuclear material .
they learned that al qaeda had a military committee that was planning operations against u.s. interests worldwide and was actively trying to [get] nuclear material .

Reporting [ - ] suggests Bin Ladin and his allies are preparing for attacks in the US , including an aircraft hijacking to obtain the release of Shaykh 'Umar 'Abd al-Rahman , Ramzi Yousef , and Muhammad Sadiq 'Awda .
reporting [ - ] suggests bin ladin and his allies are preparing for attacks in the us , including an aircraft hijacking to [get] the release of shaykh 'umar 'abd al-rahman , ramzi yousef , and muhammad sadiq 'awda .

Because of the Taliban 's behavior and its association with Pakistan , the Northern Alliance had been able at various times to obtain assistance from Russia , Iran , and India .
because of the taliban 's behavior and its association with pakistan , the northern alliance had been able at various times to [get] assistance from russia , iran , and india .

One of the Cole case agents read the lead with interest , and contacted `` Jane '' to obtain more information . ''
one of the cole case agents read the lead with interest , and contacted `` jane '' to [get] more information . ''

The agent made four recommendations to FBI headquarters : to compile a list of civil aviation schools , establish liaison with those schools , discuss his theories about Bin Ladin with the intelligence community , and seek authority to obtain visa information on persons applying to flight schools .
the agent made four recommendations to fbi headquarters : to compile a list of civil aviation schools , establish liaison with those schools , discuss his theories about bin ladin with the intelligence community , and seek authority to [get] visa information on persons applying to flight schools .

Minneapolis and FBI headquarters debated whether Moussaoui should be arrested immediately or surveilled to obtain additional information .
minneapolis and fbi headquarters debated whether moussaoui should be arrested immediately or surveilled to [get] additional information .

The agents in Minnesota were concerned that the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Minneapolis would find insufficient probable cause of a crime to obtain a criminal warrant to search Moussaoui 's laptop computer .
the agents in minnesota were concerned that the u.s. attorney 's office in minneapolis would find insufficient probable cause of a crime to [get] a criminal warrant to search moussaoui 's laptop computer .

To do so , however , the FBI needed to demonstrate probable cause that Moussaoui was an agent of a foreign power , a demonstration that was not required to obtain a criminal warrant but was a statutory requirement for a FISA warrant .
to do so , however , the fbi needed to demonstrate probable cause that moussaoui was an agent of a foreign power , a demonstration that was not required to [get] a criminal warrant but was a statutory requirement for a fisa warrant .

Discovering it would have required quick and very substantial cooperation from the German government , which might well have been difficult to obtain .
discovering it would have required quick and very substantial cooperation from the german government , which might well have been difficult to [get] .

On the afternoon of 9/11 , according to contemporaneous notes , Secretary Rumsfeld instructed General Myers to obtain quickly as much information as possible .
on the afternoon of 9/11 , according to contemporaneous notes , secretary rumsfeld instructed general myers to [get] quickly as much information as possible .

Before the election , candidates should submit the names of selected members of their prospective transition teams to the FBI so that , if necessary , those team members can obtain security clearances immediately after the election is over .
before the election , candidates should submit the names of selected members of their prospective transition teams to the fbi so that , if necessary , those team members can [get] security clearances immediately after the election is over .

With this document he was able to obtain a Canadian passport under the name of Benni Antoine Noris .
with this document he was able to [get] a canadian passport under the name of benni antoine noris .

Longtime FBI Director Louis Freeh left in June 2001 , after announcing the indictment in the Khobar Towers case that he had worked so long to obtain .
longtime fbi director louis freeh left in june 2001 , after announcing the indictment in the khobar towers case that he had worked so long to [get] .

During this period , Nashiri also led a plot to smuggle four Russian-made antitank missiles into Saudi Arabia from Yemen in early 1998 and helped an embassy bombing operative obtain a Yemeni passport .
during this period , nashiri also led a plot to smuggle four russian-made antitank missiles into saudi arabia from yemen in early 1998 and helped an embassy bombing operative [get] a yemeni passport .

Earlier in 1999 , Bin Ladin had sent Khallad to Yemen to help Nashiri obtain explosives for the planned ship-bombing and to obtain a visa to visit the United States , so that he could participate in an operation there .
earlier in 1999 , bin ladin had sent khallad to yemen to help nashiri [get] explosives for the planned ship-bombing and to [get] a visa to visit the united states , so that he could participate in an operation there .

Khallad applied under another name , using the cover story that he would be visiting a medical clinic to obtain a new prosthesis for his leg .
khallad applied under another name , using the cover story that he would be visiting a medical clinic to [get] a new prosthesis for his leg .

During the spring and summer of 1999 , KSM realized that Khallad and Abu Bara , both of whom were Yemenis , would not be able to obtain U.S. visas as easily as Saudi operatives like Mihdhar and Hazmi .
during the spring and summer of 1999 , ksm realized that khallad and abu bara , both of whom were yemenis , would not be able to [get] u.s. visas as easily as saudi operatives like mihdhar and hazmi .

Slahi instructed them to obtain Pakistani visas and then return to him for further directions on how to reach Afghanistan .
slahi instructed them to [get] pakistani visas and then return to him for further directions on how to reach afghanistan .

Binalshibh proved unable to obtain a visa , a victim of the generalized suspicion that visa applicants from Yemen-especially young men applying in another country ( Binalshibh first applied in Berlin ) -might join the ranks of undocumented aliens seeking work in the United States .
binalshibh proved unable to [get] a visa , a victim of the generalized suspicion that visa applicants from yemen-especially young men applying in another country ( binalshibh first applied in berlin ) -might join the ranks of undocumented aliens seeking work in the united states .

The additional expenses included travel to obtain passports and visas , travel to the United States , expenses incurred by the plot leaders and facilitators , and the expenses incurred by the people selected to be hijackers who ultimately did not participate .
the additional expenses included travel to [get] passports and visas , travel to the united states , expenses incurred by the plot leaders and facilitators , and the expenses incurred by the people selected to be hijackers who ultimately did not participate .

In fact , we have established that Benomrane did not obtain a taxi license , or even a driver 's license , until months after he could be supposed to have chauffeured Hazmi and Mihdhar .
in fact , we have established that benomrane did not [get] a taxi license , or even a driver 's license , until months after he could be supposed to have chauffeured hazmi and mihdhar .

The U.S. Department of Justice declined to obtain an order of use immunity so that Abdullah 's testimony could be compelled .
the u.s. department of justice declined to [get] an order of use immunity so that abdullah 's testimony could be compelled .

The program allowing individuals to travel from foreign countries through the United States to a third country , without having to obtain a U.S. visa , has been suspended .
the program allowing individuals to travel from foreign countries through the united states to a third country , without having to [get] a u.s. visa , has been suspended .

As they existed on 9/11 , the protocols for the FAA to obtain military assistance from NORAD required multiple levels of notification and approval at the highest levels of government .
as they existed on 9/11 , the protocols for the faa to [get] military assistance from norad required multiple levels of notification and approval at the highest levels of government .

Those accounts had the effect of deflecting questions about the military 's capacity to obtain timely and accurate information from its own sources .
those accounts had the effect of deflecting questions about the military 's capacity to [get] timely and accurate information from its own sources .

For the historical evaluation , in order to obtain more precise null occurrence rates , we set the number of replications to 9,999 .
for the historical evaluation , in order to [get] more precise null occurrence rates , we set the number of replications to 9,999 .

The ability to perform disease surveillance without population-at-risk data is especially important in developing countries , where these data may be hard to obtain .
the ability to perform disease surveillance without population-at-risk data is especially important in developing countries , where these data may be hard to [get] .

Further , he subtracted the time to discriminate two stimuli from a situation in which there were also two possible responses in order to obtain the time required for choice .
further , he subtracted the time to discriminate two stimuli from a situation in which there were also two possible responses in order to [get] the time required for choice .

To obtain representative results , all quantification of immunostaining was performed by counting numbers of positive-stained cells and dividing by the area of total tissues using a standard 10 × 10 microscope grid .
to [get] representative results , all quantification of immunostaining was performed by counting numbers of positive-stained cells and dividing by the area of total tissues using a standard 10 × 10 microscope grid .

An insulin infusion algorithm is constructed to allow easy titration of the insulin dose , and IV glucose must also be infused to obtain glucose levels within target ( Box 2 ) .
an insulin infusion algorithm is constructed to allow easy titration of the insulin dose , and iv glucose must also be infused to [get] glucose levels within target ( box 2 ) .

In the H1975 cell line , it was possible to obtain adequate quantities of RNA to confirm that the L858R and T790M mutations are present on the same allele , as would be predicted if T790M confers resistance to inhibition of the L858R allele .
in the h1975 cell line , it was possible to [get] adequate quantities of rna to confirm that the l858r and t790m mutations are present on the same allele , as would be predicted if t790m confers resistance to inhibition of the l858r allele .

To obtain the same fraction of treated individuals in each community , given that there are A ARV regimes for a total of individuals with HIV , the resulting objective function to minimize ( based on least squares ) becomes Our goal is to minimize E , by solving for the number of ARVs to be allocated to each HCF ( S 1 , S 2 , … , S n ) , whilst enforcing the following three constraints : ( i ) ensure that the total number of ARVs available is equal to the sum of the supply allocated to all HCFs , ( ii ) ensure that only a positive number of ARVs are allocated to each HCF ( S j ≥ 0 , j = 1… n ) ; and ( iii ) ensure that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with HIV in the community ( T i ≤ I i , i = 1… m ) .
to [get] the same fraction of treated individuals in each community , given that there are a arv regimes for a total of individuals with hiv , the resulting objective function to minimize ( based on least squares ) becomes our goal is to minimize e , by solving for the number of arvs to be allocated to each hcf ( s 1 , s 2 , … , s n ) , whilst enforcing the following three constraints : ( i ) ensure that the total number of arvs available is equal to the sum of the supply allocated to all hcfs , ( ii ) ensure that only a positive number of arvs are allocated to each hcf ( s j ≥ 0 , j = 1… n ) ; and ( iii ) ensure that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with hiv in the community ( t i ≤ i i , i = 1… m ) .

In Figure 4 we present box plots of the percentage of infected people that obtain treatment per community for the three sets of HCFs and the three catchment region sizes we simulate .
in figure 4 we present box plots of the percentage of infected people that [get] treatment per community for the three sets of hcfs and the three catchment region sizes we simulate .

We have shown that it is possible to obtain a mathematical solution to an equity problem .
we have shown that it is possible to [get] a mathematical solution to an equity problem .

Is it better to treat one child with Hurler-Scheie disease [ 22 ] or to provide good prenatal care to 100 women who might not otherwise obtain it , or for that matter , to feed 1,000 malnourished children ?
is it better to treat one child with hurler-scheie disease [ 22 ] or to provide good prenatal care to 100 women who might not otherwise [get] it , or for that matter , to feed 1,000 malnourished children ?

To obtain a representative sample of health-care professionals , we proportionally sampled doctors , nurses , and midwives from the tertiary facility and systematically selected public and private secondary and primary health-care facilities in the four states .
to [get] a representative sample of health-care professionals , we proportionally sampled doctors , nurses , and midwives from the tertiary facility and systematically selected public and private secondary and primary health-care facilities in the four states .

Providers who reported that they lacked adequate training in HIV/AIDS treatment and ethics had 50 % higher odds of reporting that they failed to obtain informed consent for HIV tests ( more than 50 % of the time ) compared to providers reporting adequate training in these areas ( odds ratio ( OR ) 1.53 , 95 % confidence interval [ CI ] 1.17–2.01 ) .
providers who reported that they lacked adequate training in hiv/aids treatment and ethics had 50 % higher odds of reporting that they failed to [get] informed consent for hiv tests ( more than 50 % of the time ) compared to providers reporting adequate training in these areas ( odds ratio ( or ) 1.53 , 95 % confidence interval [ ci ] 1.17–2.01 ) .

The Rules of Professional Conduct for Medical and Dental Practitioners in Nigeria [ 41 ] states that “ a doctor shall preserve absolute secrecy on all he knows about his patient even after the patient has died , because of the confidence entrusted to him. ” The binding rules also state that “ practitioners…must always obtain consent of the patient or the competent relatives ... before embarking on any special treatment procedures with determinable risks. ” Nigerian medical practitioners also have a duty under these rules to report any unethical conduct by their peers to the Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria .
the rules of professional conduct for medical and dental practitioners in nigeria [ 41 ] states that “ a doctor shall preserve absolute secrecy on all he knows about his patient even after the patient has died , because of the confidence entrusted to him. ” the binding rules also state that “ practitioners…must always [get] consent of the patient or the competent relatives ... before embarking on any special treatment procedures with determinable risks. ” nigerian medical practitioners also have a duty under these rules to report any unethical conduct by their peers to the medical and dental council of nigeria .

It is expected that in order to obtain efficient proteolysis of the target , shaving of chains at their proximal ubiquitin should be slower than the rate of trimming at the distal moiety .
it is expected that in order to [get] efficient proteolysis of the target , shaving of chains at their proximal ubiquitin should be slower than the rate of trimming at the distal moiety .

An ecological problem that has always intrigued biologists and geochemists alike is how these tubeworms obtain their energy over the long term .
an ecological problem that has always intrigued biologists and geochemists alike is how these tubeworms [get] their energy over the long term .

Such trials attempt to obtain an unbiased randomization of patients with respect to known and unknown baseline conditions and to assess the effects of an intervention .
such trials attempt to [get] an unbiased randomization of patients with respect to known and unknown baseline conditions and to assess the effects of an intervention .

Both during surgical training and in the early years of faculty development , surgeons must obtain a thorough grounding in the principles of basic research and proper clinical investigation .
both during surgical training and in the early years of faculty development , surgeons must [get] a thorough grounding in the principles of basic research and proper clinical investigation .

Organisations competing for prizes might be expected to behave secretly to ensure that they are the ones to obtain ‘ credit ’ for the fruits of their work .
organisations competing for prizes might be expected to behave secretly to ensure that they are the ones to [get] ‘ credit ’ for the fruits of their work .

Brady 's team concentrated instead on helping key agencies in seven Southeast Asian countries , especially Indonesia and Malaysia , to obtain and use the appropriate computing tools .
brady 's team concentrated instead on helping key agencies in seven southeast asian countries , especially indonesia and malaysia , to [get] and use the appropriate computing tools .

This survey used a complex , multi-stage , stratified cluster sampling design to obtain a representative sample of the non-institutionalized civilian United States population .
this survey used a complex , multi-stage , stratified cluster sampling design to [get] a representative sample of the non-institutionalized civilian united states population .

With the application of surgical techniques to exercise physiology in the late 1960s ( Bergstrom and Hultman 1966 ) , it became possible to obtain biopsy samples ( ∼150 mg ) of human skeletal muscle , and by means of histological and biochemical analyses , specific morphological , contractile , and metabolic properties were identified .
with the application of surgical techniques to exercise physiology in the late 1960s ( bergstrom and hultman 1966 ) , it became possible to [get] biopsy samples ( ∼150 mg ) of human skeletal muscle , and by means of histological and biochemical analyses , specific morphological , contractile , and metabolic properties were identified .

To obtain an accurate reflection of the total T cell population detected with tetramer in each patient , we decided to rigorously examine at least one representative clone for each subpopulation expressing a different TCR VB ( Table 4 ) .
to [get] an accurate reflection of the total t cell population detected with tetramer in each patient , we decided to rigorously examine at least one representative clone for each subpopulation expressing a different tcr vb ( table 4 ) .

When we surveyed members directly , more than 30 % said that they had been unable to obtain all the medical information they would have liked from their physicians ( Table 2 ) .
when we surveyed members directly , more than 30 % said that they had been unable to [get] all the medical information they would have liked from their physicians ( table 2 ) .

Thus , even though there may now be less time for the counseling , storytelling , support , information sharing , and empowerment-based training that was once a routine part of the typical office visit , we can now help our patients obtain such services by referring them to online patient networks .
thus , even though there may now be less time for the counseling , storytelling , support , information sharing , and empowerment-based training that was once a routine part of the typical office visit , we can now help our patients [get] such services by referring them to online patient networks .

A validated interviewer-administered questionnaire was used to obtain data on physical activity ( kcal per kg per y ) ; this instrument assessed the typical amount of time spent in activities of varying intensity at home , at work , and during recreation [ 33 ] .
a validated interviewer-administered questionnaire was used to [get] data on physical activity ( kcal per kg per y ) ; this instrument assessed the typical amount of time spent in activities of varying intensity at home , at work , and during recreation [ 33 ] .

As they state , however , “ the ability to perform disease surveillance without population-at-risk data is especially important in developing countries , where these data may be hard to obtain . ”
as they state , however , “ the ability to perform disease surveillance without population-at-risk data is especially important in developing countries , where these data may be hard to [get] . ”

In diseases that do not require tissue resection for diagnosis or therapy , it is rare to obtain tissues for analysis .
in diseases that do not require tissue resection for diagnosis or therapy , it is rare to [get] tissues for analysis .

There is no need to worry about limited access due to subscription costs nor an obligation to obtain copyright permission from publishers , which is a bothersome and sometimes expensive process for busy faculty members .
there is no need to worry about limited access due to subscription costs nor an obligation to [get] copyright permission from publishers , which is a bothersome and sometimes expensive process for busy faculty members .

However , in contrast to all of these diseases , in which tumor cells are readily accessible , lung-cancer-related tumors are more difficult to access , as illustrated by the limited manner in which we were able to obtain tumor cells from various sites of disease ( see Figure 1 ) .
however , in contrast to all of these diseases , in which tumor cells are readily accessible , lung-cancer-related tumors are more difficult to access , as illustrated by the limited manner in which we were able to [get] tumor cells from various sites of disease ( see figure 1 ) .

Smaller RFBR grants , while simpler to obtain , are insufficient to purchase large pieces of equipment , and funds from several grants or several years can not be combined due to bureaucratic restrictions .
smaller rfbr grants , while simpler to [get] , are insufficient to purchase large pieces of equipment , and funds from several grants or several years can not be combined due to bureaucratic restrictions .

Thus , we suggested [ 1 ] that a primary goal should be to obtain empirical data of the distances that patients in South Africa are willing ( or able ) to travel in order to receive antiretrovirals .
thus , we suggested [ 1 ] that a primary goal should be to [get] empirical data of the distances that patients in south africa are willing ( or able ) to travel in order to receive antiretrovirals .

In our study , we combined NAMCS and NHAMCS data to obtain a wider range of outpatient settings and a broader socioeconomic spectrum of patients seeking ambulatory care .
in our study , we combined namcs and nhamcs data to [get] a wider range of outpatient settings and a broader socioeconomic spectrum of patients seeking ambulatory care .

The results of these trials can be written as a vector x c , the entries of which were either zero ( uninfected ) or one ( infected ) : By summing over the elements of x c , we obtain the number of infected animals in the control group , ι c : In the vaccinated group , we simulate single challenges with the ID 50 similarly to the control group by performing Bernoulli trials .
the results of these trials can be written as a vector x c , the entries of which were either zero ( uninfected ) or one ( infected ) : by summing over the elements of x c , we [get] the number of infected animals in the control group , ι c : in the vaccinated group , we simulate single challenges with the id 50 similarly to the control group by performing bernoulli trials .

The relation of p v to the effect of the vaccine on the susceptibility of the host , VE S , is given by : The results of these Bernoulli trials can again be written as a vector x v , and summing the elements of x v we obtain the number of infected animals in the vaccinated group , ι v .
the relation of p v to the effect of the vaccine on the susceptibility of the host , ve s , is given by : the results of these bernoulli trials can again be written as a vector x v , and summing the elements of x v we [get] the number of infected animals in the vaccinated group , ι v .

The results of these repeated Bernoulli trials can be written as two vectors , y c , which contains the number of challenges that have been performed on each animal : and s c , which contains information on whether a given animal is uninfected ( zero ) or infected ( one ) : By summing over y c , we obtain the total number of challenges performed in the control group , η c : By summing over s c , we obtain the number of infected animals in the control group , ι c : To simulate repeated low-dose challenges in the vaccinated group , we perform repeated Bernoulli trials with a probability of success p v .
the results of these repeated bernoulli trials can be written as two vectors , y c , which contains the number of challenges that have been performed on each animal : and s c , which contains information on whether a given animal is uninfected ( zero ) or infected ( one ) : by summing over y c , we [get] the total number of challenges performed in the control group , η c : by summing over s c , we [get] the number of infected animals in the control group , ι c : to simulate repeated low-dose challenges in the vaccinated group , we perform repeated bernoulli trials with a probability of success p v .

This is free money that only you can help the IRT obtain .
this is free money that only you can help the irt [get] .

If we obtain our goal soon , the fund can begin to be used for excellence in teaching and research .
if we [get] our goal soon , the fund can begin to be used for excellence in teaching and research .

This is free money that only you can help the IRT obtain .
this is free money that only you can help the irt [get] .

This is free money that only you can help the IRT obtain .
this is free money that only you can help the irt [get] .

Our expert horticulturists will answer personal garden questions and guests will also be able to obtain gardening tips in the Dick Crum Resource Center .
our expert horticulturists will answer personal garden questions and guests will also be able to [get] gardening tips in the dick crum resource center .

Participants in the Youth Outcomes Educational Initiative identified three goals for all our youth to obtain : economic self-sufficiency , healthy family , social relationships , and involvement in the community .
participants in the youth outcomes educational initiative identified three goals for all our youth to [get] : economic self-sufficiency , healthy family , social relationships , and involvement in the community .

September 3 , 1992 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : It only takes three quick , easy steps to obtain a matching gift from your ( or your spouse 's ) employer to enhance your donation to the Indiana University School of Law -Indianapolis .
september 3 , 1992 name address city , st zip dear name : it only takes three quick , easy steps to [get] a matching gift from your ( or your spouse 's ) employer to enhance your donation to the indiana university school of law -indianapolis .

Obtain a matching gift form ( again through personnel ) .
[get] a matching gift form ( again through personnel ) .

How ironic if Hollywood threw out a century of film to adopt a technology that did not evoke the mind-state that people buy movie tickets in order to obtain ?
how ironic if hollywood threw out a century of film to adopt a technology that did not evoke the mind-state that people buy movie tickets in order to [get] ?

McAuliffe is seen as a new breed of entrepreneurial fund-raisers who leverage their services not to obtain cushy ambassadorial posts or lobbyist clout but to help fuel telecommunications , banking , and real-estate business deals .
mcauliffe is seen as a new breed of entrepreneurial fund-raisers who leverage their services not to [get] cushy ambassadorial posts or lobbyist clout but to help fuel telecommunications , banking , and real-estate business deals .

Two hundred years after the events of Alien 3 , they obtain a vial of Ripley 's alien-infected blood and grow her -- and the creature that she was carrying to term -- in a laboratory .
two hundred years after the events of alien 3 , they [get] a vial of ripley 's alien-infected blood and grow her -- and the creature that she was carrying to term -- in a laboratory .

The father , to obtain financial support from his wealthy brother ( Carl Reiner ) , volunteers to take in his vaguely schizzy , dipsomaniacal niece ( Marisa Tomei ) .
the father , to [get] financial support from his wealthy brother ( carl reiner ) , volunteers to take in his vaguely schizzy , dipsomaniacal niece ( marisa tomei ) .

The Wall Street Journal reports that Wal-Mart has sued Amazon.com over what the Arkansas-based retailer says is an attempt to obtain the trade secrets of its computer system for identifying and mining customer preference data .
the wall street journal reports that wal-mart has sued amazon.com over what the arkansas-based retailer says is an attempt to [get] the trade secrets of its computer system for identifying and mining customer preference data .

The paper describes how quite generally , liberalized trading rules worked for by Clinton , not only generated increased sales for America 's high tech companies but also may have allowed China to obtain a wide range of sophisticated technology that has already been put to military use .
the paper describes how quite generally , liberalized trading rules worked for by clinton , not only generated increased sales for america 's high tech companies but also may have allowed china to [get] a wide range of sophisticated technology that has already been put to military use .

Cliché , which ( according to the Oxford English Dictionary ) is French for `` to click , '' refers to the `` striking of melted lead in order to obtain a proof or cast . ''
cliché , which ( according to the oxford english dictionary ) is french for `` to click , '' refers to the `` striking of melted lead in order to [get] a proof or cast . ''

The Bahrain daily Akhbar al-Khaleej rejoiced at the failure of Assistant Secretary of State Martin Indyk to obtain endorsement for America 's plans from the five Gulf states he visited earlier in the week .
the bahrain daily akhbar al-khaleej rejoiced at the failure of assistant secretary of state martin indyk to [get] endorsement for america 's plans from the five gulf states he visited earlier in the week .

I have yet to obtain viewership figures for Moesha , but I suspect the show will be in the top three among blacks .
i have yet to [get] viewership figures for moesha , but i suspect the show will be in the top three among blacks .

Draper boasted that , in exchange for an extortionate fee , he could : arrange lunches at 10 Downing St. and meetings with top ministers , help the client get appointed to a government advisory board , and obtain early drafts of parliamentary reports related to the client 's industry .
draper boasted that , in exchange for an extortionate fee , he could : arrange lunches at 10 downing st. and meetings with top ministers , help the client get appointed to a government advisory board , and [get] early drafts of parliamentary reports related to the client 's industry .

In this group , it 's common for moms to march into school at the beginning of the year and obtain several months ' worth of assignments in advance so their children can get a head start .
in this group , it 's common for moms to march into school at the beginning of the year and [get] several months ' worth of assignments in advance so their children can get a head start .

Researchers sometimes prey on patient desperation and fail to obtain informed consent .
researchers sometimes prey on patient desperation and fail to [get] informed consent .

Most everyone else in the world rations implicitly through a process known as `` queuing '' in England by progressively increasing the length of time needed to obtain services until the least hardy either get better , get discouraged , or die .
most everyone else in the world rations implicitly through a process known as `` queuing '' in england by progressively increasing the length of time needed to [get] services until the least hardy either get better , get discouraged , or die .

They know that the type of 'evidence ' they want is impossible to obtain .
they know that the type of 'evidence ' they want is impossible to [get] .

Either obtain your programs from trustworthy sources , or ensure that the programs behave .
either [get] your programs from trustworthy sources , or ensure that the programs behave .

The NYT 's off-lead reports that the U.S. Embassy in Moscow is making it increasingly difficult for Russian students to obtain visas to attend American universities .
the nyt 's off-lead reports that the u.s. embassy in moscow is making it increasingly difficult for russian students to [get] visas to attend american universities .

If Professor Amar 's proposal became law , I would be obligated to force all investigation targets to testify just so that I could obtain the fruits of the testimony .
if professor amar 's proposal became law , i would be obligated to force all investigation targets to testify just so that i could [get] the fruits of the testimony .

Expect roughly the same effort it might take to obtain payment from the Defense Department for a small anti-ballistic missile system .
expect roughly the same effort it might take to [get] payment from the defense department for a small anti-ballistic missile system .

The trial 's biggest revelation was that Harris and Klebold had made a videotape outlining their plan , thanking those who had helped them obtain the necessary weapons , and assuring future viewers that they were acting alone without anyone else 's knowledge .
the trial 's biggest revelation was that harris and klebold had made a videotape outlining their plan , thanking those who had helped them [get] the necessary weapons , and assuring future viewers that they were acting alone without anyone else 's knowledge .

The main editorial in Ha'aretz concerned an international campaign to obtain the early release of Israel 's Mordechai Vanunu , who was kidnapped by Mossad in Italy 12 years ago , taken back to Israel , and given an 18-year prison sentence for having revealed his country 's nuclear secrets .
the main editorial in ha'aretz concerned an international campaign to [get] the early release of israel 's mordechai vanunu , who was kidnapped by mossad in italy 12 years ago , taken back to israel , and given an 18-year prison sentence for having revealed his country 's nuclear secrets .

A team of the agency 's auditors operated a sting this year that established that callers could easily obtain income data on other taxpayers using only name , address and Social Security Number .
a team of the agency 's auditors operated a sting this year that established that callers could easily [get] income data on other taxpayers using only name , address and social security number .

Both Times explain that the new California HMO laws mandate plan coverage of such previously uncovered areas as cancer screening , give Californians the right to sue their health plans , to obtain second medical opinions , and to appeal treatment funding decisions to an independent review board -- in short the key features now being debated by Congress in its attempts to arrive at a patients ' bill of rights .
both times explain that the new california hmo laws mandate plan coverage of such previously uncovered areas as cancer screening , give californians the right to sue their health plans , to [get] second medical opinions , and to appeal treatment funding decisions to an independent review board -- in short the key features now being debated by congress in its attempts to arrive at a patients ' bill of rights .

Gorney gives us a fascinating glimpse , for example , of the involvement of the clergy in helping women obtain illegal abortions in the late '60s .
gorney gives us a fascinating glimpse , for example , of the involvement of the clergy in helping women [get] illegal abortions in the late '60s .

An interloper would have to obtain thousands of PINs and computers to influence any election .
an interloper would have to [get] thousands of pins and computers to influence any election .

Hearteningly , the attacks failed because the terrorists could n't obtain or produce germs of sufficient virulence .
hearteningly , the attacks failed because the terrorists could n't [get] or produce germs of sufficient virulence .

The WSJ reports that the Justice Department has decided to fight Starr 's efforts to obtain testimony from presidential bodyguards .
the wsj reports that the justice department has decided to fight starr 's efforts to [get] testimony from presidential bodyguards .

Chatterbox was unable to obtain details of this story , but `` Murph '' Murphy is the person to whom Edward H. Heinemann , an aircraft designer and engineer for Douglas Aircraft in the 1940s and '50s , attributes Murphy 's Law in his ( Heinemann 's ) 1980 autobiography , Ed Heinemann : Combat Aircraft Designer .
chatterbox was unable to [get] details of this story , but `` murph '' murphy is the person to whom edward h. heinemann , an aircraft designer and engineer for douglas aircraft in the 1940s and '50s , attributes murphy 's law in his ( heinemann 's ) 1980 autobiography , ed heinemann : combat aircraft designer .

Pride , the pain of their memories , and red tape are making it difficult for thousands of America 's 100,000 graying survivors to obtain the money and services to which they 're entitled .
pride , the pain of their memories , and red tape are making it difficult for thousands of america 's 100,000 graying survivors to [get] the money and services to which they 're entitled .

For example , to obtain a share of the $ 1.25 billion in assets two Swiss banks may pay to survivors this week , they must fill out forms asking them to : `` Please describe , in as much detail as you can , where the Subject was from 1934 to 1945 . ''
for example , to [get] a share of the $ 1.25 billion in assets two swiss banks may pay to survivors this week , they must fill out forms asking them to : `` please describe , in as much detail as you can , where the subject was from 1934 to 1945 . ''

For example , if a campaign requests matching funds for a $ 500 donation from a joint checking account , it must obtain a letter verifying that each person contributed half ; otherwise the campaign will receive only $ 250 of the matching funds .
for example , if a campaign requests matching funds for a $ 500 donation from a joint checking account , it must [get] a letter verifying that each person contributed half ; otherwise the campaign will receive only $ 250 of the matching funds .

What technology is globalizing the collectibles market -- is making it possible for , say , a museum in Japan to obtain cast-off vintage toys from the United States ?
what technology is globalizing the collectibles market -- is making it possible for , say , a museum in japan to [get] cast-off vintage toys from the united states ?

Rodchenko , who for a couple of years after the Revolution continued to ally himself with the soon-to-be-banned anarchists , now felt the shifting winds and bent himself to various acts of public self-criticism , but even so he found himself unable to obtain permits for street photography .
rodchenko , who for a couple of years after the revolution continued to ally himself with the soon-to-be-banned anarchists , now felt the shifting winds and bent himself to various acts of public self-criticism , but even so he found himself unable to [get] permits for street photography .

The government alleged that the centers caused Medicare to pay for hundreds of thousands of needless tests for patients and had paid kickbacks to obtain referrals .
the government alleged that the centers caused medicare to pay for hundreds of thousands of needless tests for patients and had paid kickbacks to [get] referrals .

U.S. law also prohibits contributions from any individual contractor or partnership doing business with the government , and requires a `` best effort '' to obtain the name , address , occupation , and employer of every individual contributing over $ 200 .
u.s. law also prohibits contributions from any individual contractor or partnership doing business with the government , and requires a `` best effort '' to [get] the name , address , occupation , and employer of every individual contributing over $ 200 .

In other words , they 're willing to admit to a mistake in a non-combat zone , when lots of supervisors are involved , with lots of lead time , and involving simple technology but ca n't contemplate a mistake when none of these favorable conditions obtain .
in other words , they 're willing to admit to a mistake in a non-combat zone , when lots of supervisors are involved , with lots of lead time , and involving simple technology but ca n't contemplate a mistake when none of these favorable conditions [get] .

As many as 30 percent of 65-year-old men and probably over 50 percent of 75-year-olds are unable to `` obtain and/or maintain a satisfactory erection for intercourse . ''
as many as 30 percent of 65-year-old men and probably over 50 percent of 75-year-olds are unable to `` [get] and/or maintain a satisfactory erection for intercourse . ''

One gets a sense of the priorities in Cuba : A teacher who could n't put meat on her table ( what little she finds she gives to her son ) was able to obtain a full medical work-up including endoscopy and biopsy of her stomach .
one gets a sense of the priorities in cuba : a teacher who could n't put meat on her table ( what little she finds she gives to her son ) was able to [get] a full medical work-up including endoscopy and biopsy of her stomach .

In the most outrageous case , in 1993 , the government accused National Medical Enterprises of paying `` bounty hunters '' to obtain patients for its psychiatric hospitals .
in the most outrageous case , in 1993 , the government accused national medical enterprises of paying `` bounty hunters '' to [get] patients for its psychiatric hospitals .

The ticketing agent told me that my carry-ons would be searched , and that I needed to obtain a signature from security on an attached label in order to board .
the ticketing agent told me that my carry-ons would be searched , and that i needed to [get] a signature from security on an attached label in order to board .

While we 're at it , let 's compare three kinds of marriage : a no-fault contract ( where either party can obtain a divorce on demand ) , a mutual-consent contract ( where both parties must agree to a divorce ) , and a covenant marriage ( where even mutual consent is not enough ) .
while we 're at it , let 's compare three kinds of marriage : a no-fault contract ( where either party can [get] a divorce on demand ) , a mutual-consent contract ( where both parties must agree to a divorce ) , and a covenant marriage ( where even mutual consent is not enough ) .

In reality , it takes more work and more character for poor student `` X '' to finish in the top ten percent of his or her public school class and obtain a mediocre SAT score than it does for rich kid `` Y '' to finish in the bottom half of his private school class and score slightly higher on the SAT .
in reality , it takes more work and more character for poor student `` x '' to finish in the top ten percent of his or her public school class and [get] a mediocre sat score than it does for rich kid `` y '' to finish in the bottom half of his private school class and score slightly higher on the sat .

The London-based al-'Arab said Cohen 's Gulf tour had been successful as an arms-selling exercise but a relative flop politically because he had `` failed to obtain the traditional show of collective Gulf support for the policy of aggression his country pursues against Iraq . ''
the london-based al-'arab said cohen 's gulf tour had been successful as an arms-selling exercise but a relative flop politically because he had `` failed to [get] the traditional show of collective gulf support for the policy of aggression his country pursues against iraq . ''

Federal agents have now confiscated a computer in Orlando , Fla. , that may contain clues to the virus 's author , and they have secured a court order to obtain apparently confidential information from America Online , since an AOL account seems to have been used to launch the virus onto the Internet .
federal agents have now confiscated a computer in orlando , fla. , that may contain clues to the virus 's author , and they have secured a court order to [get] apparently confidential information from america online , since an aol account seems to have been used to launch the virus onto the internet .

Under the resolution ( more commonly known as the `` War Powers Act '' ) , the president has 90 days to obtain congressional approval of a military action .
under the resolution ( more commonly known as the `` war powers act '' ) , the president has 90 days to [get] congressional approval of a military action .

The letter insists that `` The Constitution compels you to obtain authority from Congress before taking military action against Yugoslavia . ''
the letter insists that `` the constitution compels you to [get] authority from congress before taking military action against yugoslavia . ''

If they do obtain it on the black market they are going to find that it does n't do anything for them they ca n't already do without it .
if they do [get] it on the black market they are going to find that it does n't do anything for them they ca n't already do without it .

Thus , if a U.S. court rules a search is unconstitutional , the inspectors will be forced to obtain warrants .
thus , if a u.s. court rules a search is unconstitutional , the inspectors will be forced to [get] warrants .

The analogy , they say , is the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty that took 20 years to obtain 178 members -- and only after the United States used sanctions to force the hand of reluctant governments .
the analogy , they say , is the nuclear non-proliferation treaty that took 20 years to [get] 178 members -- and only after the united states used sanctions to force the hand of reluctant governments .

Unmarried partners , of the same or opposite sex , must hire a lawyer to obtain this authority .
unmarried partners , of the same or opposite sex , must hire a lawyer to [get] this authority .

The government is concerned that foreign powers ( as well as terrorists and criminal cartels ) might obtain cryptography that is uncrackable .
the government is concerned that foreign powers ( as well as terrorists and criminal cartels ) might [get] cryptography that is uncrackable .

One of the few remaining ways to obtain a coveted `` downward departure '' -- a sentence below the official range -- is through cooperation with the government .
one of the few remaining ways to [get] a coveted `` downward departure '' -- a sentence below the official range -- is through cooperation with the government .

Similar exhumations of mass graves in Bosnia and Rwanda are intended to obtain evidence that will convict war criminals .
similar exhumations of mass graves in bosnia and rwanda are intended to [get] evidence that will convict war criminals .

In the fall of 1995 , none other than Henry Kissinger -- the author of the secret incursion into Cambodia that prompted the War Powers Act -- asserted that Clinton must `` obtain clear and unambiguous congressional backing '' before sending troops to Bosnia .
in the fall of 1995 , none other than henry kissinger -- the author of the secret incursion into cambodia that prompted the war powers act -- asserted that clinton must `` [get] clear and unambiguous congressional backing '' before sending troops to bosnia .

According to the NYT , the IRA cease-fire `` announcement came after British Prime Minister Tony Blair had made several important concessions to [ the IRA 's political arm ] Sinn Fein to obtain the new cease-fire , notably saying that disarmament of [ IRA and Protestant ] paramilitaries would not have to start before the September talks . ''
according to the nyt , the ira cease-fire `` announcement came after british prime minister tony blair had made several important concessions to [ the ira 's political arm ] sinn fein to [get] the new cease-fire , notably saying that disarmament of [ ira and protestant ] paramilitaries would not have to start before the september talks . ''

Amazon needs two to three days to obtain this one , plus between three and seven days to send it to you .
amazon needs two to three days to [get] this one , plus between three and seven days to send it to you .

Especially now , when any investor can obtain almost perfect diversification with index funds and index options -- and thus get the exact return of the market as a whole .
especially now , when any investor can [get] almost perfect diversification with index funds and index options -- and thus get the exact return of the market as a whole .

For those who wanted a standard one-size-fits-all contract , that would still be easy to obtain .
for those who wanted a standard one-size-fits-all contract , that would still be easy to [get] .

The New York Times leads with big business ' drive to obtain credit for cuts in waste gas emissions .
the new york times leads with big business ' drive to [get] credit for cuts in waste gas emissions .

His column takes on the demand being raised in the House of Representatives over the signatures of 40 members that President Clinton obtain authority from Congress for any such venture before embarking upon it .
his column takes on the demand being raised in the house of representatives over the signatures of 40 members that president clinton [get] authority from congress for any such venture before embarking upon it .

The NYT reports that Lewinsky 's new attorneys -- especially tough-talking Jacob A. Stein -- had the tact and clout needed to obtain immunity for their client .
the nyt reports that lewinsky 's new attorneys -- especially tough-talking jacob a. stein -- had the tact and clout needed to [get] immunity for their client .

Most of the stories get a little lost among all these trees , with the LAT alone in high up clearly sighting the forest : the ruling will probably `` make it more difficult for [ Starr ] to obtain evidence of alleged criminal wrongdoing by Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton , '' Hubbell 's former law partner .
most of the stories get a little lost among all these trees , with the lat alone in high up clearly sighting the forest : the ruling will probably `` make it more difficult for [ starr ] to [get] evidence of alleged criminal wrongdoing by lady hillary rodham clinton , '' hubbell 's former law partner .

The order also grants Medicare beneficiaries the right to obtain information about the financial condition of a private heath plan and about how its doctors are paid .
the order also grants medicare beneficiaries the right to [get] information about the financial condition of a private heath plan and about how its doctors are paid .

No , dear , to obtain uncontradictory agreement with the partner ?
no , dear , to [get] uncontradictory agreement with the partner ?

In CED the relevant definition of reference seems to be “ a book or passage referred to , ” or perhaps “ a mention or allusion ” ; in Cobuild , “ something such as a number or name that tells you where you can obtain the information that you want , for example from a book , list , or map ... . ” We are none the wiser .
in ced the relevant definition of reference seems to be “ a book or passage referred to , ” or perhaps “ a mention or allusion ” ; in cobuild , “ something such as a number or name that tells you where you can [get] the information that you want , for example from a book , list , or map ... . ” we are none the wiser .

Observing the Englishmen cut down entire forests to obtain firewood , the Indians reasonably concluded that a shortage of fuel must have driven these wancomplexioned visitors to their shores .
observing the englishmen cut down entire forests to [get] firewood , the indians reasonably concluded that a shortage of fuel must have driven these wancomplexioned visitors to their shores .

None of this has much to do with Webster 's Third , the book or the dictionary , and I should say that anyone who has an interest in the documentation of such things would be well served to obtain a copy of it ( the book ) ; it is well written and interestingly set forth .
none of this has much to do with webster 's third , the book or the dictionary , and i should say that anyone who has an interest in the documentation of such things would be well served to [get] a copy of it ( the book ) ; it is well written and interestingly set forth .

Crews of those smaller vessels referred to the Dixie as a gedunk ship , because she had a refreshment stand where they might obtain delicacies like chocolate sundaes or gedunks .
crews of those smaller vessels referred to the dixie as a gedunk ship , because she had a refreshment stand where they might [get] delicacies like chocolate sundaes or gedunks .

While that is true about the majority of words , it does not obtain for all the words and certainly not for many of the colorful parts of the language , notably slang and idiomatic expressions .
while that is true about the majority of words , it does not [get] for all the words and certainly not for many of the colorful parts of the language , notably slang and idiomatic expressions .

