The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M. Karns , who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' .
the last 10 cases in the investigation of the nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by acting judge john m. karns , who charged that the prosecution [got] evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' .

He said evidence was obtained `` in violation of the legal rights of citizens '' .
he said evidence was [got] `` in violation of the legal rights of citizens '' .

Matching funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as radios , sirens and rescue trucks , he said .
matching funds also can be [got] for procurement of such items as radios , sirens and rescue trucks , he said .

Mr. Hawksley believes that East Providence could use two more rescue trucks , similar to the CD vehicle obtained several years ago and now detailed to the Central Fire Station .
mr. hawksley believes that east providence could use two more rescue trucks , similar to the cd vehicle [got] several years ago and now detailed to the central fire station .

Returning to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had obtained the license number .
returning to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the sisk boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had [got] the license number .

The recent publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have obtained .
the recent publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have [got] .

That such expansion can be obtained without a raise in taxes is due to growth of the tax digest and sound fiscal planning on the part of the board of commissioners , headed by Chairman Charles O. Emmerich who is demonstrating that the public trust he was given was well placed , and other county officials .
that such expansion can be [got] without a raise in taxes is due to growth of the tax digest and sound fiscal planning on the part of the board of commissioners , headed by chairman charles o. emmerich who is demonstrating that the public trust he was given was well placed , and other county officials .

The Carbondale Industrial Development Corp. has obtained a $500,000 loan to help defray the cost of remodeling a city-owned factory to accommodate production that will provide 500 new jobs .
the carbondale industrial development corp. has [got] a $500,000 loan to help defray the cost of remodeling a city-owned factory to accommodate production that will provide 500 new jobs .

I regret that Bertha Madeira ( Today's `` Voice '' ) obtained incorrect information .
i regret that bertha madeira ( today's `` voice '' ) [got] incorrect information .

The people of Katanga had fought for , and obtained , their freedom from the Communist yoke of Antoine Gizenga , and his cohorts .
the people of katanga had fought for , and [got] , their freedom from the communist yoke of antoine gizenga , and his cohorts .

There is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings , apparently obtained at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies .
there is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings , apparently [got] at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies .

In any case , though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree , they obtained mortality instead .
in any case , though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree , they [got] mortality instead .

the rest is obtained from harbor scallops .
the rest is [got] from harbor scallops .

Measurements for rectangular pattern piece A are obtained by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl .
measurements for rectangular pattern piece a are [got] by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl .

This can be obtained in 42-inch widths 24 feet long .
this can be [got] in 42-inch widths 24 feet long .

If there are any major restrictions , they usually can be obtained in printed form .
if there are any major restrictions , they usually can be [got] in printed form .

The best results will be obtained by matching the correct speed with a steady feed pressure that lets the tool cut easily at an even rate .
the best results will be [got] by matching the correct speed with a steady feed pressure that lets the tool cut easily at an even rate .

`` We , the Subscribers , do agree , that as soon as a convenient Number of Persons have subscribed to this , or a similar Writing , We will present a petition to the Hon'ble General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , praying for an Act incorporating into a Body politic the subscribers to such Writing with Liberty to build such a Bridge , and a Right to demand a Toll equal to that received at Malden Bridge , and on like Terms , and if such an Act shall be obtained , then we severally agree each with the others , that we will hold in the said Bridge the several shares set against our respective Names , the whole into two hundred shares being divided , and that we will pay such sums of Money at such Times and in such Manners , as by the said proposed Corporation , shall be directed and required '' .
`` we , the subscribers , do agree , that as soon as a convenient number of persons have subscribed to this , or a similar writing , we will present a petition to the hon'ble general court of the commonwealth of massachusetts , praying for an act incorporating into a body politic the subscribers to such writing with liberty to build such a bridge , and a right to demand a toll equal to that received at malden bridge , and on like terms , and if such an act shall be [got] , then we severally agree each with the others , that we will hold in the said bridge the several shares set against our respective names , the whole into two hundred shares being divided , and that we will pay such sums of money at such times and in such manners , as by the said proposed corporation , shall be directed and required '' .

These frequencies are amplified and detected by the FM receiver after each burst of transmitted energy and , after the `` pill '' has been calibrated , precise internal pressure indications can be obtained .
these frequencies are amplified and detected by the fm receiver after each burst of transmitted energy and , after the `` pill '' has been calibrated , precise internal pressure indications can be [got] .

Drs. Howry and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medical School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results .
drs. howry and holmes at the university of colorado medical school have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have [got] extremely good results .

Usually premium reductions can be obtained by applying deductibles to your liability plan .
usually premium reductions can be [got] by applying deductibles to your liability plan .

In this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained .
in this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes [got] .

A part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen , per cow , or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time farmer .
a part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen , per cow , or per acre as can be [got] by a competent full-time farmer .

He had obtained and provisioned a veteran ship called the Discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded .
he had [got] and provisioned a veteran ship called the discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded .

For wasp stings onion juice , obtained by scraping an onion , gave quick relief .
for wasp stings onion juice , [got] by scraping an onion , gave quick relief .

Notice , Knowlton did not say that he would have obtained a conviction in the trial of Lizzie Borden .
notice , knowlton did not say that he would have [got] a conviction in the trial of lizzie borden .

This last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few , if any , graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training , the whole idea of relevance disappears .
this last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few , if any , graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have [got] a job as a consequence of the training , the whole idea of relevance disappears .

Practically all of these practical skills are of such a nature that a degree of mastery can be obtained in high school sufficient to enable the youth to get a job at once on the basis of the skill .
practically all of these practical skills are of such a nature that a degree of mastery can be [got] in high school sufficient to enable the youth to get a job at once on the basis of the skill .

In a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his vocation ( which may be a profession ) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained .
in a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his vocation ( which may be a profession ) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence [got] .

The economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater , because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn , oats , barley , and sorghum -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed , cottonseed , and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry , meat , and dairy products .
the economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater , because additional returns are [got] from most of the corn , oats , barley , and sorghum -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed , cottonseed , and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry , meat , and dairy products .

They ordered the raising of troops and obtained 75,000 livres with which to build forts .
they ordered the raising of troops and [got] 75,000 livres with which to build forts .

He became , after a time , commander of a post on the Alabama River , but his operations extended from Mobile throughout the district , and he finally obtained a monopoly of the Indian trade .
he became , after a time , commander of a post on the alabama river , but his operations extended from mobile throughout the district , and he finally [got] a monopoly of the indian trade .

The only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper bough of the apple tree .
the only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that [got] from an upper bough of the apple tree .

Most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts , and not as a rule by playing clever tricks .
most of my stories were [got] by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts , and not as a rule by playing clever tricks .

Mr. Baer obtained a supply of crepe hair and spirit-gum from an actor at the Friars .
mr. baer [got] a supply of crepe hair and spirit-gum from an actor at the friars .

Peters insisted that this impression was a great misunderstanding , and evidently , from the quarrel , obtained an unfavorable impression of Morgan's judgment .
peters insisted that this impression was a great misunderstanding , and evidently , from the quarrel , [got] an unfavorable impression of morgan's judgment .

Obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that Morgan would furnish him good intelligence too , for on the 23rd of May , he told Morgan that the British were prepared to move , perhaps in the night , and asked Morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained .
obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that morgan would furnish him good intelligence too , for on the 23rd of may , he told morgan that the british were prepared to move , perhaps in the night , and asked morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to general smallwood with the intelligence [got] .

Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs. Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia , and would return on May 26th , escorted by several officers from Maryland `` belonging to the new levies in the British service '' .
colonel benjamin ford wrote to morgan from wilmington that he understood a mrs. sanderson from maryland had [got] permission from smallwood to visit philadelphia , and would return on may 26th , escorted by several officers from maryland `` belonging to the new levies in the british service '' .

It would , however , reach the proctors and other officers in charge of the public-school performances of the incepting bachelors , and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he comported himself in the public schools during his acts therein as he was incepting .
it would , however , reach the proctors and other officers in charge of the public-school performances of the incepting bachelors , and the place that any individual [got] in the lists depended greatly on how he comported himself in the public schools during his acts therein as he was incepting .

It differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates .
it differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any american college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information [got] today by most of our undergraduates .

Information , application forms , and assistance in filing may be obtained from the Office of Minerals Exploration , U.S. Department of the Interior , Washington 25 , D.C. , or from the appropriate regional office listed below .
information , application forms , and assistance in filing may be [got] from the office of minerals exploration , u.s. department of the interior , washington 25 , d.c. , or from the appropriate regional office listed below .

It embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles , who was to drive , when and where repairs were to be made , where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters .
it embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles , who was to drive , when and where repairs were to be made , where gasoline and automobile services were to be [got] and other allied matters .

This is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element .
this is used as a reference for comparing the ohmic heating and the electrical energy [got] from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element .

Using Edgerton's method , the fast-closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires .
using edgerton's method , the fast-closing action is [got] from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires .

The opening action is obtained when a capacitor , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil .
the opening action is [got] when a capacitor , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil .

Such a group of thermometers was obtained and calibrated at the Aj .
such a group of thermometers was [got] and calibrated at the aj .

Determine the ratio of 50% to the average per capita income of the U. S. ( Divide 50 by the result obtained in item 2 above .
determine the ratio of 50% to the average per capita income of the u. s. ( divide 50 by the result [got] in item 2 above .

( Multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the result obtained for each State in item 1 above .
( multiply the result [got] in item 3 above by the result [got] for each state in item 1 above .

In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ;
in all other states it is the difference [got] by subtracting from 100 the result [got] in item 4 above ; ;

( Multiply result obtained in item 7 above , by result obtained in item 6 above .
( multiply result [got] in item 7 above , by result [got] in item 6 above .

Determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above , for all the States .
determine the sum of the products [got] in item 8 above , for all the states .

( For each State , make all computations set forth in items 1 to 8 above , and then add the results obtained for each State in item 8 .
( for each state , make all computations set forth in items 1 to 8 above , and then add the results [got] for each state in item 8 .

( Divide the amount being allotted by the result obtained in item 9 above .
( divide the amount being allotted by the result [got] in item 9 above .

( Multiply the State product in item 8 above by the result obtained in item 10 above .
( multiply the state product in item 8 above by the result [got] in item 10 above .

Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment .
determine if the particular state's unadjusted allotment ( result [got] in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment .

Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment .
determine if the particular state's unadjusted allotment ( result [got] in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment .

( Multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the amount used for each State in item 1 above .
( multiply the result [got] in item 3 above by the amount used for each state in item 1 above .

In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ;
in all other states it is the difference [got] by subtracting from 100 the result [got] in item 4 above ; ;

More detailed instructions may be obtained from your local building supply houses and craftsmen .
more detailed instructions may be [got] from your local building supply houses and craftsmen .

On motion of the Amici Curiae , the court directed that a ruling be obtained from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue as to the federal income tax consequences of the Government's plan .
on motion of the amici curiae , the court directed that a ruling be [got] from the commissioner of internal revenue as to the federal income tax consequences of the government's plan .

This form may be obtained from the local office of your district director .
this form may be [got] from the local office of your district director .

Generally , the refund may be obtained by filing Form 1040A accompanied by the withholding statement ( Form W-2 ) .
generally , the refund may be [got] by filing form 1040a accompanied by the withholding statement ( form w-2 ) .

Measurements at 3.15 cm were obtained on 11 days spread over the interval May 3 to June 19 , 1956 , using the 50-foot reflector at the U. S. Naval Research Laboratory in Washington .
measurements at 3.15 cm were [got] on 11 days spread over the interval may 3 to june 19 , 1956 , using the 50-foot reflector at the u. s. naval research laboratory in washington .

By the use of various weights , data for a force-rate of shear graph can be obtained .
by the use of various weights , data for a force-rate of shear graph can be [got] .

It is presumed that this negative head was associated with some geometric factor of the assembly , since different readings were obtained with the same fluid and the only apparent difference was the assembly and disassembly of the apparatus .
it is presumed that this negative head was associated with some geometric factor of the assembly , since different readings were [got] with the same fluid and the only apparent difference was the assembly and disassembly of the apparatus .

If the volume is the molal volume , then Af is obtained on a molal basis which is the customary terminology of the chemists .
if the volume is the molal volume , then af is [got] on a molal basis which is the customary terminology of the chemists .

The concept of the strain energy as a Gibbs function difference Af and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear .
the concept of the strain energy as a gibbs function difference af and exerting a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information [got] from optical birefringence studies of fluids undergoing shear .

Since Af is ferromagnetic , we felt that any results obtained from the magnetically contaminated Af would be suspect .
since af is ferromagnetic , we felt that any results [got] from the magnetically contaminated af would be suspect .

An infrared spectrum , obtained by H. A. Benesi and R. G. Snyder of this laboratory , showed bands in the positions found by Jones .
an infrared spectrum , [got] by h. a. benesi and r. g. snyder of this laboratory , showed bands in the positions found by jones .

One measurement at 40 Mc/sec was obtained with the Varian model Af unit .
one measurement at 40 mc/sec was [got] with the varian model af unit .

Background spectra were obtained in all cases .
background spectra were [got] in all cases .

A single measurement of the spin - spin relaxation time Af was obtained at 10 Mc/sec by pulse methods .
a single measurement of the spin - spin relaxation time af was [got] at 10 mc/sec by pulse methods .

This measurement was obtained by W. Blumberg of the University of California , Berkeley , by observing the breadth of the free induction decay signal .
this measurement was [got] by w. blumberg of the university of california , berkeley , by observing the breadth of the free induction decay signal .

Spectra were obtained over the temperature range of 77 - 294-degrees-K .
spectra were [got] over the temperature range of 77 - 294-degrees-k .

Spectra were obtained from a powdered sample having the shape of a right circular cylinder with a height-to-diameter ratio of 4 : :
spectra were [got] from a powdered sample having the shape of a right circular cylinder with a height-to-diameter ratio of 4 : :

Spectra were also obtained from a sample in a spherical container which was made by blowing a bubble on the end of a capillary glass tube .
spectra were also [got] from a sample in a spherical container which was made by blowing a bubble on the end of a capillary glass tube .

Spectra were also obtained from a third sample of Af which had been diluted to three times its original volume with powdered , anhydrous alundum ( Af ) .
spectra were also [got] from a third sample of af which had been diluted to three times its original volume with powdered , anhydrous alundum ( af ) .

In this way , numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the reflectance ( whiteness ) of the cloth swatches before and after washing .
in this way , numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be [got] by measuring the reflectance ( whiteness ) of the cloth swatches before and after washing .

To prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing Af obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory .
to prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing af [got] from the oak ridge national laboratory .

Even in the neighborhood of the Earth , where information has been obtained both directly and indirectly , the derived flux values vary by at least four orders of magnitude .
even in the neighborhood of the earth , where information has been [got] both directly and indirectly , the derived flux values vary by at least four orders of magnitude .

Direct information has been obtained from rockets and satellites equipped with impact sensors .
direct information has been [got] from rockets and satellites equipped with impact sensors .

In addition , the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain .
in addition , the size distribution [got] from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain .

The direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the Earth is obtained from piezoelectric sensors ( essentially microphones ) and from wire gages ; ;
the direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the earth is [got] from piezoelectric sensors ( essentially microphones ) and from wire gages ; ;

If one assumes that the average flux did not change between measurements , a mass-distribution curve is obtained which relates the flux of particles larger than a given radius to the inverse 7/2 power of the radius .
if one assumes that the average flux did not change between measurements , a mass-distribution curve is [got] which relates the flux of particles larger than a given radius to the inverse 7/2 power of the radius .

A measure of the total mass accretion of meteoritic material by the Earth is obtained from analyses of deep-sea sediments and dust collected in remote regions ( Pettersson , 1960 ) .
a measure of the total mass accretion of meteoritic material by the earth is [got] from analyses of deep-sea sediments and dust collected in remote regions ( pettersson , 1960 ) .

Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial .
figure 1 describes the results [got] in this trial .

Serum samples were obtained from normal group A , group B and group O donors .
serum samples were [got] from normal group a , group b and group o donors .

In addition one serum was obtained from a donor ( R. E. ) who had been sensitized 6 years previously .
in addition one serum was [got] from a donor ( r. e. ) who had been sensitized 6 years previously .

however , in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous Af and homozygous Af cells will be presented here .
however , in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results [got] with homozygous af and homozygous af cells will be presented here .

The deep concave gradient employed ( fig. 2 ) was obtained with a nine-chambered gradient elution device ( `` Varigrad '' , reference ( 8 ) ) and has been described elsewhere .
the deep concave gradient employed ( fig. 2 ) was [got] with a nine-chambered gradient elution device ( `` varigrad '' , reference ( 8 ) ) and has been described elsewhere .

Approximately 165 fractions were obtained from each column .
approximately 165 fractions were [got] from each column .

The most active preparations obtained by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in potency , composition and physical properties .
the most active preparations [got] by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in potency , composition and physical properties .

For the most part , this discussion will be confined to results obtained since the introduction of the reference standard .
for the most part , this discussion will be confined to results [got] since the introduction of the reference standard .

If the vertex is at Af , and if the interior of C is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating C clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertex .
if the vertex is at af , and if the interior of c is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such corner can be found from the curve [got] by rotating c clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertex .

But Af is just the curve Af translated without rotation through a small arc , for Af is always obtained by rotating C through exactly 90-degrees .
but af is just the curve af translated without rotation through a small arc , for af is always [got] by rotating c through exactly 90-degrees .

Averages of the ratios obtained in a few selected areas were applied to the larger population .
averages of the ratios [got] in a few selected areas were applied to the larger population .

Here again it seems that useful approximations of the size and geographical distribution of the population were obtained in this way in the late pre-war and early post-war periods .
here again it seems that useful approximations of the size and geographical distribution of the population were [got] in this way in the late pre-war and early post-war periods .

Data were obtained , separately , on three classes of persons : ( A ) residents , present ; ;
data were [got] , separately , on three classes of persons : ( a ) residents , present ; ;

These changes represent , in effect , a shift from ( 1 ) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling census of the whole African population .
these changes represent , in effect , a shift from ( 1 ) an administrative compilation of data [got] through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling census of the whole african population .

In their own words , it had aided them to get a clearer picture of how they had gotten into their marriages , and perhaps they had obtained some insights on why certain troubles appeared from time to time .
in their own words , it had aided them to get a clearer picture of how they had gotten into their marriages , and perhaps they had [got] some insights on why certain troubles appeared from time to time .

For purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third-grade population in each school system .
for purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we [got] group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third-grade population in each school system .

However , if Federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment .
however , if federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be [got] elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment .

Fragment A has been obtained in crystalline form as a dioxalate salt and free base .
fragment a has been [got] in crystalline form as a dioxalate salt and free base .

By applying this general principle , a great number of complex compounds of osmium , ruthenium , iridium , and rhenium , with triphenylphosphine , triphenylarsine , and triphenylstibine have been obtained in this laboratory during the past few years .
by applying this general principle , a great number of complex compounds of osmium , ruthenium , iridium , and rhenium , with triphenylphosphine , triphenylarsine , and triphenylstibine have been [got] in this laboratory during the past few years .

In that year a grant was obtained from the Penrose Fund of the Geological Society of America to finance additional full-time workers .
in that year a grant was [got] from the penrose fund of the geological society of america to finance additional full-time workers .

) An authentic diffraction pattern is always obtained and optical properties are frequently checked .
) an authentic diffraction pattern is always [got] and optical properties are frequently checked .

For irradiation of food , the results obtained depend upon the dose rather than the specific type of radiation , and X-ray , gamma , and high-energy electron radiation are suitable .
for irradiation of food , the results [got] depend upon the dose rather than the specific type of radiation , and x-ray , gamma , and high-energy electron radiation are suitable .

A sufficiently good approximation for determining the end reflection losses R can be obtained from the angle independent Fresnel formula : Af .
a sufficiently good approximation for determining the end reflection losses r can be [got] from the angle independent fresnel formula : af .

The following efficiencies obtained from JEDEC and RCA specifications were used : Af
the following efficiencies [got] from jedec and rca specifications were used : af

When the policy has been chosen , the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation ( 1 ) ; ;
when the policy has been chosen , the state of the product can be [got] from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation ( 1 ) ; ;

The leveling process can be accomplished manually , and the results are as satisfactory as those obtained with automatic equipment .
the leveling process can be accomplished manually , and the results are as satisfactory as those [got] with automatic equipment .

Wiltshire Social Services want to know how the Mail on Sunday obtained confidential information about the 14-year-old for a story it ran at the weekend .
wiltshire social services want to know how the mail on sunday [got] confidential information about the 14-year-old for a story it ran at the weekend .

Wiltshire Social Services want to know how the Mail on Sunday obtained confidential information about the 14-year-old for a story it ran at the weekend .
wiltshire social services want to know how the mail on sunday [got] confidential information about the 14-year-old for a story it ran at the weekend .

But now her husband has tracked her down and obtained a High Court order for the return of his children to America .
but now her husband has tracked her down and [got] a high court order for the return of his children to america .

The organisers have obtained a licence for three more events at the same venue .
the organisers have [got] a licence for three more events at the same venue .

Two councils have obtained high court injunctions in an attempt to stop an illegal rave party going ahead .
two councils have [got] high court injunctions in an attempt to stop an illegal rave party going ahead .

Becky Blandford , who married the heir to the Blenheim Palace estate in 1990 , obtained injunctions restraining him from violence , from coming to her home and from removing their son , George .
becky blandford , who married the heir to the blenheim palace estate in 1990 , [got] injunctions restraining him from violence , from coming to her home and from removing their son , george .

Becky Blandford , who married the heir to the Blenheim Palace estate in 1990 , obtained injunctions restraining him from violence , from coming to her home and from removing their son , George .
becky blandford , who married the heir to the blenheim palace estate in 1990 , [got] injunctions restraining him from violence , from coming to her home and from removing their son , george .

It is easily obtained .
it is easily [got] .

Provisional statistics obtained by The Scotsman from six of Scotland 's eight main police forces reveal worrying jumps in the numbers of murders , attempted murders , serious assaults , and robberies being committed across the country .
provisional statistics [got] by the scotsman from six of scotland 's eight main police forces reveal worrying jumps in the numbers of murders , attempted murders , serious assaults , and robberies being committed across the country .

Before sending the jury out yesterday , Mr Justice Turner told them that to convict they must be sure an ordinary person would have regarded the means by which Ward obtained the cash as dishonest .
before sending the jury out yesterday , mr justice turner told them that to convict they must be sure an ordinary person would have regarded the means by which ward [got] the cash as dishonest .

As well as the writs issued against the two men , 12 writs were obtained by the army 's solicitors , Slaughter & May — mostly to gain access to confidential documents or accounts where funds are thought to be held .
as well as the writs issued against the two men , 12 writs were [got] by the army 's solicitors , slaughter & may — mostly to gain access to confidential documents or accounts where funds are thought to be held .

He challenged the validity of a search warrant which had been obtained from a sheriff , alleging that statements by inquiry officers about a flickering light being seen at a bedroom window were a blatant and malicious fabrication .
he challenged the validity of a search warrant which had been [got] from a sheriff , alleging that statements by inquiry officers about a flickering light being seen at a bedroom window were a blatant and malicious fabrication .

Lord Ross declared that the warrant had been obtained on inadequate information and the court awarded expenses to Mr Guest .
lord ross declared that the warrant had been [got] on inadequate information and the court awarded expenses to mr guest .

He said he obtained the grenades from a friend who had deserted from the war in Armenia , adding that he had no military background and was not quite sure how grenades worked .
he said he [got] the grenades from a friend who had deserted from the war in armenia , adding that he had no military background and was not quite sure how grenades worked .

Labour Scottish affairs spokesman , Henry McLeish , who obtained the document , said it was clear that it was political will which would determine whether the Highlands and Islands are successful .
labour scottish affairs spokesman , henry mcleish , who [got] the document , said it was clear that it was political will which would determine whether the highlands and islands are successful .

complete exoneration of my older children and myself , from the taint of accusation of abuse , whether from the ‘ Chinese whispers ’ of social workers , or by dint of allegations obtained , parrot-fashion , from my children , by the heavy-handed verbal duress of the Royal Scottish Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Children , and police interviewers ; and
complete exoneration of my older children and myself , from the taint of accusation of abuse , whether from the ‘ chinese whispers ’ of social workers , or by dint of allegations [got] , parrot-fashion , from my children , by the heavy-handed verbal duress of the royal scottish society for prevention of cruelty to children , and police interviewers ; and

These patients are invited to attend the coronary heart risk clinic already in existence at the surgery and after a simple blood test , an exact cholesterol reading is obtained .
these patients are invited to attend the coronary heart risk clinic already in existence at the surgery and after a simple blood test , an exact cholesterol reading is [got] .

Contractors and skip firms should not deliver skips to customers unless the customer ( whose responsibility it is ) has obtained a permit from the roads department .
contractors and skip firms should not deliver skips to customers unless the customer ( whose responsibility it is ) has [got] a permit from the roads department .

The building society obtained a mortgage valuation survey from the reclaimers valuing the property at £38,000 and making a nil estimate of essential repairs to be carried out .
the building society [got] a mortgage valuation survey from the reclaimers valuing the property at £38,000 and making a nil estimate of essential repairs to be carried out .

Cumulative points obtained at any of the named national shows will automatically be added to any won at the ‘ National ’ events — the Royal Show , Royal Welsh , Royal Highland and the European Dairy Farming Event — to determine the National Premier Breeder Award .
cumulative points [got] at any of the named national shows will automatically be added to any won at the ‘ national ’ events — the royal show , royal welsh , royal highland and the european dairy farming event — to determine the national premier breeder award .

Three recombinant viruses , designated AcBT-6/NS1/7 , AcBT-2/6/NS1/7 and AcBT-3/2/7/5 were obtained from their respective vectors .
three recombinant viruses , designated acbt-6/ns1/7 , acbt-2/6/ns1/7 and acbt-3/2/7/5 were [got] from their respective vectors .

Dr Brauer , an Independent councillor obtained a surgery for Byers Green .
dr brauer , an independent councillor [got] a surgery for byers green .

Chris Walton , prosecuting , said two women had gone to two branches of Boots in Darlington and using a stolen cheque book , obtained £40 worth of gift vouchers .
chris walton , prosecuting , said two women had gone to two branches of boots in darlington and using a stolen cheque book , [got] £40 worth of gift vouchers .

Human metaphase chromosome spreads were obtained from PHA-stimulated normal lymphocytes using standard procedures ( 28 ) .
human metaphase chromosome spreads were [got] from pha-stimulated normal lymphocytes using standard procedures ( 28 ) .

The company has already obtained an interim interdict at the Court of Session banning the inciting or organising of mass picketing .
the company has already [got] an interim interdict at the court of session banning the inciting or organising of mass picketing .

Murray gave him petrol money and a bundle of £20 notes amounting to several hundred pounds and Mr Taylor drove to Carlisle and then Liverpool , where he obtained two balls containing powder .
murray gave him petrol money and a bundle of £20 notes amounting to several hundred pounds and mr taylor drove to carlisle and then liverpool , where he [got] two balls containing powder .

According to the charge , they sold almost two million shares on behalf of clients at prices which realised £1,378,892 in excess of what would have been obtained had the shares been sold after the issuing of the profits warning .
according to the charge , they sold almost two million shares on behalf of clients at prices which realised £1,378,892 in excess of what would have been [got] had the shares been sold after the issuing of the profits warning .

Any candidate who has obtained more than 12.5 per cent of the registered vote ( around 18 per cent of the actual vote cast ) is eligible to participate in next Sunday 's run-off .
any candidate who has [got] more than 12.5 per cent of the registered vote ( around 18 per cent of the actual vote cast ) is eligible to participate in next sunday 's run-off .

They are said to have sold almost two million shares on behalf of clients at prices which realised £1,378,892 in excess of what would have been obtained had the shares been sold after the warning .
they are said to have sold almost two million shares on behalf of clients at prices which realised £1,378,892 in excess of what would have been [got] had the shares been sold after the warning .

The two main Green parties , the Verts and Generation Ecologie , obtained less than 8 per cent of the vote in Sunday 's first round .
the two main green parties , the verts and generation ecologie , [got] less than 8 per cent of the vote in sunday 's first round .

Their dealings for clients at premium prices realised £1,378,892 more than would have been obtained if the shares had been sold later .
their dealings for clients at premium prices realised £1,378,892 more than would have been [got] if the shares had been sold later .

‘ At least eight companies in the north-east of Scotland , employing about 1,000 people in total , are very heavily dependant on the type of fish obtained from the Arctic and future viability will be doubtful without these supplies . ’
‘ at least eight companies in the north-east of scotland , employing about 1,000 people in total , are very heavily dependant on the type of fish [got] from the arctic and future viability will be doubtful without these supplies . ’

Prospectus and application form can be obtained by phoning 0462 456220 .
prospectus and application form can be [got] by phoning 0462 456220 .

This is probably not the time , but the Opposition is already asking the question which economic historians will seek to answer — what did we do with all the money obtained from petroleum revenue tax and privatisation sales , and was it well-used ?
this is probably not the time , but the opposition is already asking the question which economic historians will seek to answer — what did we do with all the money [got] from petroleum revenue tax and privatisation sales , and was it well-used ?

Payne , who had forfeited a winning chance in Valencia the previous week by taking 78 in the third round , was not going to let another chance slip by , and comfortably obtained his 4 to collect a £50,000 prize .
payne , who had forfeited a winning chance in valencia the previous week by taking 78 in the third round , was not going to let another chance slip by , and comfortably [got] his 4 to collect a £50,000 prize .

The Scotsman has obtained a copy of the mandate given to Mr Ford by the charity 's business administration secretary , Lt-Col Ivor Rich .
the scotsman has [got] a copy of the mandate given to mr ford by the charity 's business administration secretary , lt-col ivor rich .

Two further Ea transgenic mice ( Ea-16 and We32-25 ) were obtained from Drs .
two further ea transgenic mice ( ea-16 and we32-25 ) were [got] from drs .

The Ea expression level obtained with the Long construct mice approaches the actual ratio of that seen in BALB/c mice of one times the expression level per genomic copy of the Ea d gene .
the ea expression level [got] with the long construct mice approaches the actual ratio of that seen in balb/c mice of one times the expression level per genomic copy of the ea d gene .

The Northern has obtained a confidential report written by the authority 's director of estates Graham Oak .
the northern has [got] a confidential report written by the authority 's director of estates graham oak .

The Polam School sixth-former has obtained a rare unconditional entry to Lady Margaret Hall to read modern history .
the polam school sixth-former has [got] a rare unconditional entry to lady margaret hall to read modern history .

The company had obtained the approval of the Ministry for an Agricultural Licence of up to three years .
the company had [got] the approval of the ministry for an agricultural licence of up to three years .

Mr Alan Milburn said he had obtained a copy of The Waiting a secret document giving details of queues for each different consultant .
mr alan milburn said he had [got] a copy of the waiting a secret document giving details of queues for each different consultant .

The drug companies are also investigating the possibility of using needles and twigs , obtained harmlessly during routine clipping , from other ornamental yew species .
the drug companies are also investigating the possibility of using needles and twigs , [got] harmlessly during routine clipping , from other ornamental yew species .

Article 6 reinforces the legal rights on equal pay obtained by women in this country , in 1970 .
article 6 reinforces the legal rights on equal pay [got] by women in this country , in 1970 .

Additionally , these long leases can be assigned , which means that if the lessee wishes to sell the business after two years or more , then often a considerable lump sum premium can be obtained which reflects the lessee 's investment and related goodwill .
additionally , these long leases can be assigned , which means that if the lessee wishes to sell the business after two years or more , then often a considerable lump sum premium can be [got] which reflects the lessee 's investment and related goodwill .

To offset the loss of clothing space , the store is introducing an ordering service , by which items seen at any other branch may be obtained within days .
to offset the loss of clothing space , the store is introducing an ordering service , by which items seen at any other branch may be [got] within days .

There can be problems , women may have to work harder to maintain a standard of living , but support normally offered by the father can be obtained , says Deborah , 23 , from family and friends .
there can be problems , women may have to work harder to maintain a standard of living , but support normally offered by the father can be [got] , says deborah , 23 , from family and friends .

The lawyer said the bombing was planned at Garland 's house the day before and McMullan and McCrory obtained the device on the morning of the attack .
the lawyer said the bombing was planned at garland 's house the day before and mcmullan and mccrory [got] the device on the morning of the attack .

Magistrate Paul Copeland was told the drugs were obtained from a man at Kelly 's nightclub in Portrush .
magistrate paul copeland was told the drugs were [got] from a man at kelly 's nightclub in portrush .

In 1975 , 22,000 obtained Engineering Training Board Basic Training Certification .
in 1975 , 22,000 [got] engineering training board basic training certification .

Application forms for the audition may be obtained from the office from mid-February .
application forms for the audition may be [got] from the office from mid-february .

Professor Chew attended the graduation of his niece at Stirling some years ago when she obtained a degree in Management Science — and from all accounts they are both Stirling enthusiasts .
professor chew attended the graduation of his niece at stirling some years ago when she [got] a degree in management science — and from all accounts they are both stirling enthusiasts .

Copies of the enclosed hand-out can be obtained from the office by those teachers who think it would be useful .
copies of the enclosed hand-out can be [got] from the office by those teachers who think it would be useful .

Dates and contacts for all other regions can be obtained from .
dates and contacts for all other regions can be [got] from .

Tickets may be obtained from the Office .
tickets may be [got] from the office .

Further tickets can be obtained from any Surrey teacher .
further tickets can be [got] from any surrey teacher .

Despite the time lost , he threw himself into his work and eventually , with a good brain and a determination to achieve , obtained qualification to become a surgeon in a children 's hospital .
despite the time lost , he threw himself into his work and eventually , with a good brain and a determination to achieve , [got] qualification to become a surgeon in a children 's hospital .

a frank response to sensitive questions may be obtained Against
a frank response to sensitive questions may be [got] against

‘ step-by-step ’ question responses can not be obtained because the respondent usually reads all the questions before starting
‘ step-by-step ’ question responses can not be [got] because the respondent usually reads all the questions before starting

Whatever the degree of response finally obtained it is good practice to investigate possible non-randomness and hence bias .
whatever the degree of response finally [got] it is good practice to investigate possible non-randomness and hence bias .

We shall not pursue this further except to remark that a subject 's consent to be part of an experiment is always obtained .
we shall not pursue this further except to remark that a subject 's consent to be part of an experiment is always [got] .

Let us suppose that the kth member of the population sequence is being considered for sample inclusion and that thus far in the sampling process , we have obtained n k of the n sample members that we require .
let us suppose that the kth member of the population sequence is being considered for sample inclusion and that thus far in the sampling process , we have [got] n k of the n sample members that we require .

It proposes to do this by taking a random sample of 200 households , obtained from a listing of all households in the district and then selecting at random one adult from each such household .
it proposes to do this by taking a random sample of 200 households , [got] from a listing of all households in the district and then selecting at random one adult from each such household .

CDs can be obtained in the primary market , for example by a company with excess funds .
cds can be [got] in the primary market , for example by a company with excess funds .

This is slightly less than would have been obtained on an ordinary fixed deposit for 90 days at 10 per cent . Such a deposit would give interest of :
this is slightly less than would have been [got] on an ordinary fixed deposit for 90 days at 10 per cent . such a deposit would give interest of :

The key market here is the interbank market , as described before the principal source of funds for clearing banks , and where additional funds are obtained .
the key market here is the interbank market , as described before the principal source of funds for clearing banks , and where additional funds are [got] .

The currency obtained when they buy can be used to sell .
the currency [got] when they buy can be used to sell .

Broadly speaking , workers obtained certain rights and material benefits .
broadly speaking , workers [got] certain rights and material benefits .

Money , obtained too easily , could finance disaster , her grandfather had warned her ; it must be used wisely when the time came .
money , [got] too easily , could finance disaster , her grandfather had warned her ; it must be used wisely when the time came .

Greg , relieved that the acid had n't been obtained locally , nevertheless was n't happy .
greg , relieved that the acid had n't been [got] locally , nevertheless was n't happy .

However , it could be obtained through local libraries if they are persuaded to stock this wonderful work of reference .
however , it could be [got] through local libraries if they are persuaded to stock this wonderful work of reference .

The bridge at Yeald Brow was only refurbished last year with money obtained through a derelict land grant .
the bridge at yeald brow was only refurbished last year with money [got] through a derelict land grant .

Griffiths admitted to police that the goods had been obtained by supplying false details to various mail order companies .
griffiths admitted to police that the goods had been [got] by supplying false details to various mail order companies .

He obtained the keys of a van and drove to see her and the twins were born later the same day .
he [got] the keys of a van and drove to see her and the twins were born later the same day .

‘ After a search warrant was obtained the defendant 's home was searched and pens and graffiti magazines were recovered from the house .
‘ after a search warrant was [got] the defendant 's home was searched and pens and graffiti magazines were recovered from the house .

Using past experience with a company he worked for at Tilbury , Essex , Mr Kerfoot obtained quotes for the hire of special railway wagons .
using past experience with a company he worked for at tilbury , essex , mr kerfoot [got] quotes for the hire of special railway wagons .

But eventually , at the Chancery Court in Newcastle , Langbaurgh Council obtained an injunction against his Sunday trading in the borough despite his plea that it was an infringement of his liberty .
but eventually , at the chancery court in newcastle , langbaurgh council [got] an injunction against his sunday trading in the borough despite his plea that it was an infringement of his liberty .

The Northern Echo has obtained copies of letters written by the Thornaby man , who is serving a life sentence for murder .
the northern echo has [got] copies of letters written by the thornaby man , who is serving a life sentence for murder .

The local authority in Cleveland had obtained an interim care order for the child from Middlesbrough magistrates who allowed the baby 's grandparents supervised access to her .
the local authority in cleveland had [got] an interim care order for the child from middlesbrough magistrates who allowed the baby 's grandparents supervised access to her .

They say they have obtained my name and address from an agency : clearly they have decided to market them in the North-East in a big way . ’
they say they have [got] my name and address from an agency : clearly they have decided to market them in the north-east in a big way . ’

The three have already obtained lorries and are looking for builders to donate materials .
the three have already [got] lorries and are looking for builders to donate materials .

Miss Sergeant , 26 , obtained an injunction to keep Redmond away from her and she moved out with their three children to stay with relatives , said Robert Atherton , prosecuting .
miss sergeant , 26 , [got] an injunction to keep redmond away from her and she moved out with their three children to stay with relatives , said robert atherton , prosecuting .

Further information about the range of courses on offer can be obtained from North Down College , but you 'll need to hurry because enrolment for vocational courses takes place today in Newtownards and tomorrow ( Thursday ) in Bangor from 6–8pm .
further information about the range of courses on offer can be [got] from north down college , but you 'll need to hurry because enrolment for vocational courses takes place today in newtownards and tomorrow ( thursday ) in bangor from 6–8pm .

In the letter obtained by the Belfast Telegraph , Mr Clinton sets out his policy towards Northern Ireland .
in the letter [got] by the belfast telegraph , mr clinton sets out his policy towards northern ireland .

His case was put off for a print-out about his driving licence to be obtained .
his case was put off for a print-out about his driving licence to be [got] .

Unless the tacit agreement of the Irish Government and both unionist and nationalist politicians was obtained , it could be another disaster .
unless the tacit agreement of the irish government and both unionist and nationalist politicians was [got] , it could be another disaster .

According to documents obtained in California on Thursday from the Department of Children 's Services , the young boy involved in the allegations told a social worker he and Jackson had a four-month relationship .
according to documents [got] in california on thursday from the department of children 's services , the young boy involved in the allegations told a social worker he and jackson had a four-month relationship .

We also obtained funds for investment in the business from the sale of supermarket property , borrowing and other creditors .
we also [got] funds for investment in the business from the sale of supermarket property , borrowing and other creditors .

On the other hand , it is worth noting that although the proportion of English-language material which had been obtained by purchase was small ( 4 % , as opposed to 93 % in the case of foreign-language material ) , because the number of items involved was substantially higher , in numerical terms these items — many of them probably North American publications — outnumbered non-English-language purchases by a factor of three to one .
on the other hand , it is worth noting that although the proportion of english-language material which had been [got] by purchase was small ( 4 % , as opposed to 93 % in the case of foreign-language material ) , because the number of items involved was substantially higher , in numerical terms these items — many of them probably north american publications — outnumbered non-english-language purchases by a factor of three to one .

Table 8 , below , details the results obtained , and shows that although monographs accounted for the majority of issues , the demand for serials and newspapers was substantial , with one serial or newspaper being issued for every three monographs .
table 8 , below , details the results [got] , and shows that although monographs accounted for the majority of issues , the demand for serials and newspapers was substantial , with one serial or newspaper being issued for every three monographs .

Table 15 , below , outlines the results obtained .
table 15 , below , outlines the results [got] .

Will the Government set standards to be imposed contractually , possibly linked to a Passenger 's Charter but where compensation is easily obtained to where consistently poor performance results in withdrawal of the contract ?
will the government set standards to be imposed contractually , possibly linked to a passenger 's charter but where compensation is easily [got] to where consistently poor performance results in withdrawal of the contract ?

The results obtained , particularly those relating to the origins of visitors , are , therefore , not to be seen as necessarily typical of the year as a whole , but as representative of the Exhibition Room 's busy summer period .
the results [got] , particularly those relating to the origins of visitors , are , therefore , not to be seen as necessarily typical of the year as a whole , but as representative of the exhibition room 's busy summer period .

The results obtained , outlined in Table 8 , below , show that , as was expected , the large Carlyle exhibition attracted the greatest number of visitors , while the smallest exhibition , that on Skinner , attracted substantially fewer .
the results [got] , outlined in table 8 , below , show that , as was expected , the large carlyle exhibition attracted the greatest number of visitors , while the smallest exhibition , that on skinner , attracted substantially fewer .

Although a notice at the entrance to the Room indicated that the Survey was being conducted , and invited visitors to co-operate by completing a questionnaire , a pilot survey in 1980 had shown that a satisfactory response rate could be obtained only if this was reinforced by a personal approach to visitors .
although a notice at the entrance to the room indicated that the survey was being conducted , and invited visitors to co-operate by completing a questionnaire , a pilot survey in 1980 had shown that a satisfactory response rate could be [got] only if this was reinforced by a personal approach to visitors .

Inspectors have obtained the records of 350,000 livestock sales to assist their investigations into suspect of secret bank accounts and undeclared cash transactions .
inspectors have [got] the records of 350,000 livestock sales to assist their investigations into suspect of secret bank accounts and undeclared cash transactions .

The cards at £2 for a pack of 10 and £1 for a calendar can be obtained from Gareth who lives at Pen-y-Berllan , Pentwyn Road , Deganwy ( telephone Deganwy 581983 ) .
the cards at £2 for a pack of 10 and £1 for a calendar can be [got] from gareth who lives at pen-y-berllan , pentwyn road , deganwy ( telephone deganwy 581983 ) .

Lawyers Hart Brown and Co , of Farnham , Surrey , obtained a ‘ prohibited steps ’ order for the girl from a judge at Guildford County Court .
lawyers hart brown and co , of farnham , surrey , [got] a ‘ prohibited steps ’ order for the girl from a judge at guildford county court .

The legal action began when lawyers Hart Brown and Co , of Farnham , Surrey , obtained a ‘ prohibited steps ’ order from a Guildford County Court judge .
the legal action began when lawyers hart brown and co , of farnham , surrey , [got] a ‘ prohibited steps ’ order from a guildford county court judge .

The case began when the girl 's lawyers obtained an order from a judge at Guildford County Court , which prevented the parents taking the girl from the boyfriend 's home .
the case began when the girl 's lawyers [got] an order from a judge at guildford county court , which prevented the parents taking the girl from the boyfriend 's home .

The case began when lawyers Hart , Brown and Co , of Farnham , Surrey , obtained an order from a judge at Guildford County Court which prevented the parents taking the girl from the boyfriend 's home .
the case began when lawyers hart , brown and co , of farnham , surrey , [got] an order from a judge at guildford county court which prevented the parents taking the girl from the boyfriend 's home .

In addition , at least a third of the staff should have obtained a food handlers certificate .
in addition , at least a third of the staff should have [got] a food handlers certificate .

Information , based on publicly available material , can be obtained from Name ; & phone number ; .
information , based on publicly available material , can be [got] from name ; & phone number ; .

The output reading obtained with the enlarged input is then correspondingly scaled down .
the output reading [got] with the enlarged input is then correspondingly scaled down .

The condition is conveniently expressed by where Taking the square root of both sides of equation ( 9.50 ) , the quadratic equation is obtained which has roots or , since only positive pulsatances have physical meaning Substituting for k from equation ( 9.48 ) , these pulsatances are and imposing condition ( 9.51 ) establishes that the pulsatance range corresponding to is In this range of pulsatance , the attenuation constant is zero , but from equation ( 9.15 ) there is a phase shift per section given by In the range which corresponds to pulsatances satisfying and , where and are the critical pulsatances defined in condition ( 9.52 ) , the phase shift is but there is attenuation characterised by an attenuation constant α where Perhaps surprisingly , condition ( 9.52 ) yields the simple relationship
the condition is conveniently expressed by where taking the square root of both sides of equation ( 9.50 ) , the quadratic equation is [got] which has roots or , since only positive pulsatances have physical meaning substituting for k from equation ( 9.48 ) , these pulsatances are and imposing condition ( 9.51 ) establishes that the pulsatance range corresponding to is in this range of pulsatance , the attenuation constant is zero , but from equation ( 9.15 ) there is a phase shift per section given by in the range which corresponds to pulsatances satisfying and , where and are the critical pulsatances defined in condition ( 9.52 ) , the phase shift is but there is attenuation characterised by an attenuation constant α where perhaps surprisingly , condition ( 9.52 ) yields the simple relationship

While the Z-parameters relevant to low-frequency operation may be obtained from static characteristics , they may be determined at any frequency by measuring certain small signals of the network under suitable open-circuit conditions .
while the z-parameters relevant to low-frequency operation may be [got] from static characteristics , they may be determined at any frequency by measuring certain small signals of the network under suitable open-circuit conditions .

Applying Kirchhoff 's voltage law to the input and output meshes gives Thus The results obtained for this particular network are illustrative of the fact that or in all passive networks .
applying kirchhoff 's voltage law to the input and output meshes gives thus the results [got] for this particular network are illustrative of the fact that or in all passive networks .

If a passive network is also symmetric , that is , if the same response is obtained with the output and input connections interchanged , also .
if a passive network is also symmetric , that is , if the same response is [got] with the output and input connections interchanged , also .

Recall that although either signal voltage gain or signal current gain can be obtained separately with a transformer , there is always attenuation of signal power through one .
recall that although either signal voltage gain or signal current gain can be [got] separately with a transformer , there is always attenuation of signal power through one .

The degree of rejection of so-called common-mode signals is indicated by the common-mode rejection ratio which is just the ratio of the output signals obtained when a given input signal is applied first to one input only and then to both .
the degree of rejection of so-called common-mode signals is indicated by the common-mode rejection ratio which is just the ratio of the output signals [got] when a given input signal is applied first to one input only and then to both .

But , for the inverting configuration , and so that equation ( 10.40 ) is again obtained .
but , for the inverting configuration , and so that equation ( 10.40 ) is again [got] .

Even when such a calculation is not followed through , the insight obtained from the Fourier series concept is often helpful .
even when such a calculation is not followed through , the insight [got] from the fourier series concept is often helpful .

Expressions for the amplitudes a n and b n of the harmonic components of any Fourier series are obtained by multiplying both sides of equation ( 11.1 ) by or and integrating over a complete period .
expressions for the amplitudes a n and b n of the harmonic components of any fourier series are [got] by multiplying both sides of equation ( 11.1 ) by or and integrating over a complete period .

Expressing the operation of inverse Laplace transformation by , particularly useful results are where the first three represent the inverse forms of equations ( 11.27 ) , ( 11.28 ) and ( 11.29 ) obtained in the previous section .
expressing the operation of inverse laplace transformation by , particularly useful results are where the first three represent the inverse forms of equations ( 11.27 ) , ( 11.28 ) and ( 11.29 ) [got] in the previous section .

In fact , Laplace transformation of an entire equation that has been obtained by invoking one of Kirchhoff 's laws converts it from integro-differential form into algebraic form .
in fact , laplace transformation of an entire equation that has been [got] by invoking one of kirchhoff 's laws converts it from integro-differential form into algebraic form .

Consequently , in accordance with equation ( 11.38 ) , which agrees with the expression for current obtained from the earlier equation ( 4.47 ) .
consequently , in accordance with equation ( 11.38 ) , which agrees with the expression for current [got] from the earlier equation ( 4.47 ) .

Consequently in accordance with equation ( 4.49 ) obtained before .
consequently in accordance with equation ( 4.49 ) [got] before .

Having obtained the appropriate transfer function , the next step is to appreciate that first-order response is provided by a filter incorporating just one reactive component .
having [got] the appropriate transfer function , the next step is to appreciate that first-order response is provided by a filter incorporating just one reactive component .

To create a Chebyshev filter , equation ( 12.22 ) shows that the poles of must be arranged to satisfy Making the helpful substitution so that the required condition ( 12.27 ) becomes or on equating real and imaginary parts Since can not be zero , and and it follows that the poles of are given by equation ( 12.28 ) subject to the two conditions where p is any integer ( positive or negative ) including zero , and Of course , the poles can also be obtained through similar substitution for rather than .
to create a chebyshev filter , equation ( 12.22 ) shows that the poles of must be arranged to satisfy making the helpful substitution so that the required condition ( 12.27 ) becomes or on equating real and imaginary parts since can not be zero , and and it follows that the poles of are given by equation ( 12.28 ) subject to the two conditions where p is any integer ( positive or negative ) including zero , and of course , the poles can also be [got] through similar substitution for rather than .

Having obtained the poles of , the relevant physical transfer function is deduced by rejecting poles in the positive half of the s-plane and a network is synthesised so as to generate that transfer function .
having [got] the poles of , the relevant physical transfer function is deduced by rejecting poles in the positive half of the s-plane and a network is synthesised so as to generate that transfer function .

Hence in agreement with equation ( 12.31 ) obtained before .
hence in agreement with equation ( 12.31 ) [got] before .

So information obtained in the pursuit of welfare , with which a parent may wish to co-operate , may be used in the context of justice , where a parent may wish to dispute the facts and their interpretation .
so information [got] in the pursuit of welfare , with which a parent may wish to co-operate , may be used in the context of justice , where a parent may wish to dispute the facts and their interpretation .

Having obtained the names of potential customers , the salesperson , if appropriate , can ask his customer if he may use his name as a reference .
having [got] the names of potential customers , the salesperson , if appropriate , can ask his customer if he may use his name as a reference .

Benefits should be analysed at two levels : those benefits which can be obtained by purchase of a particular type of product ; and those that can be obtained by purchasing that product from a particular supplier .
benefits should be analysed at two levels : those benefits which can be [got] by purchase of a particular type of product ; and those that can be [got] by purchasing that product from a particular supplier .

In case of doubt , the prior permission of the employer , or his responsible manager should be obtained .
in case of doubt , the prior permission of the employer , or his responsible manager should be [got] .

Initial contacts with potential customers with a view to a follow-up sales call . Such contacts can be obtained from trade directories , visitors to an exhibition stand , members of a particular group ( e.g. professional body or attendees at a conference ) ;
initial contacts with potential customers with a view to a follow-up sales call . such contacts can be [got] from trade directories , visitors to an exhibition stand , members of a particular group ( e.g. professional body or attendees at a conference ) ;

Such leads are usually obtained through responses from advertisements placed in the press .
such leads are usually [got] through responses from advertisements placed in the press .

According to former Great Britain and Ireland Walker Cup player Paul McGinley , who obtained his European Tour Card last year , it does n't just come down to how much natural ability a player has .
according to former great britain and ireland walker cup player paul mcginley , who [got] his european tour card last year , it does n't just come down to how much natural ability a player has .

If the fish are obtained from the same area the chances are that they all came from the same parents .
if the fish are [got] from the same area the chances are that they all came from the same parents .

Shore crabs may predominate in the catch in estuaries and harbours , and sometimes better results can be obtained after dark .
shore crabs may predominate in the catch in estuaries and harbours , and sometimes better results can be [got] after dark .

Once you have obtained the correct parts check to see whether the mounting screw holes line up with the old holes .
once you have [got] the correct parts check to see whether the mounting screw holes line up with the old holes .

Although simple , the circuit is capable of giving far higher fidelity than many standard power amplifiers on the market and substantially better than would be obtained from the headphone socket of a standard power amp .
although simple , the circuit is capable of giving far higher fidelity than many standard power amplifiers on the market and substantially better than would be [got] from the headphone socket of a standard power amp .

Before describing the circuit in detail it will be as well to review the basic design concepts and explain just how this level of performance can be obtained .
before describing the circuit in detail it will be as well to review the basic design concepts and explain just how this level of performance can be [got] .

This can easily be obtained with small signal transistors in the output stage .
this can easily be [got] with small signal transistors in the output stage .

This will usually have sufficient sensitivity to provide ample volume from the 20 to 100mV output signal obtained from the a.m. tuner .
this will usually have sufficient sensitivity to provide ample volume from the 20 to 100mv output signal [got] from the a.m. tuner .

When the paper is viewed on the light box , a see-through view is obtained so that it is possible to see the rough copper track layout , like an X-Ray , in relation to the components .
when the paper is viewed on the light box , a see-through view is [got] so that it is possible to see the rough copper track layout , like an x-ray , in relation to the components .

This circuit is not designed to produce precise daily timings and maximum repeat accuracy will only be obtained if the temperature of the unit is kept reasonably constant .
this circuit is not designed to produce precise daily timings and maximum repeat accuracy will only be [got] if the temperature of the unit is kept reasonably constant .

If when the main code is read in it becomes scrambled , this will prevent the right checksum value from being obtained , even if only one binary digit has been affected .
if when the main code is read in it becomes scrambled , this will prevent the right checksum value from being [got] , even if only one binary digit has been affected .

This can still be done , old components can still be obtained and it is often possible to restore 50/60 year old , or even older , wireless sets to their former glory .
this can still be done , old components can still be [got] and it is often possible to restore 50/60 year old , or even older , wireless sets to their former glory .

The diet industry ( via the media ) sells the myth that a new body shape can be obtained as easily as a new haircut , provided you can afford their products and endure prolonged starvation .
the diet industry ( via the media ) sells the myth that a new body shape can be [got] as easily as a new haircut , provided you can afford their products and endure prolonged starvation .

The following month , a new version of Halsbury 's bill was introduced with government backing , obtained by MPs Jill Knight , a sponsor of the Conservative Family Campaign , and David Wilshire , also part of the increasingly influential Christian right-wing .
the following month , a new version of halsbury 's bill was introduced with government backing , [got] by mps jill knight , a sponsor of the conservative family campaign , and david wilshire , also part of the increasingly influential christian right-wing .

When consecrated ground is used for anything other than worship ( and similar things ) , formal permission — a ‘ faculty ’ — should be obtained , according to ecclesiastical law .
when consecrated ground is used for anything other than worship ( and similar things ) , formal permission — a ‘ faculty ’ — should be [got] , according to ecclesiastical law .

The speechreader has obtained accurate information through ‘ yes ’ and ‘ no ’ answers to specific questions .
the speechreader has [got] accurate information through ‘ yes ’ and ‘ no ’ answers to specific questions .

Every nutrient that is required for energy , growth , repair , health , breeding and normal species behaviour can only be obtained from a diet that is balanced ; and there are many examples of things that go wrong when even traces of certain minerals are deficient in the diet .
every nutrient that is required for energy , growth , repair , health , breeding and normal species behaviour can only be [got] from a diet that is balanced ; and there are many examples of things that go wrong when even traces of certain minerals are deficient in the diet .

Further information and a copy of the booklet can be obtained from the Norwich Union .
further information and a copy of the booklet can be [got] from the norwich union .

With signals of about this level a signal to noise ratio of 70dB to 80dB should be obtained .
with signals of about this level a signal to noise ratio of 70db to 80db should be [got] .

In practice the voltage obtained will be less than expected , since diodes ( especially silicon ones ) cause a voltage drop .
in practice the voltage [got] will be less than expected , since diodes ( especially silicon ones ) cause a voltage drop .

If any strange readings are obtained around either i.c. check the board carefully for dry solder joints ( i.e. joints not making correct contact ) , or solder bridges across adjacent tracks , or hairline cracks in a copper strip .
if any strange readings are [got] around either i.c. check the board carefully for dry solder joints ( i.e. joints not making correct contact ) , or solder bridges across adjacent tracks , or hairline cracks in a copper strip .

Clear results are obtained providing the distance between the two stations is not too great .
clear results are [got] providing the distance between the two stations is not too great .

However , good results were obtained in the prototype circuit without any special precautions .
however , good results were [got] in the prototype circuit without any special precautions .

My personal preference is for valve amps as the sound obtained is generally warmer , but the transistor amps offer a better power/weight ratio , not to mention the cost factor !
my personal preference is for valve amps as the sound [got] is generally warmer , but the transistor amps offer a better power/weight ratio , not to mention the cost factor !

Dietary fibre is a substance obtained from plant foods , as distinct from animal foods .
dietary fibre is a substance [got] from plant foods , as distinct from animal foods .

There are , however , other important reasons why your dietary fibre should be obtained from fruit and vegetables as well as cereals .
there are , however , other important reasons why your dietary fibre should be [got] from fruit and vegetables as well as cereals .

Third World communities who remain free of our degenerative diseases have been found to live on diets which contain a much higher percentage of carbohydrate than ours — carbohydrate obtained from cereals which have not been stripped of their dietary fibre , fibre-rich vegetables ( potatoes and other root vegetables ) , legumes and fruits .
third world communities who remain free of our degenerative diseases have been found to live on diets which contain a much higher percentage of carbohydrate than ours — carbohydrate [got] from cereals which have not been stripped of their dietary fibre , fibre-rich vegetables ( potatoes and other root vegetables ) , legumes and fruits .

Reverse osmosis units for freshwater fish are all very well , but many fishkeepers who use them are forced to mix the water obtained with raw tapwater before adding it to the tank , simply because they can not afford the expense of a separate carbon filter .
reverse osmosis units for freshwater fish are all very well , but many fishkeepers who use them are forced to mix the water [got] with raw tapwater before adding it to the tank , simply because they can not afford the expense of a separate carbon filter .

In the 1950s the National Coal Board sank a large number of deep exploratory boreholes and Survey staff examined most of the cores obtained .
in the 1950s the national coal board sank a large number of deep exploratory boreholes and survey staff examined most of the cores [got] .

The doctors in these countries claim that their results are as good as those obtained by giving just one remedy at a time .
the doctors in these countries claim that their results are as good as those [got] by giving just one remedy at a time .

It is therefore important to keep the law of the directions of cure in mind if a thorough and lasting improvement is to be obtained .
it is therefore important to keep the law of the directions of cure in mind if a thorough and lasting improvement is to be [got] .

With our largely sedentary life-styles , however , the amount of fresh air and exercise obtained by most of us is sadly limited .
with our largely sedentary life-styles , however , the amount of fresh air and exercise [got] by most of us is sadly limited .

The liquids obtained by both these methods of preparation are then diluted with an equal volume of brandy , which acts as a preservative .
the liquids [got] by both these methods of preparation are then diluted with an equal volume of brandy , which acts as a preservative .

Treatment at these emotional and mental levels can of course also be obtained using homoeopathy and/or Bach remedies .
treatment at these emotional and mental levels can of course also be [got] using homoeopathy and/or bach remedies .

All would appear to have their validity and their uses , and as all are concerned with either removing environmental factors or strengthening the patient 's inner state , they are not in conflict and can be combined satisfactorily , often with speedier and more long-lasting results than could be obtained using only one therapy .
all would appear to have their validity and their uses , and as all are concerned with either removing environmental factors or strengthening the patient 's inner state , they are not in conflict and can be combined satisfactorily , often with speedier and more long-lasting results than could be [got] using only one therapy .

The enhanced results which can be obtained using a combined therapeutic regime are well illustrated by a study which we had the opportunity of carrying out about three years ago at a residential health establishment in Crieff .
the enhanced results which can be [got] using a combined therapeutic regime are well illustrated by a study which we had the opportunity of carrying out about three years ago at a residential health establishment in crieff .

It was obvious that by using a combination of synergistic approaches to treatment , faster and better results could be obtained than with any one therapy alone .
it was obvious that by using a combination of synergistic approaches to treatment , faster and better results could be [got] than with any one therapy alone .

It is true , certainly , that a number of workers who have investigated it with a view to debunking it were so impressed by the results which could be obtained with it that they became its champions instead of its detractors .
it is true , certainly , that a number of workers who have investigated it with a view to debunking it were so impressed by the results which could be [got] with it that they became its champions instead of its detractors .

Another intriguing aspect of water is its ability to form different crystal patterns , such as the different crystal forms of ice and snow that are produced under different weather conditions and the different ices that can be obtained under high pressures .
another intriguing aspect of water is its ability to form different crystal patterns , such as the different crystal forms of ice and snow that are produced under different weather conditions and the different ices that can be [got] under high pressures .

Further evidence for macro-molecules comes from the work of Heintz who obtained infra-red absorption patterns of succussed solutions which indicated that polymers were produced in the solvent .
further evidence for macro-molecules comes from the work of heintz who [got] infra-red absorption patterns of succussed solutions which indicated that polymers were produced in the solvent .

The results obtained so far suggest that shape-specific long-chain water polymers could be the something which produces the physiological and pharmacological effects which homoeopathic potencies exert on living systems .
the results [got] so far suggest that shape-specific long-chain water polymers could be the something which produces the physiological and pharmacological effects which homoeopathic potencies exert on living systems .

Some investigators obtained conflicting results using copper chloride and iron sulphide potencies on cress seedlings , and some claimed effects with mercuric chloride on lymphoblasts ( a type of white blood cell ) in tissue culture , an effect not substantiated by others .
some investigators [got] conflicting results using copper chloride and iron sulphide potencies on cress seedlings , and some claimed effects with mercuric chloride on lymphoblasts ( a type of white blood cell ) in tissue culture , an effect not substantiated by others .

These same authors went on to compare the effects of homoeopathic potencies on the wheat seedlings with those on cultures of yeast , and obtained very similar results .
these same authors went on to compare the effects of homoeopathic potencies on the wheat seedlings with those on cultures of yeast , and [got] very similar results .

Using mercury-poisoned human skin fibroblasts ( fibrous tissue cells ) in culture , the Boiron workers obtained protective effects with some potencies of Mercurius corrosivus as compared with water potentized to the same level .
using mercury-poisoned human skin fibroblasts ( fibrous tissue cells ) in culture , the boiron workers [got] protective effects with some potencies of mercurius corrosivus as compared with water potentized to the same level .

In conventional trials set up to to assess the efficacy of a new drug , the drug is given to a group of patients suffering from a particular illness , and the effects are compared with those obtained in a matched group of patients given a dummy ( or placebo ) drug .
in conventional trials set up to to assess the efficacy of a new drug , the drug is given to a group of patients suffering from a particular illness , and the effects are compared with those [got] in a matched group of patients given a dummy ( or placebo ) drug .

Significant improvements were obtained in stiffness , pain and functional ability in the homoeopathically treated group compared with the placebo group .
significant improvements were [got] in stiffness , pain and functional ability in the homoeopathically treated group compared with the placebo group .

This problem may well underlie many of the conflicting results obtained from plant experiments .
this problem may well underlie many of the conflicting results [got] from plant experiments .

However the homoeopathic physician will also administer a remedy , as well as giving a prescription for the antibiotic , with instructions that should the remedy not have worked within an hour or two , the antibiotic should be obtained .
however the homoeopathic physician will also administer a remedy , as well as giving a prescription for the antibiotic , with instructions that should the remedy not have worked within an hour or two , the antibiotic should be [got] .

Often if various different approaches are used , a much faster and longer-lasting result is obtained .
often if various different approaches are used , a much faster and longer-lasting result is [got] .

For instance , in a group of patients with rheumatoid and osteoarthritis who were treated with an elimination diet followed by a wheat-free diet , cervical reintegration and the green-lipped mussel preparation , Seatone , significant and often dramatic improvements were obtained in a fortnight of an order similar to , or better than , those obtained by either homoeopathy or Seatone alone over a period of three to six months .
for instance , in a group of patients with rheumatoid and osteoarthritis who were treated with an elimination diet followed by a wheat-free diet , cervical reintegration and the green-lipped mussel preparation , seatone , significant and often dramatic improvements were [got] in a fortnight of an order similar to , or better than , those [got] by either homoeopathy or seatone alone over a period of three to six months .

We are told a fairly accurate and terrifying glimpse can be obtained of ‘ our ’ Public Enemies by examining the convicted and imprisoned population .
we are told a fairly accurate and terrifying glimpse can be [got] of ‘ our ’ public enemies by examining the convicted and imprisoned population .

Similarly , the educational non-achievers are over-represented — at the other end of the educational achievement ladder there appear to be hardly any criminals , since only 0.05 per cent of people received into prison have obtained a university degree .
similarly , the educational non-achievers are over-represented — at the other end of the educational achievement ladder there appear to be hardly any criminals , since only 0.05 per cent of people received into prison have [got] a university degree .

Undoubtedly the best illustration of this can be obtained by comparing the research of Rossi et al .
undoubtedly the best illustration of this can be [got] by comparing the research of rossi et al .

Postbasic certificate and statemented ( the latter are generally shorter ) courses are validated by the boards and a list of current courses and training establishments can be obtained by writing directly to the boards or to a delegated careers advice service .
postbasic certificate and statemented ( the latter are generally shorter ) courses are validated by the boards and a list of current courses and training establishments can be [got] by writing directly to the boards or to a delegated careers advice service .

If you are in this position , or even if you are lucky enough to have obtained a place on a re-entry course , it may help to make a tentative assessment of the skills you feel need to be reassessed in order to practise safely .
if you are in this position , or even if you are lucky enough to have [got] a place on a re-entry course , it may help to make a tentative assessment of the skills you feel need to be reassessed in order to practise safely .

Lists of registered childminders can be obtained from the under-fives adviser employed by the social services department .
lists of registered childminders can be [got] from the under-fives adviser employed by the social services department .

Advice on courses provided by individual health boards and colleges of nursing can be obtained from this address , but if you have a particular query concerning local provision you can either contact your local college of nursing direct , or write to the chief nursing officer at your local health board for clarification .
advice on courses provided by individual health boards and colleges of nursing can be [got] from this address , but if you have a particular query concerning local provision you can either contact your local college of nursing direct , or write to the chief nursing officer at your local health board for clarification .

The ability to measure accurately , record and understand the relevance of patient/client data obtained by personal observation or through the use of equipment .
the ability to measure accurately , record and understand the relevance of patient/client data [got] by personal observation or through the use of equipment .

Information and advice on health visiting as a career can be obtained from recruitment officers at the addresses given in Appendix 3 .
information and advice on health visiting as a career can be [got] from recruitment officers at the addresses given in appendix 3 .

Occasionally sacks can be obtained with a ‘ zip-off ’ front pocket which can be converted to a day sack , although these are mostly to be found on convertible sacks used as travel luggage .
occasionally sacks can be [got] with a ‘ zip-off ’ front pocket which can be converted to a day sack , although these are mostly to be found on convertible sacks used as travel luggage .

Practically unique letter specification was obtained from only the downstrokes of the writing , and there is other evidence to suggest that most of the information in cursive writing is in the downward portions of the writing .
practically unique letter specification was [got] from only the downstrokes of the writing , and there is other evidence to suggest that most of the information in cursive writing is in the downward portions of the writing .

Lexical , syntactic and semantic information needed for the system can be obtained from a machine-readable dictionary .
lexical , syntactic and semantic information needed for the system can be [got] from a machine-readable dictionary .

Four trees were constructed from the same word lists , and candidate strings from a test sentence checked against them . The results in table 3.4 were obtained for the test sentence : mary had a little lamb its fleece was white as snow and everywhere that mary went the lamb was sure to go
four trees were constructed from the same word lists , and candidate strings from a test sentence checked against them . the results in table 3.4 were [got] for the test sentence : mary had a little lamb its fleece was white as snow and everywhere that mary went the lamb was sure to go

The results in table 3.5 were obtained for the same test sentence .
the results in table 3.5 were [got] for the same test sentence .

As a first attempt we have tried to calculate this from the mean letter width for a particular writer , which can be obtained from the raw x-coordinate data for the script at training time .
as a first attempt we have tried to calculate this from the mean letter width for a particular writer , which can be [got] from the raw x-coordinate data for the script at training time .

The mean letter width value is obtained by summing the x differences ( x max - x min ) for each word in the training set , and dividing by the number of letters written .
the mean letter width value is [got] by summing the x differences ( x max - x min ) for each word in the training set , and dividing by the number of letters written .

It is hoped that this stems from the fact that the zonal code given per letter by the recogniser is not as accurate as some overall shape information would be , if it were obtained from the x , y coordinates of the script .
it is hoped that this stems from the fact that the zonal code given per letter by the recogniser is not as accurate as some overall shape information would be , if it were [got] from the x , y coordinates of the script .

We have seen that this information is really only useful if it can be obtained accurately and consistently across writers .
we have seen that this information is really only useful if it can be [got] accurately and consistently across writers .

But though the stream rose on his own land , he had not obtained the proper extraction licence and so got the water free .
but though the stream rose on his own land , he had not [got] the proper extraction licence and so got the water free .

( But only the Mirror knows how the pictures were obtained — and we can tell you her claim is rubbish . )
( but only the mirror knows how the pictures were [got] — and we can tell you her claim is rubbish . )

Buckingham Palace notepaper can easily be obtained by outsiders .
buckingham palace notepaper can easily be [got] by outsiders .

( ‘ Whoa ! ’ can be obtained by mail order .
( ‘ whoa ! ’ can be [got] by mail order .

They can also be obtained from Red Cross branches , Sketchley dry cleaners , wherever the Care In Crisis poster is displayed or by phoning the Red Cross headquarters in London on 071–235-3149 .
they can also be [got] from red cross branches , sketchley dry cleaners , wherever the care in crisis poster is displayed or by phoning the red cross headquarters in london on 071–235-3149 .

Quotations for the removal need to be obtained and a contractor chosen .
quotations for the removal need to be [got] and a contractor chosen .

If one party does not wish to accept this valuation a second will be obtained .
if one party does not wish to accept this valuation a second will be [got] .

If they are not within 15 per cent of each other a third valuation will be obtained and the average taken of the two closest valuations from all three .
if they are not within 15 per cent of each other a third valuation will be [got] and the average taken of the two closest valuations from all three .

What matters is conformity and not how this conformity is obtained .
what matters is conformity and not how this conformity is [got] .

By a single vote , the Commons withheld confidence from the government , Lord Melbourne sought and obtained a dissolution of Parliament , and the necessity for a Cabinet to secure the confidence and support of Parliament and thus be responsible to it was established .
by a single vote , the commons withheld confidence from the government , lord melbourne sought and [got] a dissolution of parliament , and the necessity for a cabinet to secure the confidence and support of parliament and thus be responsible to it was established .

Friends of Rough Collie rescue had , in fact , donated £15 when the dogs were collected from the police kennels , but they had not obtained a receipt and now refused to get one on Brenda 's behalf .
friends of rough collie rescue had , in fact , donated £15 when the dogs were collected from the police kennels , but they had not [got] a receipt and now refused to get one on brenda 's behalf .

Advice on whom to choose can usually be obtained through the local grape-vine of elderly neighbours and old people 's clubs and organisations .
advice on whom to choose can usually be [got] through the local grape-vine of elderly neighbours and old people 's clubs and organisations .

The Board of Inland Revenue issue a very helpful free booklet entitled Income Tax and the Elderly , which can be obtained from any Inland Revenue office .
the board of inland revenue issue a very helpful free booklet entitled income tax and the elderly , which can be [got] from any inland revenue office .

If she is sure that she would not qualify for a supplementary pension and wishes to apply for a rent rebate or allowance , an application form , and the information leaflet There 's Money off your Rent , can be obtained from the local authority Housing Department .
if she is sure that she would not qualify for a supplementary pension and wishes to apply for a rent rebate or allowance , an application form , and the information leaflet there 's money off your rent , can be [got] from the local authority housing department .

For a rate rebate , an application form may be obtained from the local authority Treasurer 's Department , together with the information leaflet How to Pay Less Rates .
for a rate rebate , an application form may be [got] from the local authority treasurer 's department , together with the information leaflet how to pay less rates .

Your parent 's agreement should be obtained too , if possible , for arrangements to be made for someone suitable to come and spend a day or evening with her regularly so that you can go out .
your parent 's agreement should be [got] too , if possible , for arrangements to be made for someone suitable to come and spend a day or evening with her regularly so that you can go out .

If so , this may take some time and finance to organise , and planning permission may have to be obtained from the local authority .
if so , this may take some time and finance to organise , and planning permission may have to be [got] from the local authority .

Further information about the centre and its work can be obtained from me at the centre .
further information about the centre and its work can be [got] from me at the centre .

Information should be obtained from the director , Susan Brind .
information should be [got] from the director , susan brind .

Anthea had obtained a colourful series of slides showing modern plague victims from the Far East with their various swellings and eruptions .
anthea had [got] a colourful series of slides showing modern plague victims from the far east with their various swellings and eruptions .

However , the principles for expansion have certainly obtained .
however , the principles for expansion have certainly [got] .

On a smaller scale the same has obtained in many Anglican situations with great good effect .
on a smaller scale the same has [got] in many anglican situations with great good effect .

These can be obtained relatively cheaply from the Oddball Juggling Company , .
these can be [got] relatively cheaply from the oddball juggling company , .

If investment in public education was a necessary political and humanitarian response to the problems of poverty and underprivilege , if it was an appropriate means of fostering and maintaining religious adherence , and if it was calculated to equip young people with the skills demanded by a changing industrial society , then a strategy had to be found for ensuring that value was obtained for the funds invested .
if investment in public education was a necessary political and humanitarian response to the problems of poverty and underprivilege , if it was an appropriate means of fostering and maintaining religious adherence , and if it was calculated to equip young people with the skills demanded by a changing industrial society , then a strategy had to be found for ensuring that value was [got] for the funds invested .

He kept in with the Soviets in case Moscow ever prevailed in Bucharest — plus the extra money he undoubtedly obtained .
he kept in with the soviets in case moscow ever prevailed in bucharest — plus the extra money he undoubtedly [got] .

Paula had persisted with the wife and had obtained the address of the housekeeper who had looked after Manningham 's home .
paula had persisted with the wife and had [got] the address of the housekeeper who had looked after manningham 's home .

Are the methods appropriate to the study ? Is there bias in the questions asked , or not asked ? Is the wording of questionnaires ambiguous or likely to encourage particular replies ? Are findings achieved by one research method checked by results obtained using others ? Naturally , in a research report , the author can not provide all the data ; on the other hand , the reader must be satisfied that all material has been considered and that the conclusions represent a comprehensive analysis of all the evidence . Social research
are the methods appropriate to the study ? is there bias in the questions asked , or not asked ? is the wording of questionnaires ambiguous or likely to encourage particular replies ? are findings achieved by one research method checked by results [got] using others ? naturally , in a research report , the author can not provide all the data ; on the other hand , the reader must be satisfied that all material has been considered and that the conclusions represent a comprehensive analysis of all the evidence . social research

This information was also obtained from the obstetric records for the mother .
this information was also [got] from the obstetric records for the mother .

The confidence intervals for the odds ratios were calculated using the method of Cornfield , and the multivariate odds ratio and its confidence interval were obtained from unconditional logistic regression .
the confidence intervals for the odds ratios were calculated using the method of cornfield , and the multivariate odds ratio and its confidence interval were [got] from unconditional logistic regression .

Adequate information was obtained from 637 of the 662 patients ( 96 % ) : 504 patients with ulcerative colitis and 133 patients with Crohn 's disease .
adequate information was [got] from 637 of the 662 patients ( 96 % ) : 504 patients with ulcerative colitis and 133 patients with crohn 's disease .

We telephoned all patients who stated that actual or possible inflammatory bowel disease was present in one or more family members and obtained the names and dates of birth of the affected family members .
we telephoned all patients who stated that actual or possible inflammatory bowel disease was present in one or more family members and [got] the names and dates of birth of the affected family members .

Members are listed by area of operation and further information and brochures can be obtained by contacting directly the schools of your choice .
members are listed by area of operation and further information and brochures can be [got] by contacting directly the schools of your choice .

The Pope 's consent to Cranmer 's appointment was obtained .
the pope 's consent to cranmer 's appointment was [got] .

’ Later , though he was member of a committee of the House of Lords which obtained a confession from Lord Chancellor Bacon of accepting bribes , he remained Bacon 's friend .
’ later , though he was member of a committee of the house of lords which [got] a confession from lord chancellor bacon of accepting bribes , he remained bacon 's friend .

In 1624 he obtained leave of absence from the University and served as a Member of Parliament .
in 1624 he [got] leave of absence from the university and served as a member of parliament .

It was through one of several friends who had remained loyal to him through the seven years of his ‘ jeopardy ’ , in two asylums , that his release was obtained : apparently Sherratt walked in and removed him from custody .
it was through one of several friends who had remained loyal to him through the seven years of his ‘ jeopardy ’ , in two asylums , that his release was [got] : apparently sherratt walked in and removed him from custody .

They must have felt they had secured his future when a Treasury pension of £50 per annum was obtained for him in April 1766 , but his letters continue to reveal his financial anxiety .
they must have felt they had secured his future when a treasury pension of £50 per annum was [got] for him in april 1766 , but his letters continue to reveal his financial anxiety .

Information should be obtained from the director , Susan Brind .
information should be [got] from the director , susan brind .

Data on a wide range of trace elements , especially thorium , uranium and the rare-earth elements , down to concentrations less than one part per billion ( 1:10 & sup9 ) , have been obtained from natural waters and experimental solutions from several projects , including those concerned with the mobility of nuclides in the geosphere .
data on a wide range of trace elements , especially thorium , uranium and the rare-earth elements , down to concentrations less than one part per billion ( 1:10 & sup9 ) , have been [got] from natural waters and experimental solutions from several projects , including those concerned with the mobility of nuclides in the geosphere .

For the south-central Leeds project the database has 7700 records obtained from more than 170 site investigation reports .
for the south-central leeds project the database has 7700 records [got] from more than 170 site investigation reports .

Geochemical results obtained as part of a collaborative study with the University of Hawaii confirm the separate identities of the terranes on either side of the suture .
geochemical results [got] as part of a collaborative study with the university of hawaii confirm the separate identities of the terranes on either side of the suture .

Environmental and engineering geology In a project to investigate the engineering properties of poorly understood tropical red soils , fieldwork in Kenya and Indonesia has been largely completed , and additional samples have been obtained from Fiji and Dominica .
environmental and engineering geology in a project to investigate the engineering properties of poorly understood tropical red soils , fieldwork in kenya and indonesia has been largely completed , and additional samples have been [got] from fiji and dominica .

Similarly , there is a stronger awareness that graves are not merely places where artefacts can be obtained for study but are reservoirs of data reflecting numerous activities of a past society in addition to mortuary rituals .
similarly , there is a stronger awareness that graves are not merely places where artefacts can be [got] for study but are reservoirs of data reflecting numerous activities of a past society in addition to mortuary rituals .

Often , timbers dated by radio-carbon are carbonised oak and a date obtained relates to the age of the rings of the surviving tree and not the felling date .
often , timbers dated by radio-carbon are carbonised oak and a date [got] relates to the age of the rings of the surviving tree and not the felling date .

Some writers quote dates to an accuracy of 25 years , others 30 years , but rarely is it made clear why , or how such dates are obtained .
some writers quote dates to an accuracy of 25 years , others 30 years , but rarely is it made clear why , or how such dates are [got] .

This may in part be true , but it ignores the mechanisms by which gold was obtained , assessed and utilised .
this may in part be true , but it ignores the mechanisms by which gold was [got] , assessed and utilised .

Some details of the mechanisms of dispersal of such imported goods can be obtained by a more detailed examination of their distributions .
some details of the mechanisms of dispersal of such imported goods can be [got] by a more detailed examination of their distributions .

While this outlines the process of manufacture , each stage required a different combination of raw materials and tools which would in turn have had to be obtained and processed .
while this outlines the process of manufacture , each stage required a different combination of raw materials and tools which would in turn have had to be [got] and processed .

These can be obtained from your local supplier or direct from New World .
these can be [got] from your local supplier or direct from new world .

It is so sensitive ( 99 % accurate in laboratory testing ) that an accurate result can be obtained on the first day of a missed period .
it is so sensitive ( 99 % accurate in laboratory testing ) that an accurate result can be [got] on the first day of a missed period .

Treatment for Thrush can only be obtained on prescription from your doctor or clinic .
treatment for thrush can only be [got] on prescription from your doctor or clinic .

Model helicopters can be obtained in two forms — those with variable pitch rotor blades and those with fixed pitch blades .
model helicopters can be [got] in two forms — those with variable pitch rotor blades and those with fixed pitch blades .

Thereafter we eagerly obtained the precious four novels of the canon and she became our favourite writer .
thereafter we eagerly [got] the precious four novels of the canon and she became our favourite writer .

The union has obtained a document produced by Lothian health board which says that trusts could save over £5m if they cut unsocial hours payments .
the union has [got] a document produced by lothian health board which says that trusts could save over £5m if they cut unsocial hours payments .

Information obtained included socio-demographic characteristics , details of the episode , past history , life events in the six months before onset and pre-morbid personality .
information [got] included socio-demographic characteristics , details of the episode , past history , life events in the six months before onset and pre-morbid personality .

Unaware he had obtained a new exit visa , Pyle waited till the following morning , then asked his bank staff in the Dharram office to check around the city and find out what Laing was doing there .
unaware he had [got] a new exit visa , pyle waited till the following morning , then asked his bank staff in the dharram office to check around the city and find out what laing was doing there .

The greengrocer 's shop and delicatessen across the street from the apartment , whose number Quinn had obtained from the London telephone directory in the sitting-room cabinet , was called Bradshaw , after the man who had started it , but was now owned by an Indian gentleman called Mr Patel .
the greengrocer 's shop and delicatessen across the street from the apartment , whose number quinn had [got] from the london telephone directory in the sitting-room cabinet , was called bradshaw , after the man who had started it , but was now owned by an indian gentleman called mr patel .

Had any descriptions of the kidnappers been obtained ?
had any descriptions of the kidnappers been [got] ?

‘ Advances in telecommunications technology promise to deprive Federal , state and local law enforcement officers and the public of the incalculable benefits that can be obtained only by court-authorised wire-tapping .
‘ advances in telecommunications technology promise to deprive federal , state and local law enforcement officers and the public of the incalculable benefits that can be [got] only by court-authorised wire-tapping .

If the piece-rate was raised in an attempt to persuade the workers to produce more output , exactly the opposite effect was obtained as individuals would only produce the ( lower ) quantity required to meet their cash target .
if the piece-rate was raised in an attempt to persuade the workers to produce more output , exactly the opposite effect was [got] as individuals would only produce the ( lower ) quantity required to meet their cash target .

She sought to discover where he had obtained the information he was supposed to have passed on to a Sunday newspaper .
she sought to discover where he had [got] the information he was supposed to have passed on to a sunday newspaper .

The width is 180 squares , so multiply this by the 70 obtained for height .
the width is 180 squares , so multiply this by the 70 [got] for height .

Since 1955 it has been used as a museum and now houses many of the best religious paintings , sculptures and vestments from the island 's churches , including several fifteenth- and sixteenth-century Flemish works , said to have been obtained in exchange for sugar shipped from Funchal .
since 1955 it has been used as a museum and now houses many of the best religious paintings , sculptures and vestments from the island 's churches , including several fifteenth- and sixteenth-century flemish works , said to have been [got] in exchange for sugar shipped from funchal .

Margaret Thatcher once pleaded that it would be the ‘ cruellest thing ’ for her colleagues to unseat her after she had obtained for them more than a decade in power .
margaret thatcher once pleaded that it would be the ‘ cruellest thing ’ for her colleagues to unseat her after she had [got] for them more than a decade in power .

Transparent fuel pipe , as used on motorcycles and many cars , is easily obtained , economic and fulfils a variety of purposes as a spar joiner .
transparent fuel pipe , as used on motorcycles and many cars , is easily [got] , economic and fulfils a variety of purposes as a spar joiner .

Only where rigid frame kites are used , for example the Box , Cody or more recent Dunford Flying Machine , have any really practical results been obtained when the camera has been an integral part .
only where rigid frame kites are used , for example the box , cody or more recent dunford flying machine , have any really practical results been [got] when the camera has been an integral part .

Far better control over the movement of the camera is obtained by the pulley and continuous loop method devised by Tom Pratt .
far better control over the movement of the camera is [got] by the pulley and continuous loop method devised by tom pratt .

Some people object to having their property scanned by an airborne eye , so ensure that proper permission is obtained before snapping at random .
some people object to having their property scanned by an airborne eye , so ensure that proper permission is [got] before snapping at random .

Ramsay certainly obtained a kiss and a hug from Mariot in farewell , but in front of the others it was not of the sort to analyse carefully ; indeed he got a similar embrace from Black Agnes .
ramsay certainly [got] a kiss and a hug from mariot in farewell , but in front of the others it was not of the sort to analyse carefully ; indeed he got a similar embrace from black agnes .

The latter was taken almost entirely from the wire services of Reuters and Agence France-presse , although the Times obtained stories from its sister papers in East Africa and the group 's London correspondent .
the latter was taken almost entirely from the wire services of reuters and agence france-presse , although the times [got] stories from its sister papers in east africa and the group 's london correspondent .

If there are no goods in the shops ; or if food can only be obtained by rationing ; or if the state siphons off the lion 's share of increased earnings as taxation ; or if an economy seems incapable of growing , then people begin to question the fundamentals on which such a system is built .
if there are no goods in the shops ; or if food can only be [got] by rationing ; or if the state siphons off the lion 's share of increased earnings as taxation ; or if an economy seems incapable of growing , then people begin to question the fundamentals on which such a system is built .

His method was empirical : ‘ My results have been obtained through a completely empirical analysis founded on a conscientious and critical study of political economy .
his method was empirical : ‘ my results have been [got] through a completely empirical analysis founded on a conscientious and critical study of political economy .

The use of monopoly power obtained through the creation of closed shops , regulation of the terms of apprenticeship and so on is comparable to the use of monopoly power by corporations in a position to exercise it .
the use of monopoly power [got] through the creation of closed shops , regulation of the terms of apprenticeship and so on is comparable to the use of monopoly power by corporations in a position to exercise it .

Firstly , individual trade unions raise the real wages of their members at the expense of non-unionised workers — in practice wages obtained by collective bargaining tend on average to be about 20 per cent higher than other wages .
firstly , individual trade unions raise the real wages of their members at the expense of non-unionised workers — in practice wages [got] by collective bargaining tend on average to be about 20 per cent higher than other wages .

The main case put by the company was that the new Fowler van sales operation had wrongfully used confidential information obtained during employment with the company .
the main case put by the company was that the new fowler van sales operation had wrongfully used confidential information [got] during employment with the company .

It should be noted that for a person obliged to retire from business because of failing health , the maximum relief can be obtained before the age of 60 ( given a ten year period as director ) .
it should be noted that for a person obliged to retire from business because of failing health , the maximum relief can be [got] before the age of 60 ( given a ten year period as director ) .

The actual exercise of this option may not be made earlier than three years nor later than ten years after it has been obtained .
the actual exercise of this option may not be made earlier than three years nor later than ten years after it has been [got] .

Releases money currently tied up in a depreciating asset on which no direct return is being obtained or capital employed .
releases money currently tied up in a depreciating asset on which no direct return is being [got] or capital employed .

He hoped greatly to be able to go to Oxford in the autumn ; there should be enough money from a sale to support his mother , his brother and himself till he obtained a degree and could earn his living .
he hoped greatly to be able to go to oxford in the autumn ; there should be enough money from a sale to support his mother , his brother and himself till he [got] a degree and could earn his living .

Paul congratulated him , and obtained the address of the housekeeper 's daughter .
paul congratulated him , and [got] the address of the housekeeper 's daughter .

As a result , when classes were announced , he had not obtained a first , only a good second .
as a result , when classes were announced , he had not [got] a first , only a good second .

Paul obtained it , and found lodgings in the Marylebone Road .
paul [got] it , and found lodgings in the marylebone road .

Adam did not know whether to be glad or sorry he had not obtained an English newspaper while away .
adam did not know whether to be glad or sorry he had not [got] an english newspaper while away .

In about 1724 John Lethieullier obtained a faculty ( that is , a licence from the ecclesiastical authorities ) to construct a mausoleum with subterranean burial vault on to St Mary 's , Little Ilford .
in about 1724 john lethieullier [got] a faculty ( that is , a licence from the ecclesiastical authorities ) to construct a mausoleum with subterranean burial vault on to st mary 's , little ilford .

In the Navigation 's case the ground floor food preparation area was obtained by converting an old-fashioned and unwanted small private bar : similar areas suitable for conversion can not be guaranteed in more than 50 per cent of the units , though equivalent areas could be made available in the remainder through ‘ building out ’ .
in the navigation 's case the ground floor food preparation area was [got] by converting an old-fashioned and unwanted small private bar : similar areas suitable for conversion can not be guaranteed in more than 50 per cent of the units , though equivalent areas could be made available in the remainder through ‘ building out ’ .

The really worrying thing is that Marie is said to have obtained improved terms from suppliers ( understandable , given that she is ordering larger quantities ) .
the really worrying thing is that marie is said to have [got] improved terms from suppliers ( understandable , given that she is ordering larger quantities ) .

They start with the filling in of a pre-printed summons form which is obtained from the Sheriff Clerk .
they start with the filling in of a pre-printed summons form which is [got] from the sheriff clerk .

Lavender oil for instance is relaxing and antiseptic and will help heal spots , whilst neroli obtained from orange blossom works well on dry skin and is said to be an anti-depressant too .
lavender oil for instance is relaxing and antiseptic and will help heal spots , whilst neroli [got] from orange blossom works well on dry skin and is said to be an anti-depressant too .

Both Isobel 's parents had been killed in a motor accident , and Peter Dawson had obtained leave from his unit in France to attend their funeral in Wales .
both isobel 's parents had been killed in a motor accident , and peter dawson had [got] leave from his unit in france to attend their funeral in wales .

The more History attempts to transcend its own rootedness in historicity , and the greater the efforts it makes to attain , beyond the historical relativity of its origin and its choices , the sphere of universality , the more clearly it bears the marks of its historical birth , and the more evidently there appears through it the history of which it is itself a part … inversely , the more it accepts its relativity , and the more deeply it sinks into the movement it shares with what it is recounting , then the more it tends to the slenderness of the narrative , and all the positive content it obtained for itself through the human sciences is dissipated . ( 371 )
the more history attempts to transcend its own rootedness in historicity , and the greater the efforts it makes to attain , beyond the historical relativity of its origin and its choices , the sphere of universality , the more clearly it bears the marks of its historical birth , and the more evidently there appears through it the history of which it is itself a part … inversely , the more it accepts its relativity , and the more deeply it sinks into the movement it shares with what it is recounting , then the more it tends to the slenderness of the narrative , and all the positive content it [got] for itself through the human sciences is dissipated . ( 371 )

Data for my research was obtained from four main sources : detailed interviews with ‘ samples ’ of front-line workers , such as social workers and health visitors ; a participant observation study of how a sample of new cases were investigated and managed ; examination of files and records ; attendance at case conferences , which are the meetings of professionals with relevant knowledge of a particular case to decide whether child abuse has taken place , and what course of action is in the best interests of the child , or children , concerned .
data for my research was [got] from four main sources : detailed interviews with ‘ samples ’ of front-line workers , such as social workers and health visitors ; a participant observation study of how a sample of new cases were investigated and managed ; examination of files and records ; attendance at case conferences , which are the meetings of professionals with relevant knowledge of a particular case to decide whether child abuse has taken place , and what course of action is in the best interests of the child , or children , concerned .

such data could be obtained by further inspection of the same set of statistical data that can be obtained from the Department of Education and Science .
such data could be [got] by further inspection of the same set of statistical data that can be [got] from the department of education and science .

Facilities for X-ray were installed , and a new operating table and lamp were obtained at a total cost of £150 .
facilities for x-ray were installed , and a new operating table and lamp were [got] at a total cost of £150 .

Twelve bedsteads were urgently required and were ordered from Messrs. Kilpin and Leach ; the mattresses and ticking for them were obtained from the House of Industry .
twelve bedsteads were urgently required and were ordered from messrs. kilpin and leach ; the mattresses and ticking for them were [got] from the house of industry .

He had obtained the recipe from a letter in a newspaper , had a sample made up , and suggested in a covering letter that Dr. Yeats might try it out on some of his patients .
he had [got] the recipe from a letter in a newspaper , had a sample made up , and suggested in a covering letter that dr. yeats might try it out on some of his patients .

As far as their training and qualifications were concerned , one-third had no qualifications at all and less than half had obtained basic school qualifications .
as far as their training and qualifications were concerned , one-third had no qualifications at all and less than half had [got] basic school qualifications .

It usually investigates working-class subjects by testing them against norms obtained from middle-class samples .
it usually investigates working-class subjects by testing them against norms [got] from middle-class samples .

They extend the range of psychological issues on which psychology uses lesbians to test results obtained with heterosexual women , and the range of specific aspects of lesbian subjectivity which psychology investigates .
they extend the range of psychological issues on which psychology uses lesbians to test results [got] with heterosexual women , and the range of specific aspects of lesbian subjectivity which psychology investigates .

The methods are restricted to illustrating , supplementing , and contextualizing results obtained from quantitative procedures , and indicating future research directions .
the methods are restricted to illustrating , supplementing , and contextualizing results [got] from quantitative procedures , and indicating future research directions .

But they , like other analysts , give all material obtained in the professional setting of the analytic session special credibility .
but they , like other analysts , give all material [got] in the professional setting of the analytic session special credibility .

Often it claims that results obtained by such methods do not need formalization ; that they explain themselves ; and that they generate the new questions that the discipline needs .
often it claims that results [got] by such methods do not need formalization ; that they explain themselves ; and that they generate the new questions that the discipline needs .

Good roses obtained from a good grower are on reliable vigorous stocks which need no help from the ‘ weak top half ’ .
good roses [got] from a good grower are on reliable vigorous stocks which need no help from the ‘ weak top half ’ .

The research could be repeated , and the same results would be obtained .
the research could be repeated , and the same results would be [got] .

It had not originally been intended to carry on the research after that date , but it was so successful that finding was obtained to set up a panel study .
it had not originally been intended to carry on the research after that date , but it was so successful that finding was [got] to set up a panel study .

Greater credence was given to quantitative data , judged ‘ representative ’ , to be obtained by a questionnaire administered to a large number of gypsies .
greater credence was given to quantitative data , judged ‘ representative ’ , to be [got] by a questionnaire administered to a large number of gypsies .

Such sums are not obtained without some sort of commitment to success which , in contemporary terms , means circulation and advertising rather than a blind commitment to a political creed .
such sums are not [got] without some sort of commitment to success which , in contemporary terms , means circulation and advertising rather than a blind commitment to a political creed .

It is generally true that if organisations try to set up such functions in-house , they are unlikely to keep and retain the best people ; thus there is always a gulf between the in-house employees and their performance and what can be obtained in the way of services by using external consultants to undertake the job .
it is generally true that if organisations try to set up such functions in-house , they are unlikely to keep and retain the best people ; thus there is always a gulf between the in-house employees and their performance and what can be [got] in the way of services by using external consultants to undertake the job .

It is therefore simplest to interpret these results in terms of an inability to remember that food has just been obtained from a particular arm .
it is therefore simplest to interpret these results in terms of an inability to remember that food has just been [got] from a particular arm .

This model , based initially on the fairly crude neuroanatomical data available a century ago , has stood the test of time remarkably well but data obtained over the last two decades have prompted modifications in the details .
this model , based initially on the fairly crude neuroanatomical data available a century ago , has stood the test of time remarkably well but data [got] over the last two decades have prompted modifications in the details .

It is selectively impaired by lesions involving subcortical visual relays but detailed analysis of the deficit shows that it is probably due to a mild impairment in detecting contrast similar to that obtained with small cortical lesions ( Legg 1988 ; Legg and Cowey 1977 ; Legg and Turkish 1983 ) .
it is selectively impaired by lesions involving subcortical visual relays but detailed analysis of the deficit shows that it is probably due to a mild impairment in detecting contrast similar to that [got] with small cortical lesions ( legg 1988 ; legg and cowey 1977 ; legg and turkish 1983 ) .

It was from this little hill Wainwright obtained his view of the Lake District which altered the whole course of his life .
it was from this little hill wainwright [got] his view of the lake district which altered the whole course of his life .

Three principalities , Serbia , Montenegro and Rumania , obtained their formal independence at the Congress of Berlin , where each was bound to maintain certain constitutional safeguards .
three principalities , serbia , montenegro and rumania , [got] their formal independence at the congress of berlin , where each was bound to maintain certain constitutional safeguards .

The greatest achievements were obtained in the fight against communicable disease .
the greatest achievements were [got] in the fight against communicable disease .

In each country , politics complicated development , but German interests finally obtained an east-west canal to link Berlin with the Ruhr and by 1905 ships of 2,000 tons could go up the Rhine as far as Mannheim , a very important change since the Ruhr by then needed more than German ore .
in each country , politics complicated development , but german interests finally [got] an east-west canal to link berlin with the ruhr and by 1905 ships of 2,000 tons could go up the rhine as far as mannheim , a very important change since the ruhr by then needed more than german ore .

In the Dual Monarchy , Austrian men obtained the vote in 1907 .
in the dual monarchy , austrian men [got] the vote in 1907 .

At this point , planning provided little guidance to what would follow ; the difficulties of extemporizing new manoeuvres were enormous and helped to reinforce the prevailing view that the overriding aim must be an early victory obtained essentially by good initial deployment .
at this point , planning provided little guidance to what would follow ; the difficulties of extemporizing new manoeuvres were enormous and helped to reinforce the prevailing view that the overriding aim must be an early victory [got] essentially by good initial deployment .

The Treaty of Berlin partially settled the first by handing out bits of Turkish territory to the powers mainly concerned ; Russia was allowed Bessarabia and some of Asian Turkey , Great Britain obtained a lease of Cyprus , and the Dual Monarchy was allowed to occupy and administer the Turkish provinces of Bosnia and Herzegovina and to garrison the Sanjak of Novi Bazar .
the treaty of berlin partially settled the first by handing out bits of turkish territory to the powers mainly concerned ; russia was allowed bessarabia and some of asian turkey , great britain [got] a lease of cyprus , and the dual monarchy was allowed to occupy and administer the turkish provinces of bosnia and herzegovina and to garrison the sanjak of novi bazar .

The British , supposedly their friends , not only took Cyprus , but obtained the appointment of Englishmen as military consuls in Asia Minor , to work under an English Inspector-General of Reforms .
the british , supposedly their friends , not only took cyprus , but [got] the appointment of englishmen as military consuls in asia minor , to work under an english inspector-general of reforms .

The advantage was Italy 's ; unless France was involved , she would not be pulled into a conflict with Russia ; she obtained a special declaration that the treaty was not directed against England ; finally , the association proved that Italy was a great power .
the advantage was italy 's ; unless france was involved , she would not be pulled into a conflict with russia ; she [got] a special declaration that the treaty was not directed against england ; finally , the association proved that italy was a great power .

The colours used for fresco painting were for the most part easily obtained : red ochre , yellow ochre , black ( either from charred bone or from carbonaceous shale ) and blue ( from a copper-tinted glass ) .
the colours used for fresco painting were for the most part easily [got] : red ochre , yellow ochre , black ( either from charred bone or from carbonaceous shale ) and blue ( from a copper-tinted glass ) .

If the reflective clarity about knowledge that we desire can be obtained , it can be obtained naturalistically .
if the reflective clarity about knowledge that we desire can be [got] , it can be [got] naturalistically .

By asking what conditions would have obtained if particular individuals had behaved differently , they have aimed to give a clearer analysis both of the defining characteristics of holism , and of its relations to individualism .
by asking what conditions would have [got] if particular individuals had behaved differently , they have aimed to give a clearer analysis both of the defining characteristics of holism , and of its relations to individualism .

Even within this explanatory framework , little useful understanding will be obtained without first studying the problem at many different levels .
even within this explanatory framework , little useful understanding will be [got] without first studying the problem at many different levels .

There is evidence that both animals and humans prefer predictable rather than unpredictable reactions even when predictability is obtained from a very unpleasant experience .
there is evidence that both animals and humans prefer predictable rather than unpredictable reactions even when predictability is [got] from a very unpleasant experience .

Further details can be obtained from : , , .
further details can be [got] from : , , .

Follow this with a smoke test , using smoke pellets obtained from a builder 's merchant or specialist shop .
follow this with a smoke test , using smoke pellets [got] from a builder 's merchant or specialist shop .

Trees need moisture in order to maintain their growth , and this is obtained from the surrounding ground through the roots .
trees need moisture in order to maintain their growth , and this is [got] from the surrounding ground through the roots .

Kapok is a natural products obtained from the soft vegetable fibre found inside the pods of the Kapok tree ‘ Ceiba Pentandra ’ which grows in tropical climates .
kapok is a natural products [got] from the soft vegetable fibre found inside the pods of the kapok tree ‘ ceiba pentandra ’ which grows in tropical climates .

They are all objective and easily obtained .
they are all objective and easily [got] .

The information which may be derived from an assessment can be roughly divided into two types : first , there is the information which is obtained from the assessment procedures and , second , there is the interpretation which is placed on this information .
the information which may be derived from an assessment can be roughly divided into two types : first , there is the information which is [got] from the assessment procedures and , second , there is the interpretation which is placed on this information .

For example , in terms of the discussion in the preceding section , a diagnosis is an interpretation of the evidence obtained from the assessment .
for example , in terms of the discussion in the preceding section , a diagnosis is an interpretation of the evidence [got] from the assessment .

Once again , it may be helpful to distinguish between objective evidence obtained from an assessment and the conclusions which are drawn from this .
once again , it may be helpful to distinguish between objective evidence [got] from an assessment and the conclusions which are drawn from this .

Since children vary with respect to the ages at which they demonstrate any particular behaviour , norms represent an ‘ average ’ obtained from an examination of the developmental changes occurring in a large number of children .
since children vary with respect to the ages at which they demonstrate any particular behaviour , norms represent an ‘ average ’ [got] from an examination of the developmental changes occurring in a large number of children .

This will ensure that a relatively good recording of the child 's language will be obtained , together with a fair amount of the language of the other people .
this will ensure that a relatively good recording of the child 's language will be [got] , together with a fair amount of the language of the other people .

This procedure was first introduced by Crystal and his associates in 1976 to provide a structure for the analysis of spontaneous speech transcripts obtained from either children or adults .
this procedure was first introduced by crystal and his associates in 1976 to provide a structure for the analysis of spontaneous speech transcripts [got] from either children or adults .

In addition to employing specific elicitation procedures , some tests seek to quantify the data obtained so that numerical comparisons can be made between individuals and with respect to the same individual at different points in time .
in addition to employing specific elicitation procedures , some tests seek to quantify the data [got] so that numerical comparisons can be made between individuals and with respect to the same individual at different points in time .

Many tests develop a system of numerical scoring which makes it possible to make precise comparisons between the scores obtained by different individuals .
many tests develop a system of numerical scoring which makes it possible to make precise comparisons between the scores [got] by different individuals .

Fourth , providing the standard deviation of the test scale is known , it is relatively easy to estimate the extent to which a child 's score is extreme ( either high or low ) in relation to the scores obtained by the standardisation sample , and therefore the extent to which further testing and possible intervention is appropriate .
fourth , providing the standard deviation of the test scale is known , it is relatively easy to estimate the extent to which a child 's score is extreme ( either high or low ) in relation to the scores [got] by the standardisation sample , and therefore the extent to which further testing and possible intervention is appropriate .

External reliability can be measured by comparing the test scores obtained by one tester working with the same group of children on two separate occasions separated by a short time interval .
external reliability can be measured by comparing the test scores [got] by one tester working with the same group of children on two separate occasions separated by a short time interval .

Another way of measuring external reliability is to compare the scores obtained by different testers working with the same group of children .
another way of measuring external reliability is to compare the scores [got] by different testers working with the same group of children .

An alternative to concurrent validity involves comparing a test score at one point in time with another measure of language performance obtained sometime subsequently .
an alternative to concurrent validity involves comparing a test score at one point in time with another measure of language performance [got] sometime subsequently .

In addition to the information with respect to reliability and validity , McCauley and Swisher ( 1984 ) suggest that , for the proper interpretation of test scores , the test user must have information regarding the spread of scores obtained from the standardisation sample .
in addition to the information with respect to reliability and validity , mccauley and swisher ( 1984 ) suggest that , for the proper interpretation of test scores , the test user must have information regarding the spread of scores [got] from the standardisation sample .

This can only be evaluated with respect to the distribution of scores obtained by the standardisation sample ( see Figure 8.2 ) .
this can only be evaluated with respect to the distribution of scores [got] by the standardisation sample ( see figure 8.2 ) .

The British standardised scales were obtained by giving 424 test items to 1,401 subjects aged 2 years to 16 years .
the british standardised scales were [got] by giving 424 test items to 1,401 subjects aged 2 years to 16 years .

It is suggested that each subtest is scored separately and no overall test score is obtained .
it is suggested that each subtest is scored separately and no overall test score is [got] .

The test 's revised norms are based on test scores obtained from 1,003 American children aged between 3 and 10 years .
the test 's revised norms are based on test scores [got] from 1,003 american children aged between 3 and 10 years .

Separate figures can be obtained for expressive and comprehension scales .
separate figures can be [got] for expressive and comprehension scales .

The standard errors of measurement for many of the subtests are also unacceptably high , indicating that obtained scores might vary considerably from ‘ real ’ scores .
the standard errors of measurement for many of the subtests are also unacceptably high , indicating that [got] scores might vary considerably from ‘ real ’ scores .

If the test has not been shown to be reliable in empirical studies , then there is no guarantee that any information obtained by using the test will provide an accurate reflection of any child 's ability .
if the test has not been shown to be reliable in empirical studies , then there is no guarantee that any information [got] by using the test will provide an accurate reflection of any child 's ability .

In addition , since no test is completely accurate ( that is , all tests have a reliability co-efficient of less than 1 ) , it is desirable to have information regarding the level of confidence which a test user can have in any obtained score .
in addition , since no test is completely accurate ( that is , all tests have a reliability co-efficient of less than 1 ) , it is desirable to have information regarding the level of confidence which a test user can have in any [got] score .

This is usually given in the form of the probability that any obtained score will be within a given range of the true score .
this is usually given in the form of the probability that any [got] score will be within a given range of the true score .

The tapes — genuine or imitation — can be obtained by mail or by strolling into the X-rated video stores of urban America .
the tapes — genuine or imitation — can be [got] by mail or by strolling into the x-rated video stores of urban america .

Another very firm edge can be obtained by knitting a ‘ cord ’ or roll at each edge ( see Diagram 2 ) .
another very firm edge can be [got] by knitting a ‘ cord ’ or roll at each edge ( see diagram 2 ) .

Not to worry , even without an extra mast , quite good results can be obtained by hand feeding the additional yarns .
not to worry , even without an extra mast , quite good results can be [got] by hand feeding the additional yarns .

All British aquatic clubs are eligible to receive the questions and answers with prizes for the highest points obtained .
all british aquatic clubs are eligible to receive the questions and answers with prizes for the highest points [got] .

By using test-kits and keeping a record of the readings obtained you also build-up and invaluable data bank for future reference .
by using test-kits and keeping a record of the readings [got] you also build-up and invaluable data bank for future reference .

The greater flexibility obtained through the dynamic power of lazy evaluation using data-base technology is not the only advantage in this area .
the greater flexibility [got] through the dynamic power of lazy evaluation using data-base technology is not the only advantage in this area .

This was obtained by removing the forward and aft cockpits , leaving only the centre cockpit which contained enough room for pilot and navigator .
this was [got] by removing the forward and aft cockpits , leaving only the centre cockpit which contained enough room for pilot and navigator .

We have obtained a photograph of Lt Ferris , the serial number of his aircraft and its name .
we have [got] a photograph of lt ferris , the serial number of his aircraft and its name .

There are also the more complicated fabrics that can be obtained from Cards 17 , 18 , 19 and 20 .
there are also the more complicated fabrics that can be [got] from cards 17 , 18 , 19 and 20 .

Some of this shorthand you must input , such as the swatch measurement obtained by you for the yarn you are using .
some of this shorthand you must input , such as the swatch measurement [got] by you for the yarn you are using .

Mark Richardson obtained expensive cars and booked Caribbean holidays .
mark richardson [got] expensive cars and booked caribbean holidays .

She had already obtained a legal separation from her mother , claiming she was being used as a nursemaid for the baby in the family .
she had already [got] a legal separation from her mother , claiming she was being used as a nursemaid for the baby in the family .

Local authority revenue could be obtained through either a local income tax and/or a local sales tax — in other words , through methods similar to those used in raising central government revenues .
local authority revenue could be [got] through either a local income tax and/or a local sales tax — in other words , through methods similar to those used in raising central government revenues .

He took up writing opera libretti , and came to Vienna around 1780 , where he obtained a court appointment .
he took up writing opera libretti , and came to vienna around 1780 , where he [got] a court appointment .

The neutron flux so far obtained is insufficient to attain the desired accuracy of measurement .
the neutron flux so far [got] is insufficient to attain the desired accuracy of measurement .

Frank came up with his idea of muonic atoms and the consequent possibility of cold fusion as the result of a picture of the cosmic particles that the Bristol physicists had obtained .
frank came up with his idea of muonic atoms and the consequent possibility of cold fusion as the result of a picture of the cosmic particles that the bristol physicists had [got] .

First he notes that as the gamma ray detector was easiest to set up they started with that but , as before , obtained only inconclusive results .
first he notes that as the gamma ray detector was easiest to set up they started with that but , as before , [got] only inconclusive results .

Fleischmann graduated in 1948 and began to study for his doctorate in chemistry which he obtained in 1951 .
fleischmann graduated in 1948 and began to study for his doctorate in chemistry which he [got] in 1951 .

He bought groceries to last him the week , then popped next door to the frame shop to pick up the stainless steel frame he 'd ordered for a James Barker black and white print he 'd obtained in an auction some weeks before .
he bought groceries to last him the week , then popped next door to the frame shop to pick up the stainless steel frame he 'd ordered for a james barker black and white print he 'd [got] in an auction some weeks before .

The van had been stolen the day before , resprayed a nondescript grey overnight and fitted with false numberplates obtained from two separate sources .
the van had been stolen the day before , resprayed a nondescript grey overnight and fitted with false numberplates [got] from two separate sources .

‘ Thus is obtained the combination of good sporting hazards with long stretches of very fine turf . ’
‘ thus is [got] the combination of good sporting hazards with long stretches of very fine turf . ’

Documents we have obtained show that one contract for the extension to the London Underground Jubilee Line is to go to a German firm , even though a British company is desperate for the work .
documents we have [got] show that one contract for the extension to the london underground jubilee line is to go to a german firm , even though a british company is desperate for the work .

The game has its fair share of power-ups and bonuses , which are generally obtained by smashing a jewel to bits and reaping the winnings .
the game has its fair share of power-ups and bonuses , which are generally [got] by smashing a jewel to bits and reaping the winnings .

In such circumstances , the counsellor will often find that invaluable help and information can be obtained from relatives and friends , who may have been aware of the personal circumstances , but perhaps unaware of their full significance at the time .
in such circumstances , the counsellor will often find that invaluable help and information can be [got] from relatives and friends , who may have been aware of the personal circumstances , but perhaps unaware of their full significance at the time .

The counsellor should become fully acquainted with as much relevant knowledge and information in as many professional spheres as possible , and use that knowledge in an attempt to ensure that the best possible treatment and care for the counsellee is obtained .
the counsellor should become fully acquainted with as much relevant knowledge and information in as many professional spheres as possible , and use that knowledge in an attempt to ensure that the best possible treatment and care for the counsellee is [got] .

The Dogon were aware that the planet Saturn had rings and that the planet Jupiter had four moons , which are pieces of information that can not be obtained without the use of a telescope — an artefact the Dogon have yet to discover .
the dogon were aware that the planet saturn had rings and that the planet jupiter had four moons , which are pieces of information that can not be [got] without the use of a telescope — an artefact the dogon have yet to discover .

There are many suitable flowers and pieces of foliage that can be obtained from florists .
there are many suitable flowers and pieces of foliage that can be [got] from florists .

Presses are easily obtained from a great many shops and are not very expensive , although if you wish you can make your own , or ask a handy friend to help out if you are not very practical .
presses are easily [got] from a great many shops and are not very expensive , although if you wish you can make your own , or ask a handy friend to help out if you are not very practical .

Having obtained your two pieces of wood , place them one on top of the other , ensuring that they are exactly square , and tape or clamp them securely together .
having [got] your two pieces of wood , place them one on top of the other , ensuring that they are exactly square , and tape or clamp them securely together .

‘ in respect of which no test certificate had been issued within 12 months prior to … day of … 19 … ’ As with other documents which can be obtained at a large number of different places , the onus to show that the vehicle had a current test certificate rests on the defendant .
‘ in respect of which no test certificate had been issued within 12 months prior to … day of … 19 … ’ as with other documents which can be [got] at a large number of different places , the onus to show that the vehicle had a current test certificate rests on the defendant .

One exception to this requirement is when a view to the front can be obtained without first looking through the windscreen .
one exception to this requirement is when a view to the front can be [got] without first looking through the windscreen .

But this is the general position and in vehicles like Minis it could be argued that such a view can be obtained when only the wiper in front of the driver works , therefore each vehicle must be dealt with separately .
but this is the general position and in vehicles like minis it could be argued that such a view can be [got] when only the wiper in front of the driver works , therefore each vehicle must be dealt with separately .

Regulation 34 ( 1 ) states that if a view to the front can be obtained without looking through the windscreen , wipers are not required .
regulation 34 ( 1 ) states that if a view to the front can be [got] without looking through the windscreen , wipers are not required .

Better proof would be obtained by taking statements from the ‘ other ’ person(s) to say what they saw or heard .
better proof would be [got] by taking statements from the ‘ other ’ person(s) to say what they saw or heard .

‘ for your own use ( or for the use of … ) ’ Means that a ‘ use ’ must be obtained .
‘ for your own use ( or for the use of … ) ’ means that a ‘ use ’ must be [got] .

‘ did without having the consent of the owner or other lawful authority ’ When the complainant 's statement is obtained it should include the point that the person concerned had not got his ( the owner 's ) consent to take the conveyance .
‘ did without having the consent of the owner or other lawful authority ’ when the complainant 's statement is [got] it should include the point that the person concerned had not got his ( the owner 's ) consent to take the conveyance .

Number obtained .
number [got] .

It is to this property that thermoplastics owe a good deal of their commercial success although , as we have seen , toughness is obtained at the price of very considerable loss of stiffness .
it is to this property that thermoplastics owe a good deal of their commercial success although , as we have seen , toughness is [got] at the price of very considerable loss of stiffness .

As regards the third condition , can it be established that the provision of a company car for the company secretary is the normal commercial practice within that trade ? Can evidence from friends/competitors within the trade be obtained in order to promote the case ?
as regards the third condition , can it be established that the provision of a company car for the company secretary is the normal commercial practice within that trade ? can evidence from friends/competitors within the trade be [got] in order to promote the case ?

The date of the resolution would be the date on which the decision of the last board member to be contacted was obtained .
the date of the resolution would be the date on which the decision of the last board member to be contacted was [got] .

‘ Information obtained during the course of this year 's audit has caused us to seek direct confirmation of the beneficial ownership of this shareholding , ’ say the auditors .
‘ information [got] during the course of this year 's audit has caused us to seek direct confirmation of the beneficial ownership of this shareholding , ’ say the auditors .

Twenty-eight companies have already obtained shareholder approval to move their stock into Taurus , the new paperless share transfer and registration system , when it is phased in from mid-1993 .
twenty-eight companies have already [got] shareholder approval to move their stock into taurus , the new paperless share transfer and registration system , when it is phased in from mid-1993 .

The Mayas , Aztecs and Toltecs attributed the source of all ‘ light ’ ( spiritual and mental ) to the Great Serpent in keeping with the Christian Bible where knowledge , due to the Serpent , was obtained .
the mayas , aztecs and toltecs attributed the source of all ‘ light ’ ( spiritual and mental ) to the great serpent in keeping with the christian bible where knowledge , due to the serpent , was [got] .

Photographic evidence confirming the existence of acupuncture meridians corresponding to the ancient , traditional model has recently been obtained by a research team at the Necker Hospital , Paris , France .
photographic evidence confirming the existence of acupuncture meridians corresponding to the ancient , traditional model has recently been [got] by a research team at the necker hospital , paris , france .

This knowledge once obtained and understood cancels out the need for re-birth or re-incarnation into the school of life .
this knowledge once [got] and understood cancels out the need for re-birth or re-incarnation into the school of life .

The Second Law states that the amount of energy obtained from a system is always less than the amount absorbed , so it eventually ‘ runs out of steam ’ .
the second law states that the amount of energy [got] from a system is always less than the amount absorbed , so it eventually ‘ runs out of steam ’ .

‘ Accountability is an examination or assessment of how well responsibilities have been carried out in terms of results that have actually been obtained and the efficiency with which they were achieved .
‘ accountability is an examination or assessment of how well responsibilities have been carried out in terms of results that have actually been [got] and the efficiency with which they were achieved .

The destructiveness is , so to speak , specialized or selectively directed , and a net ‘ product ’ is obtained ’
the destructiveness is , so to speak , specialized or selectively directed , and a net ‘ product ’ is [got] ’

The Assistant Government Agent at Matara agreed that the establishment of village tribunals had led to a decrease in the number of police court cases , but asked ‘ what good end is obtained by merely removing the scene of litigation from one set of courts to another , and doubling the amount of litigation in the process , and how it is supposed that by increasing litigation twofold the peace and harmony of the district is secured , and litigation robbed of all the rancour and bad feelings it engenders in the ordinary courts ?
the assistant government agent at matara agreed that the establishment of village tribunals had led to a decrease in the number of police court cases , but asked ‘ what good end is [got] by merely removing the scene of litigation from one set of courts to another , and doubling the amount of litigation in the process , and how it is supposed that by increasing litigation twofold the peace and harmony of the district is secured , and litigation robbed of all the rancour and bad feelings it engenders in the ordinary courts ?

The proclamation under which the conviction had been obtained specified that in order to constitute an offence such an action had to be carried out ‘ without the authority of a competent Magistrate ’ .
the proclamation under which the conviction had been [got] specified that in order to constitute an offence such an action had to be carried out ‘ without the authority of a competent magistrate ’ .

Thomas Skinner , an able government employee , wrote in 1849 that witnesses could ‘ be obtained for evidence of any character .
thomas skinner , an able government employee , wrote in 1849 that witnesses could ‘ be [got] for evidence of any character .

Just as the requirements of different spirits varied , so different results were obtained depending on the magistrate , judge or jury .
just as the requirements of different spirits varied , so different results were [got] depending on the magistrate , judge or jury .

Peasants also sought and obtained employment in the cash economy , often on a seasonal basis .
peasants also sought and [got] employment in the cash economy , often on a seasonal basis .

It then became a part of Lewisham , but obtained a separate entity as an Urban District on the 15 May 1900 .
it then became a part of lewisham , but [got] a separate entity as an urban district on the 15 may 1900 .

Having obtained legal powers to build itself a tramway system , Croydon Rural District Council then discovered that legislation at that time made no provision for a Rural District Council to own , operate , or perhaps more important , to raise the necessary finance to construct a tramway system .
having [got] legal powers to build itself a tramway system , croydon rural district council then discovered that legislation at that time made no provision for a rural district council to own , operate , or perhaps more important , to raise the necessary finance to construct a tramway system .

On 7 April 1906 it was announced that current could now be obtained from the Beckenham Power Station and that guard wires as required by the Post Office had now been fixed near Penge entrance to the Crystal Palace .
on 7 april 1906 it was announced that current could now be [got] from the beckenham power station and that guard wires as required by the post office had now been fixed near penge entrance to the crystal palace .

Flushed with the success of his trolleybus venture in the Kingston area of the London United Tramways , Mr. Spencer obtained permission in July 1932 to apply for powers to run trolleybuses on the Sutton route of the South Metropolitan company , so that he could implement the third item of the proposals put forward in 1931 .
flushed with the success of his trolleybus venture in the kingston area of the london united tramways , mr. spencer [got] permission in july 1932 to apply for powers to run trolleybuses on the sutton route of the south metropolitan company , so that he could implement the third item of the proposals put forward in 1931 .

That opportunity arose sooner than expected in the Autumn of 1927 , when twelve cars were obtained in good condition from Croydon Corporation .
that opportunity arose sooner than expected in the autumn of 1927 , when twelve cars were [got] in good condition from croydon corporation .

This is because this information will be easily obtained by adding the dividends and any other amount of profit appropriated in respect of non-equity shares .
this is because this information will be easily [got] by adding the dividends and any other amount of profit appropriated in respect of non-equity shares .

As this disclosure is only required where the market value can be readily obtained , the costs to preparers should be small .
as this disclosure is only required where the market value can be readily [got] , the costs to preparers should be small .

Where the market value of a class of debt security or non-equity shares can be readily obtained , the value at the balance sheet date and the carrying value should be disclosed .
where the market value of a class of debt security or non-equity shares can be readily [got] , the value at the balance sheet date and the carrying value should be disclosed .

She had lived in Durban since February and obtained a residents ' permit two months ago .
she had lived in durban since february and [got] a residents ' permit two months ago .

These are obtained from leaves , flowers , bark , seeds and roots ; usually the liquid is extracted by distillation .
these are [got] from leaves , flowers , bark , seeds and roots ; usually the liquid is extracted by distillation .

Details of the 1992 International Challenge ( November 26–December 3 ) can be obtained from
details of the 1992 international challenge ( november 26–december 3 ) can be [got] from

Copyright-cleared background music recordings can be obtained by mail order , and the addresses to contact are to be found in the relevant hobby magazines .
copyright-cleared background music recordings can be [got] by mail order , and the addresses to contact are to be found in the relevant hobby magazines .

The most sophisticated and flexible type of tone control is the graphic equaliser , a facility which can be obtained either in the form of a free-standing unit or built into amplifiers .
the most sophisticated and flexible type of tone control is the graphic equaliser , a facility which can be [got] either in the form of a free-standing unit or built into amplifiers .

Having corresponded with the member or members concerned , the committee looks at the facts it has obtained and expresses a technical opinion , which it may follow up in various ways .
having corresponded with the member or members concerned , the committee looks at the facts it has [got] and expresses a technical opinion , which it may follow up in various ways .

Even if a relatively highly geared mortgage can be obtained , the cost of indemnity insurance on such mortgages has doubled or even tripled since the boom .
even if a relatively highly geared mortgage can be [got] , the cost of indemnity insurance on such mortgages has doubled or even tripled since the boom .

The company ought therefore to be able to form a reasonable view on the price obtained .
the company ought therefore to be able to form a reasonable view on the price [got] .

As the game appeared to be continuing quite happily without our help we discussed the case and agreed a settlement subject to the client 's approval , which was quickly obtained .
as the game appeared to be continuing quite happily without our help we discussed the case and agreed a settlement subject to the client 's approval , which was quickly [got] .

‘ Being a charity , we had obtained sponsorship and we wanted to see how the professionals regarded it .
‘ being a charity , we had [got] sponsorship and we wanted to see how the professionals regarded it .

Details of the various pricing levels can be obtained from Britannia Software plc on 081–694 9494 .
details of the various pricing levels can be [got] from britannia software plc on 081–694 9494 .

To attract international investment , the Cook Islands have recently obtained permission from the Hong Kong stock exchange to allow offshore companies incorporated there to be listed on the exchange in Hong Kong .
to attract international investment , the cook islands have recently [got] permission from the hong kong stock exchange to allow offshore companies incorporated there to be listed on the exchange in hong kong .

It should never be forgotten that it is not only by using trusts or companies in tax havens that fiscal advantages may be obtained .
it should never be forgotten that it is not only by using trusts or companies in tax havens that fiscal advantages may be [got] .

By 4pm on Tuesday the Sun had obtained the full contents of the speech from a mystery informant .
by 4pm on tuesday the sun had [got] the full contents of the speech from a mystery informant .

For the time being , rollover relief may still be obtained by one trading company in a group , even when the replacement asset is acquired by another trading member of the same group ( p 105 )
for the time being , rollover relief may still be [got] by one trading company in a group , even when the replacement asset is acquired by another trading member of the same group ( p 105 )

And unless the right information is obtained , and used , the decision process will be ill-informed and laborious , opportunities will be missed , and profits will be lower .
and unless the right information is [got] , and used , the decision process will be ill-informed and laborious , opportunities will be missed , and profits will be lower .

Rates of interest offered to investors by building societies are coming down and in some cases are now below what can be obtained elsewhere .
rates of interest offered to investors by building societies are coming down and in some cases are now below what can be [got] elsewhere .

we have obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief are necessary for the purpose of our audit . en
we have [got] all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief are necessary for the purpose of our audit . en

Rollover relief may be obtained by one trading company in a group , even when the replacement asset is acquired by another trading member of the same group .
rollover relief may be [got] by one trading company in a group , even when the replacement asset is acquired by another trading member of the same group .

Thus the Berg judgment supports para 3 of the Auditing Guideline , Representations by Management , which states that having obtained written representations , the auditors must still decide whether they have sufficient evidence to support an unqualified opinion .
thus the berg judgment supports para 3 of the auditing guideline , representations by management , which states that having [got] written representations , the auditors must still decide whether they have sufficient evidence to support an unqualified opinion .

Our estimate of the percentage of multiparasitized nests containing more than one egg of the same female at Guadix is close to that given by Soler , but significantly lower than that obtained at Santa Fe ( Table 1 ) .
our estimate of the percentage of multiparasitized nests containing more than one egg of the same female at guadix is close to that given by soler , but significantly lower than that [got] at santa fe ( table 1 ) .

2 a we plot with higher time resolution the residuals obtained from all our observations in the first 15 days after the glitch ; as in Fig .
2 a we plot with higher time resolution the residuals [got] from all our observations in the first 15 days after the glitch ; as in fig .

The values , obtained by a best-fitting process , are accurate to 10 % .
the values , [got] by a best-fitting process , are accurate to 10 % .

They are , however , not completely independent of each other ; for example , satisfactory fits can be obtained with time constants between 16 days and 20 days for the main recovery component , with small adjustments to the other values .
they are , however , not completely independent of each other ; for example , satisfactory fits can be [got] with time constants between 16 days and 20 days for the main recovery component , with small adjustments to the other values .

Other equally valid fits might also be obtained by allowing the 18-day decay to depart from a pure exponential ; it would then be possible , for example , to obtain a solution in which the two asymptotic increases account for the whole of the increase in rotation rate .
other equally valid fits might also be [got] by allowing the 18-day decay to depart from a pure exponential ; it would then be possible , for example , to obtain a solution in which the two asymptotic increases account for the whole of the increase in rotation rate .

This is consistent with the quantal size of 280μV obtained from the histogram of evoked responses shown in c .
this is consistent with the quantal size of 280μv [got] from the histogram of evoked responses shown in c .

Recent results obtained by expressing a variety of G-protein-coupled receptors in cultured mammalian cells suggest that this may be the case .
recent results [got] by expressing a variety of g-protein-coupled receptors in cultured mammalian cells suggest that this may be the case .

The results obtained fall into two categories , depending on the potassium precoverage .
the results [got] fall into two categories , depending on the potassium precoverage .

We now combine greenhouse and solar forcing to determine whether a better fit between modelled and observed temperature can be obtained by including the solar component .
we now combine greenhouse and solar forcing to determine whether a better fit between modelled and observed temperature can be [got] by including the solar component .

Of particular importance is the result obtained in p un / p un skin .
of particular importance is the result [got] in p un / p un skin .

For the term obtained from equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , in the real image term of equation ( 6 ) , if r is not equal to a substrate atom position β i in a transform , the summations give rise to a small value because the scattering factors and the exponents are oscillating complex functions in the transform ; when r is equal to tend to cancel out the scattering path length contributions and the scattering factors to unity , and summations should produce a large value .
for the term [got] from equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , in the real image term of equation ( 6 ) , if r is not equal to a substrate atom position β i in a transform , the summations give rise to a small value because the scattering factors and the exponents are oscillating complex functions in the transform ; when r is equal to tend to cancel out the scattering path length contributions and the scattering factors to unity , and summations should produce a large value .

Although the masses m of the two objects can not be determined uniquely , some information can be obtained from the mass function , calculated from only two observables , the projected pulsar semi-major axis a p sin i , and the orbital period , where subscripts p and c refer to the pulsar and companion respectively and i is the unknown inclination angle of the orbit to the plane of the sky .
although the masses m of the two objects can not be determined uniquely , some information can be [got] from the mass function , calculated from only two observables , the projected pulsar semi-major axis a p sin i , and the orbital period , where subscripts p and c refer to the pulsar and companion respectively and i is the unknown inclination angle of the orbit to the plane of the sky .

The paraconductivity , ' , is obtained by subtracting the extrapolated normal-state conductivity n from the measured conductivity .
the paraconductivity , ' , is [got] by subtracting the extrapolated normal-state conductivity n from the measured conductivity .

ApoR2 was obtained by treating native protein with strong chelators under slightly denaturing conditions .
apor2 was [got] by treating native protein with strong chelators under slightly denaturing conditions .

ApoR2 can also be directly obtained from overproduction of the protein in bacteria under limited-iron conditions .
apor2 can also be directly [got] from overproduction of the protein in bacteria under limited-iron conditions .

The photometric evidence results from an analysis of the near-infrared emission obtained from a Japanese balloon-borne telescope launched nearly a decade ago .
the photometric evidence results from an analysis of the near-infrared emission [got] from a japanese balloon-borne telescope launched nearly a decade ago .

Pulse profiles obtained at the three observing frequencies ( Fig .
pulse profiles [got] at the three observing frequencies ( fig .

But insofar as legislation is the way to improve them , which is an open question , the conditions are quite different from those that obtained in 1954 .
but insofar as legislation is the way to improve them , which is an open question , the conditions are quite different from those that [got] in 1954 .

Such passages ( at least outside the Constitution on the Liturgy ) are remarkably rare , but there are a few which called for and obtained almost immediate implementation in a way that introduced significant new dimensions into Church life .
such passages ( at least outside the constitution on the liturgy ) are remarkably rare , but there are a few which called for and [got] almost immediate implementation in a way that introduced significant new dimensions into church life .

Small wonder so little value has been obtained , despite the substantial increase in resources .
small wonder so little value has been [got] , despite the substantial increase in resources .

In their first scene together , where Fluellen begins with a feeling of respect for Pistol 's bravery at the bridge ( how obtained we know not ) , they dispute about the iconography of the goddess Fortune , Pistol in verse , Fluellen in prose , more coherently ( III.vi.20–60 ) .
in their first scene together , where fluellen begins with a feeling of respect for pistol 's bravery at the bridge ( how [got] we know not ) , they dispute about the iconography of the goddess fortune , pistol in verse , fluellen in prose , more coherently ( iii.vi.20–60 ) .

Politicians who hoped to secure the representation of a burgh district were unlikely to succeed , or , if by some aberration a victory could be obtained , to retain the seat , without satisfying the demands of the burgh oligarchies , whose ambitions were rarely modest .
politicians who hoped to secure the representation of a burgh district were unlikely to succeed , or , if by some aberration a victory could be [got] , to retain the seat , without satisfying the demands of the burgh oligarchies , whose ambitions were rarely modest .

Almost all freeholders would have taken strong exception to the suggestion that their support had been purchased , and this was as true of those gentlemen who had recently obtained posts for themselves or their sons as it was for those who had been less fortunate .
almost all freeholders would have taken strong exception to the suggestion that their support had been purchased , and this was as true of those gentlemen who had recently [got] posts for themselves or their sons as it was for those who had been less fortunate .

In an age in which almost every worthwhile appointment likely to attract a gentleman could be obtained only through political interest , true independence was a luxury for a few wealthy bachelors without close kin , and politicians were expected to satisfy their constituents ' needs .
in an age in which almost every worthwhile appointment likely to attract a gentleman could be [got] only through political interest , true independence was a luxury for a few wealthy bachelors without close kin , and politicians were expected to satisfy their constituents ' needs .

Henry Erskine 's correspondents could have added to their list several other varieties of revenue officer , judicial appointments , university chairs , first appointments in the army or the navy , and where these could be obtained without purchase , advancement in rank in these services , Indian and colonial patronage , and much more .
henry erskine 's correspondents could have added to their list several other varieties of revenue officer , judicial appointments , university chairs , first appointments in the army or the navy , and where these could be [got] without purchase , advancement in rank in these services , indian and colonial patronage , and much more .

Government offices were obtained through the intervention of a great man , a man of influence , and a job-seeker without such connections had virtually no chance of success in his quest .
government offices were [got] through the intervention of a great man , a man of influence , and a job-seeker without such connections had virtually no chance of success in his quest .

Under normal circumstances small favours of this type could be obtained by a politician with government connections , and it was only circumstances of a temporary nature which made job provision difficult for Scots politicians , such as the effective block which appeared in 1737 following the lynching of an officer of the City Guard of Edinburgh , when as a writer remarked , the hanging of Captain Porteous ‘ sticks vastly in his majesties stomach and has been a great detriment to our countray-men in getting any thing done ’ .
under normal circumstances small favours of this type could be [got] by a politician with government connections , and it was only circumstances of a temporary nature which made job provision difficult for scots politicians , such as the effective block which appeared in 1737 following the lynching of an officer of the city guard of edinburgh , when as a writer remarked , the hanging of captain porteous ‘ sticks vastly in his majesties stomach and has been a great detriment to our countray-men in getting any thing done ’ .

MacLachlan , moreover , was not averse to seeking further advantages for himself , for while acknowledging Milton 's assistance in getting him a tack of two farms in Morvern for nineteen years , which would scarcely appear to be a short lease , he complained that he had been informed that other tenants had obtained tacks of three times the length of that which he had from the Duke of Argyll , urging that he could ‘ be as usefull as any in that Countrey by introduceing a cheap method of improvement and otherwise ’ .
maclachlan , moreover , was not averse to seeking further advantages for himself , for while acknowledging milton 's assistance in getting him a tack of two farms in morvern for nineteen years , which would scarcely appear to be a short lease , he complained that he had been informed that other tenants had [got] tacks of three times the length of that which he had from the duke of argyll , urging that he could ‘ be as usefull as any in that countrey by introduceing a cheap method of improvement and otherwise ’ .

The major tool of management was always employment , for it was only through interest that anything worthwhile could be obtained , for even appointments in mercantile houses at home or abroad could often only be obtained through interest , while all appointments in government service were patronage appointments , in fact if not always in theory .
the major tool of management was always employment , for it was only through interest that anything worthwhile could be [got] , for even appointments in mercantile houses at home or abroad could often only be [got] through interest , while all appointments in government service were patronage appointments , in fact if not always in theory .

Accelerated promotion in an East Indiaman was only to be obtained through political or family interest , such as that exerted by the Earl of Findlater upon James Oswald of Dunnikier .
accelerated promotion in an east indiaman was only to be [got] through political or family interest , such as that exerted by the earl of findlater upon james oswald of dunnikier .

Employment was more easily lost than obtained in the eighteenth century , for supervisors with power of removal over their subordinates rarely had much inclination to investigate the accuracy of an accusation against one of their officers , if that charge was brought with the support of a man of political influence who might harm his own career if thwarted .
employment was more easily lost than [got] in the eighteenth century , for supervisors with power of removal over their subordinates rarely had much inclination to investigate the accuracy of an accusation against one of their officers , if that charge was brought with the support of a man of political influence who might harm his own career if thwarted .

Whether the men had truly neglected their duties is unknown , though in view of the social norms of the period the drinking must have been heavy indeed to have been called ‘ excessive ’ , but employment in government service , even when obtained , was never easy to retain , and the chance of doing so was greatly enhanced by a wise choice of political friends .
whether the men had truly neglected their duties is unknown , though in view of the social norms of the period the drinking must have been heavy indeed to have been called ‘ excessive ’ , but employment in government service , even when [got] , was never easy to retain , and the chance of doing so was greatly enhanced by a wise choice of political friends .

Many men who obtained small posts as excisemen were not themselves members of a burgh council , but it would be unusual to find revenue officers in Scottish towns without close political links with men who mattered in the politics of burgh or county .
many men who [got] small posts as excisemen were not themselves members of a burgh council , but it would be unusual to find revenue officers in scottish towns without close political links with men who mattered in the politics of burgh or county .

First commissions could be obtained through political interest , and this would appear to have been the situation of Philip Hay , whom Admiral Lord Keith managed to place in the 11th Foot as an ensign on the strength of imaginary past service , though his patron remarked that ‘ if his father can not get at old General Grant or Lady Sutherland he may not be confirmed .
first commissions could be [got] through political interest , and this would appear to have been the situation of philip hay , whom admiral lord keith managed to place in the 11th foot as an ensign on the strength of imaginary past service , though his patron remarked that ‘ if his father can not get at old general grant or lady sutherland he may not be confirmed .

Friends found leave to attend an election easily obtained , while enemies of the powerful would find their services in great demand with their regiments , at least until a vital election had taken place .
friends found leave to attend an election easily [got] , while enemies of the powerful would find their services in great demand with their regiments , at least until a vital election had taken place .

Earl St. Vincent , for example , writing in 1801 , remarked that ‘ the list of lieutenants abounds with improper persons who have obtained promotions by influence ’ .
earl st. vincent , for example , writing in 1801 , remarked that ‘ the list of lieutenants abounds with improper persons who have [got] promotions by influence ’ .

The difficulty of using this form of patronage whose scarcity could give offence to those who were unlucky is illustrated by the difficulties of the Duke of Montrose and his son , Lord George Graham , in 1739–40 , when Lord George , who hoped to combine a career as a naval officer with membership in the House of Commons , first obtained command of a ship , and was thus enabled to offer places in the line of command to the sons of freeholders in the area of Montrose influence in central Scotland .
the difficulty of using this form of patronage whose scarcity could give offence to those who were unlucky is illustrated by the difficulties of the duke of montrose and his son , lord george graham , in 1739–40 , when lord george , who hoped to combine a career as a naval officer with membership in the house of commons , first [got] command of a ship , and was thus enabled to offer places in the line of command to the sons of freeholders in the area of montrose influence in central scotland .

Before Lord George obtained this command , however , his inability to render the services expected of him by some of the family 's political friends was a liability , and was seen as such by Montrose , who wrote with some anxiety to deny allegations that the son of another gentleman of the region was serving in Lord George 's ship , but was on board the flagship of the admiral .
before lord george [got] this command , however , his inability to render the services expected of him by some of the family 's political friends was a liability , and was seen as such by montrose , who wrote with some anxiety to deny allegations that the son of another gentleman of the region was serving in lord george 's ship , but was on board the flagship of the admiral .

Officers employed in northern Europe , where much of the navy was inevitably disposed , had little patronage at their disposal , and what they got was obtained only after a battle with the Board of Admiralty .
officers employed in northern europe , where much of the navy was inevitably disposed , had little patronage at their disposal , and what they got was [got] only after a battle with the board of admiralty .

When the Duke of Montrose arranged for his own appointment as bailie of the regality of Glasgow in the winter of 1714/15 , in order to prevent the office from being obtained by his rival the Duke of Argyll , the object was not to make money out of the profits of the court but to increase the duke 's influence in the city of Glasgow .
when the duke of montrose arranged for his own appointment as bailie of the regality of glasgow in the winter of 1714/15 , in order to prevent the office from being [got] by his rival the duke of argyll , the object was not to make money out of the profits of the court but to increase the duke 's influence in the city of glasgow .

The Duke of Montrose ran into this difficulty in 1725 when he obtained a crown presentation for a minister named Smith to serve the parish of Cardross .
the duke of montrose ran into this difficulty in 1725 when he [got] a crown presentation for a minister named smith to serve the parish of cardross .

The formidable Mrs. Mary Campbell of Boquhan , a lady with great influence in the affairs of the town of Stirling , and with equally strong views on the choice of a minister for her parish church , demanded that the king 's presentation should be obtained for Robert Ure , who was the assistant minister of St. Ninian 's parish .
the formidable mrs. mary campbell of boquhan , a lady with great influence in the affairs of the town of stirling , and with equally strong views on the choice of a minister for her parish church , demanded that the king 's presentation should be [got] for robert ure , who was the assistant minister of st. ninian 's parish .

The Minister 's choice was based upon an examination of the Registers of Exchequer , by which it appeared ‘ that the owners of much of the greater part of the property in the district interest themselves for Mr. Lapslie ’ , who accordingly obtained the presentation regardless of the fact that two of Lapslie 's supporters were not members of the Church of Scotland .
the minister 's choice was based upon an examination of the registers of exchequer , by which it appeared ‘ that the owners of much of the greater part of the property in the district interest themselves for mr. lapslie ’ , who accordingly [got] the presentation regardless of the fact that two of lapslie 's supporters were not members of the church of scotland .

However , permission to photograph with tripod in the Chinese Garden is required , and may be obtained from the Manager , who is usually at the location otherwise , permission-seeking may involve a visit to the Harbour Authorities .
however , permission to photograph with tripod in the chinese garden is required , and may be [got] from the manager , who is usually at the location otherwise , permission-seeking may involve a visit to the harbour authorities .

All the parts necessary for the re-erection of the engine machinery have now been obtained .
all the parts necessary for the re-erection of the engine machinery have now been [got] .

Her monochromes , obtained through the superimposition of differing and at times contradictory tonalities , take on their full significance when they are placed , either hung up or leaning on the ground , in a pre-chosen space with controlled lighting .
her monochromes , [got] through the superimposition of differing and at times contradictory tonalities , take on their full significance when they are placed , either hung up or leaning on the ground , in a pre-chosen space with controlled lighting .

Details and prices can be obtained from .
details and prices can be [got] from .

The speech sounds that stimulate these organs are then converted into a neural signal from which a phonetic representation equivalent to the one into which the speaker encoded his message is obtained .
the speech sounds that stimulate these organs are then converted into a neural signal from which a phonetic representation equivalent to the one into which the speaker encoded his message is [got] .

Why then did Anselm not make his support of Henry conditional on concessions for the liberty of the Church comparable to the charter of liberties which the baronage had obtained ?
why then did anselm not make his support of henry conditional on concessions for the liberty of the church comparable to the charter of liberties which the baronage had [got] ?

In worldly terms , he missed his opportunity , for he could almost certainly have obtained Henry 's acceptance of the new papal decrees on investiture and homage if he had insisted , for at that moment Henry would have had to agree to anything to get his support .
in worldly terms , he missed his opportunity , for he could almost certainly have [got] henry 's acceptance of the new papal decrees on investiture and homage if he had insisted , for at that moment henry would have had to agree to anything to get his support .

Here he showed Anselm the pope 's letter to the king which he had obtained after Anselm 's departure .
here he showed anselm the pope 's letter to the king which he had [got] after anselm 's departure .

The question of the ‘ Lanfranc forgeries ’ — that is , of the additions made to nine papal letters addressed to archbishops of Canterbury in order to provide clear papal authority for Canterbury 's primacy — hangs like a cloud over the primatial disputes of the years from 1072 to 1123 ; and it is important to seek such certainty as is to be obtained on this question .
the question of the ‘ lanfranc forgeries ’ — that is , of the additions made to nine papal letters addressed to archbishops of canterbury in order to provide clear papal authority for canterbury 's primacy — hangs like a cloud over the primatial disputes of the years from 1072 to 1123 ; and it is important to seek such certainty as is to be [got] on this question .

In the 1750s , orangs from Sumatra reached Holland , but it was not until the 1850s that the English scientist Alfred Wallace ( see page 164 ) actually saw orangs in the wild and inevitably collected specimens by shooting them , the way that even the best naturalists obtained animals for study in those days .
in the 1750s , orangs from sumatra reached holland , but it was not until the 1850s that the english scientist alfred wallace ( see page 164 ) actually saw orangs in the wild and inevitably collected specimens by shooting them , the way that even the best naturalists [got] animals for study in those days .

The figures in Table 5.1 are from cross-sectional data , obtained in 1980 , and could therefore be misleading as indicators of changes in households over time .
the figures in table 5.1 are from cross-sectional data , [got] in 1980 , and could therefore be misleading as indicators of changes in households over time .

Elderly people 's ‘ need ’ for support is difficult to measure directly , but a reasonable indicator can be obtained by asking them about their capacity to perform a range of daily living activities and self-care tasks , and about their mobility .
elderly people 's ‘ need ’ for support is difficult to measure directly , but a reasonable indicator can be [got] by asking them about their capacity to perform a range of daily living activities and self-care tasks , and about their mobility .

The amount of support obtained from statutory services depends on the elderly person 's degree of disability but also on the type of household in which he or she lives .
the amount of support [got] from statutory services depends on the elderly person 's degree of disability but also on the type of household in which he or she lives .

No , they had no warrant , but they could take him and the boat back to Oban , where a warrant could be obtained No objection ?
no , they had no warrant , but they could take him and the boat back to oban , where a warrant could be [got] no objection ?

As we arrived very early we were told that stand transfer tickets could be obtained from the office .
as we arrived very early we were told that stand transfer tickets could be [got] from the office .

During the visit a glimpse of the future Garratt type locomotive was obtained .
during the visit a glimpse of the future garratt type locomotive was [got] .

Details of how to obtain pamphlets and membership information can be obtained from Charter 88 .
details of how to obtain pamphlets and membership information can be [got] from charter 88 .

Details of Foxfield services can be obtained by telephoning
details of foxfield services can be [got] by telephoning

Those who had obtained tickets for the December train have been offered a straight transfer for February 5th .
those who had [got] tickets for the december train have been offered a straight transfer for february 5th .

He has bravely published his own work and copies of this delightful little album style publication can be obtained direct from him at adding 90 pence for postage .
he has bravely published his own work and copies of this delightful little album style publication can be [got] direct from him at adding 90 pence for postage .

Diana de Moutis says she still wants to know why Roos obtained an export licence , which normally takes a year , within two months and whether Didier Imbert had a buyer ready when he bought ‘ La Celestine ’ .
diana de moutis says she still wants to know why roos [got] an export licence , which normally takes a year , within two months and whether didier imbert had a buyer ready when he bought ‘ la celestine ’ .

Thameside Aviation Museum is open to the public on the last Sunday of every month and Bank Holidays , it is planned to have the Harvard on display throughout its restoration . Further details can be obtained on
thameside aviation museum is open to the public on the last sunday of every month and bank holidays , it is planned to have the harvard on display throughout its restoration . further details can be [got] on

By varying the water quality , even in the same painting , advantage can be taken of this effect and a further area of interest of a difficult medium obtained .
by varying the water quality , even in the same painting , advantage can be taken of this effect and a further area of interest of a difficult medium [got] .

Piers Ottey studied at Chelsea School of Art , where he obtained an honours degree in Fine Art .
piers ottey studied at chelsea school of art , where he [got] an honours degree in fine art .

Thereafter we head south again through coastal plain and adjoining mountains , through pineapple country , eucalypt forest , seaside resort , along freeways and dirt roads with houses here and there that might have been obtained through mail-order catalogues .
thereafter we head south again through coastal plain and adjoining mountains , through pineapple country , eucalypt forest , seaside resort , along freeways and dirt roads with houses here and there that might have been [got] through mail-order catalogues .

Earthworms obtained in this way should be given a good rinse immediately — but use of the dilute permanganate solution does not damage the lawn and the well rinsed earthworms are perfectly safe to feed to fish .
earthworms [got] in this way should be given a good rinse immediately — but use of the dilute permanganate solution does not damage the lawn and the well rinsed earthworms are perfectly safe to feed to fish .

Word list translations have been obtained and analysed in 15 different sign languages .
word list translations have been [got] and analysed in 15 different sign languages .

As is becoming apparent , sign language is a language at risk ; a language which may be dominated by the learner to the extent that a distorted view of discourse with a native signer will be obtained .
as is becoming apparent , sign language is a language at risk ; a language which may be dominated by the learner to the extent that a distorted view of discourse with a native signer will be [got] .

it is a tempting leap to suggest that sign language may be the natural alternative development when auditory deprivation occurs at birth , but it is clear that objective evidence on this is not easily obtained .
it is a tempting leap to suggest that sign language may be the natural alternative development when auditory deprivation occurs at birth , but it is clear that objective evidence on this is not easily [got] .

Learning through first-hand experience provides the framework into which information obtained in other ways ( from books , television and radio ) can be fitted .
learning through first-hand experience provides the framework into which information [got] in other ways ( from books , television and radio ) can be fitted .

In sharing , each ‘ specialist ’ was able to suggest ways in which ongoing professional help could be obtained .
in sharing , each ‘ specialist ’ was able to suggest ways in which ongoing professional help could be [got] .

It invariably turns out that an operator makes a series of decisions partly on the basis of what is currently displayed ( on-line information ) and partly on the basis of other material obtained from his knowledge of the system performance , his briefing and his operating instructions ( off-line information ) .
it invariably turns out that an operator makes a series of decisions partly on the basis of what is currently displayed ( on-line information ) and partly on the basis of other material [got] from his knowledge of the system performance , his briefing and his operating instructions ( off-line information ) .

Similarly the kinaesthetic sensation of a limb moving has to be associated with the visual sensation obtained by observing the limb — hence the countless hours which babies spend just watching their own limbs move .
similarly the kinaesthetic sensation of a limb moving has to be associated with the visual sensation [got] by observing the limb — hence the countless hours which babies spend just watching their own limbs move .

This is best obtained by asking interviewees to complete standard forms or to take tests before or between interviews .
this is best [got] by asking interviewees to complete standard forms or to take tests before or between interviews .

Information obtained during an interview is about assessable but unquantifiable attributes such as attitudes , motivation , reliability , integrity , social ease and so on .
information [got] during an interview is about assessable but unquantifiable attributes such as attitudes , motivation , reliability , integrity , social ease and so on .

The reliability of a test is measured by correlation between the test scores , obtained at two different times , between different forms of the same test or between samples of questions in different parts of the same test .
the reliability of a test is measured by correlation between the test scores , [got] at two different times , between different forms of the same test or between samples of questions in different parts of the same test .

Data may be obtained purely by observation but usually involve asking questions .
data may be [got] purely by observation but usually involve asking questions .

Details and information pack can be obtained by telephoning or writing to the Catholic Social Welfare Society .
details and information pack can be [got] by telephoning or writing to the catholic social welfare society .

However , while slavery and colonialism contributed to the ‘ underdevelopment ’ of Africa , the Caribbean and India — and similar processes were at work in other colonies , often under other colonial powers , although not in the white Dominions of Australia , New Zealand and Canada — Britain obtained significant economic benefits from its imperial domination .
however , while slavery and colonialism contributed to the ‘ underdevelopment ’ of africa , the caribbean and india — and similar processes were at work in other colonies , often under other colonial powers , although not in the white dominions of australia , new zealand and canada — britain [got] significant economic benefits from its imperial domination .

Some indication of the fortunes made out of slaves , sugar and cotton can be obtained from the size of estates of the traders in Bristol and Liverpool and London .
some indication of the fortunes made out of slaves , sugar and cotton can be [got] from the size of estates of the traders in bristol and liverpool and london .

Deadlock , total and seemingly unbreakable , obtained both at sea and on the Western Front .
deadlock , total and seemingly unbreakable , [got] both at sea and on the western front .

Further information , and the materials referred to , can be obtained from Liberon at the address given below .
further information , and the materials referred to , can be [got] from liberon at the address given below .

Low or high settings are obtained by adjusting the height of the rear roller and front wheels — the roller by means of two plastic levers , one on each side of the mower , at the rear .
low or high settings are [got] by adjusting the height of the rear roller and front wheels — the roller by means of two plastic levers , one on each side of the mower , at the rear .

The height of the front wheels is obtained by pushing or pulling up two plastic adjuster plugs on the front of the machine , which adjust the height of the axle .
the height of the front wheels is [got] by pushing or pulling up two plastic adjuster plugs on the front of the machine , which adjust the height of the axle .

Since the revolution in 1989 , it has been revealed that not only was Romania passing on some of the Western secrets obtained in the long honeymoon with the West to Moscow , but that Ceauşescu 's brother , Ilie , the Deputy Defence Minister , was passing Soviet military secrets and technology to the Americans .
since the revolution in 1989 , it has been revealed that not only was romania passing on some of the western secrets [got] in the long honeymoon with the west to moscow , but that ceauşescu 's brother , ilie , the deputy defence minister , was passing soviet military secrets and technology to the americans .

Meanwhile the committee set the rules and obtained generous sponsorship through local industry , together with donors for the two trophies .
meanwhile the committee set the rules and [got] generous sponsorship through local industry , together with donors for the two trophies .

prompt replacement of the master copy of any corrupted or damaged Licensed Software , such replacement being obtained from
prompt replacement of the master copy of any corrupted or damaged licensed software , such replacement being [got] from

6.2.3 obtained by the recipient Party from another person in good faith without breach of a confidentiality obligation owed to the supplying Party , or
6.2.3 [got] by the recipient party from another person in good faith without breach of a confidentiality obligation owed to the supplying party , or

They know that only through the legislature of the nation can the battle for common justice be effectively fought and permanent well-being for the people obtained .
they know that only through the legislature of the nation can the battle for common justice be effectively fought and permanent well-being for the people [got] .

The best results are obtained from watercolours , oils being less clean and controllable .
the best results are [got] from watercolours , oils being less clean and controllable .

Often the bookseller or cataloguer has not bothered to identify the arms , so that a good deal of pleasure can be obtained from rectifying their indolence or ignorance .
often the bookseller or cataloguer has not bothered to identify the arms , so that a good deal of pleasure can be [got] from rectifying their indolence or ignorance .

In the last 18 months a company has been formed and charitable status obtained .
in the last 18 months a company has been formed and charitable status [got] .

And even if this does not enable the desired result to be obtained convincingly , there are further possible ploys which are readily available .
and even if this does not enable the desired result to be [got] convincingly , there are further possible ploys which are readily available .

This formulation still allows it to be a justifiable ground for causing pain that it will promote a ‘ greater ’ pleasure , when no equivalent pleasure can be obtained otherwise .
this formulation still allows it to be a justifiable ground for causing pain that it will promote a ‘ greater ’ pleasure , when no equivalent pleasure can be [got] otherwise .

The change involved no religious problems because the larger colony had been launched for much the same reasons : a number of Puritans , of whom the largest single group came from East Anglia , had formed the Massachusetts Bay Company and obtained a charter to settle there in a firm determination to cut themselves off from England and the elements of Roman Catholicism they detected in the Church of England .
the change involved no religious problems because the larger colony had been launched for much the same reasons : a number of puritans , of whom the largest single group came from east anglia , had formed the massachusetts bay company and [got] a charter to settle there in a firm determination to cut themselves off from england and the elements of roman catholicism they detected in the church of england .

During the dispute the political strength of the textile importers was reduced , and the English manufacturers of woollen and linen goods obtained some degree of tariff protection against Indian goods .
during the dispute the political strength of the textile importers was reduced , and the english manufacturers of woollen and linen goods [got] some degree of tariff protection against indian goods .

Then we shall analyse the reasons the three most exceptional cases obtained so much coverage and the implications of this .
then we shall analyse the reasons the three most exceptional cases [got] so much coverage and the implications of this .

Individual copies may be obtained free of charge from The Terrence Higgins Trust .
individual copies may be [got] free of charge from the terrence higgins trust .

Full details and a copy of the timetable can be obtained from the railway using
full details and a copy of the timetable can be [got] from the railway using

On the same occasion , the Lord Mayor will also formally ‘ open ’ the new Ingrow Railway Centre Yard , which has very recently been landscaped , setted and paved by the Worth Valley Railway with the assistance of a substantial grant again obtained via Bradford Metropolitan Council .
on the same occasion , the lord mayor will also formally ‘ open ’ the new ingrow railway centre yard , which has very recently been landscaped , setted and paved by the worth valley railway with the assistance of a substantial grant again [got] via bradford metropolitan council .

Further details of operation can be obtained from The Dean Forest Railway Company .
further details of operation can be [got] from the dean forest railway company .

Further particulars of the appointment may be obtained directly from the acting Registrar at the above address .
further particulars of the appointment may be [got] directly from the acting registrar at the above address .

Once all the relevant information needed to make a placement decision has been obtained , it is necessary to consider what educational opportunities are at present available for the visually handicapped pupil and sometimes what new opportunities , especially in integrated provision , can be developed .
once all the relevant information needed to make a placement decision has been [got] , it is necessary to consider what educational opportunities are at present available for the visually handicapped pupil and sometimes what new opportunities , especially in integrated provision , can be developed .

The specialist teacher or adviser will need to discuss with the pupil 's own teacher the information obtained from screening procedures that has a bearing on adaptations to learning materials or to the environment .
the specialist teacher or adviser will need to discuss with the pupil 's own teacher the information [got] from screening procedures that has a bearing on adaptations to learning materials or to the environment .

Squared and lined paper with good contrast can also be obtained in bulk from the Partially Sighted Society .
squared and lined paper with good contrast can also be [got] in bulk from the partially sighted society .

Order forms can be obtained by calling
order forms can be [got] by calling

It is a sad fact that a number of adult dogs obtained from rescue organizations are returned because of this type of problem , which is not likely to be apparent when the dog is chosen .
it is a sad fact that a number of adult dogs [got] from rescue organizations are returned because of this type of problem , which is not likely to be apparent when the dog is chosen .

Permission must be obtained to travel by car along the private road in Glen Farrar and , if granted , should be regarded as a great privilege for there is loveliness all the way to its terminus at Loch Monar , now a reservoir .
permission must be [got] to travel by car along the private road in glen farrar and , if granted , should be regarded as a great privilege for there is loveliness all the way to its terminus at loch monar , now a reservoir .

This should be completed soon and also the necessary insurance certificates obtained so that the locomotive can go into service .
this should be completed soon and also the necessary insurance certificates [got] so that the locomotive can go into service .

Meanwhile , planning permission has been sought and obtained so that work can go ahead as soon as funds permit .
meanwhile , planning permission has been sought and [got] so that work can go ahead as soon as funds permit .

Further details can be obtained from The holidays are designated for all Christians of all denominations alike .
further details can be [got] from the holidays are designated for all christians of all denominations alike .

If enough wagons can be obtained with the necessary finance , this railway may well become the first to run such a train .
if enough wagons can be [got] with the necessary finance , this railway may well become the first to run such a train .

Many people would claim that the role of science is confined to the first of these and that theoretical physics will have achieved its goal when we have obtained a complete set of local physical laws .
many people would claim that the role of science is confined to the first of these and that theoretical physics will have achieved its goal when we have [got] a complete set of local physical laws .

Having obtained one renormalizable theory for the strong interactions and another one for the weak and electromagnetic interactions , it was natural to look for a theory that combined the two .
having [got] one renormalizable theory for the strong interactions and another one for the weak and electromagnetic interactions , it was natural to look for a theory that combined the two .

Irrespective of which method is used , full details of the sub-contractor 's background , including employment history , should be obtained by a requirement either to complete an application form or to attend an interview .
irrespective of which method is used , full details of the sub-contractor 's background , including employment history , should be [got] by a requirement either to complete an application form or to attend an interview .

The contractor is often in a difficult position , when payments to the nominated sub-contractor are only due to be made immediately prior to the next valuation , and insufficient time remains for receipts to be obtained .
the contractor is often in a difficult position , when payments to the nominated sub-contractor are only due to be made immediately prior to the next valuation , and insufficient time remains for receipts to be [got] .

The constant to be applied may be obtained from : ( a ) The breakdown of the rate used by the estimator in producing the tender .
the constant to be applied may be [got] from : ( a ) the breakdown of the rate used by the estimator in producing the tender .

The approval once obtained will expire within a period of three years , unless a detailed planning application is submitted to the local planning authority .
the approval once [got] will expire within a period of three years , unless a detailed planning application is submitted to the local planning authority .

Development under a detailed planning approval must be commenced within a period of live years , beginning with the date on which the permission is granted or , where an earlier outline approval has been obtained , the date of that permission .
development under a detailed planning approval must be commenced within a period of live years , beginning with the date on which the permission is granted or , where an earlier outline approval has been [got] , the date of that permission .

Equally , the speculator may identify a site without planning approval , enter into an option agreement with the vendor , and sell on the option once planning has been obtained .
equally , the speculator may identify a site without planning approval , enter into an option agreement with the vendor , and sell on the option once planning has been [got] .

The property may be resold with a reduced garden area and planning approval obtained for redevelopment of the remainder .
the property may be resold with a reduced garden area and planning approval [got] for redevelopment of the remainder .

The planning officer 's attitude to proposals to develop a site can be assessed when only outline approval has been obtained or substantial modification is required to the detailed approval .
the planning officer 's attitude to proposals to develop a site can be assessed when only outline approval has been [got] or substantial modification is required to the detailed approval .

If approval for septic tanks can not be obtained , the only alternative will be sealed cesspools of a capacity not less than 4000 gallons .
if approval for septic tanks can not be [got] , the only alternative will be sealed cesspools of a capacity not less than 4000 gallons .

When access is required onto a classified road , approval must be obtained from the Department of Transport or local authority acting as their agent .
when access is required onto a classified road , approval must be [got] from the department of transport or local authority acting as their agent .

Public utilities have a statutory right to be granted easements to cross land , and although such easements are usually obtained by negotiation , where landowners object , the courts will ultimately override any objections .
public utilities have a statutory right to be granted easements to cross land , and although such easements are usually [got] by negotiation , where landowners object , the courts will ultimately override any objections .

If the sewage disposal works is to be situated off-site , a suitable site must be located and purchased and easements obtained from any owners whose land the sewer crosses .
if the sewage disposal works is to be situated off-site , a suitable site must be located and purchased and easements [got] from any owners whose land the sewer crosses .

In practice professional valuers tend to prefer the comparative method and builders the residual method , but for valuations for annual financial or management accounts it would perhaps be prudent to take an average of the result obtained using both methods .
in practice professional valuers tend to prefer the comparative method and builders the residual method , but for valuations for annual financial or management accounts it would perhaps be prudent to take an average of the result [got] using both methods .

Jonathon , left to his own devices , asked and obtained permission to go of– and work on his ship .
jonathon , left to his own devices , asked and [got] permission to go of– and work on his ship .

In addition , a method of entry has been devised by which legal training is obtained after entry .
in addition , a method of entry has been devised by which legal training is [got] after entry .

Sendei obtained one from the dispenser and tossed it to her .
sendei [got] one from the dispenser and tossed it to her .

Gyggle had obtained a series of computer-visualisation models from an extra-sensory perception researcher in Texas .
gyggle had [got] a series of computer-visualisation models from an extra-sensory perception researcher in texas .

His father was a German-Jewish refugee and his mother Welsh , but Wartberg was an aggressive anglophile , given to wearing tweed suits and blathering on about flower growing , law and order , the decline of British standards ( he had just obtained one for his best-selling valve ) , the prohibitive business rate and so on .
his father was a german-jewish refugee and his mother welsh , but wartberg was an aggressive anglophile , given to wearing tweed suits and blathering on about flower growing , law and order , the decline of british standards ( he had just [got] one for his best-selling valve ) , the prohibitive business rate and so on .

Informants were obtained by randomly selecting listed telephone numbers .
informants were [got] by randomly selecting listed telephone numbers .

He then obtained a repetition by pretending to mishear the response , thus eliciting four instances of the target feature in two separate phonetic environments .
he then [got] a repetition by pretending to mishear the response , thus eliciting four instances of the target feature in two separate phonetic environments .

This time , the data were obtained in the following way :
this time , the data were [got] in the following way :

For example , Dixon ( 1984 : 80 ) quite openly states that some interesting material was obtained from Aboriginal speakers by candid recording .
for example , dixon ( 1984 : 80 ) quite openly states that some interesting material was [got] from aboriginal speakers by candid recording .

Both Labov and Harris had obtained this knowledge from analytic work on substantial bodies of data .
both labov and harris had [got] this knowledge from analytic work on substantial bodies of data .

However , a good number of geographers have conducted recreational surveys in the last 20 years and a good deal of experience in the methods and techniques for conducting visitor surveys , in particular , has been obtained , so that it is now generally agreed that the following procedure should be followed :
however , a good number of geographers have conducted recreational surveys in the last 20 years and a good deal of experience in the methods and techniques for conducting visitor surveys , in particular , has been [got] , so that it is now generally agreed that the following procedure should be followed :

The contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the Carrier 's standard Bill of Lading terms and conditions and tariff for the relevant trade , copies of which may be obtained from the offices of the Carrier and those of his authorized Agents .
the contract evidenced by this waybill is subject to the carrier 's standard bill of lading terms and conditions and tariff for the relevant trade , copies of which may be [got] from the offices of the carrier and those of his authorized agents .

Labour members of the Select Committee on Procedure obtained permission from the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Chief Labour Whip to look at this omission in the 1968–9 session .
labour members of the select committee on procedure [got] permission from the chancellor of the exchequer and the chief labour whip to look at this omission in the 1968–9 session .

Then in 1980 and again in 1983 ten-minute rule bills on this subject obtained second readings which approved the principle ; as is normally the case with such bills they made no further progress due to lack of parliamentary time .
then in 1980 and again in 1983 ten-minute rule bills on this subject [got] second readings which approved the principle ; as is normally the case with such bills they made no further progress due to lack of parliamentary time .

It is possible , in certain circumstances , again if leave is obtained , to appeal direct from the High Court to the House of Lords , leapfrogging the Court of Appeal .
it is possible , in certain circumstances , again if leave is [got] , to appeal direct from the high court to the house of lords , leapfrogging the court of appeal .

From the Divisional Court and the Court of Appeal , further appeal lies to the House of Lords if leave is obtained .
from the divisional court and the court of appeal , further appeal lies to the house of lords if leave is [got] .

The first concerned unlawfully obtained evidence and had the object of strengthening the deterrent effect of the Bill in dealing with problems of the misuse of police power .
the first concerned unlawfully [got] evidence and had the object of strengthening the deterrent effect of the bill in dealing with problems of the misuse of police power .

In Express and Star v. National Graphical Association , the plaintiff newspapers obtained an interim injunction requiring the union to withdraw a direction to their members to take industrial action .
in express and star v. national graphical association , the plaintiff newspapers [got] an interim injunction requiring the union to withdraw a direction to their members to take industrial action .

For most people , change of type or tenure of housing has been relatively infrequent once they have obtained a home of their own in either the owner-occupied or local authority sectors .
for most people , change of type or tenure of housing has been relatively infrequent once they have [got] a home of their own in either the owner-occupied or local authority sectors .

More ‘ difficult ’ measures could be obtained periodically , but more frequently than once every ten years .
more ‘ difficult ’ measures could be [got] periodically , but more frequently than once every ten years .

Howard Samuel never had the courage to tell him that he had no recollection of their night-time conversation because of his post-prandial condition , so Randolph always regarded the fact that the licence had been obtained for the Labour Party as a gross breach of trust .
howard samuel never had the courage to tell him that he had no recollection of their night-time conversation because of his post-prandial condition , so randolph always regarded the fact that the licence had been [got] for the labour party as a gross breach of trust .

The indignation within the Motability community at this venomous attack was more gratifying than any form of recognition that we might have obtained .
the indignation within the motability community at this venomous attack was more gratifying than any form of recognition that we might have [got] .

Such exploitation was compounded by the fact that their tenants obtained only low wages and insecure employment and could not afford a rent which would provide a sufficiently large return to keep the houses in good repair .
such exploitation was compounded by the fact that their tenants [got] only low wages and insecure employment and could not afford a rent which would provide a sufficiently large return to keep the houses in good repair .

Beed 's preference for the latter alternative is , however , misplaced , since as Herman explains , it involves ‘ a confusion between who controls and how control is obtained and maintained ’ .
beed 's preference for the latter alternative is , however , misplaced , since as herman explains , it involves ‘ a confusion between who controls and how control is [got] and maintained ’ .

The results achieved by Cubbin and Leech applying this method were similar overall to those obtained in their parallel study using traditional fixed percentage criteria , but there were different outcomes in respect of a significant number of individual companies within the sample .
the results achieved by cubbin and leech applying this method were similar overall to those [got] in their parallel study using traditional fixed percentage criteria , but there were different outcomes in respect of a significant number of individual companies within the sample .

Consent of the shareholders by ordinary resolution is required , unless the articles permit the board to sanction payments without shareholder approval , or provide that a resolution passed by more than a simple majority of shareholders must be obtained .
consent of the shareholders by ordinary resolution is required , unless the articles permit the board to sanction payments without shareholder approval , or provide that a resolution passed by more than a simple majority of shareholders must be [got] .

Because there is no record 0 , the nearest that can be obtained to a continuous set of numbers will be : Thus addresses : are missing .
because there is no record 0 , the nearest that can be [got] to a continuous set of numbers will be : thus addresses : are missing .

Such a near-continuous set of numbers can only be obtained if nine records are stored per track , and this will usually not be the best number of records for the file under consideration .
such a near-continuous set of numbers can only be [got] if nine records are stored per track , and this will usually not be the best number of records for the file under consideration .

It is rather unexpected that most of the values obtained are even .
it is rather unexpected that most of the values [got] are even .

The values obtained for binary and Poisson probabilities are shown in Table 6.1 for the case where a file of 48 950 records is randomized to 100 000 storage positions .
the values [got] for binary and poisson probabilities are shown in table 6.1 for the case where a file of 48 950 records is randomized to 100 000 storage positions .

Then each successive term is obtained by using the relationship :
then each successive term is [got] by using the relationship :

Table 6.6 shows the very different results obtained when the actual time required for each retrieval , including head movements , is used to calculate break-even points , rather than average accesses per retrieval .
table 6.6 shows the very different results [got] when the actual time required for each retrieval , including head movements , is used to calculate break-even points , rather than average accesses per retrieval .

Outline the data required to apply it , and the way that data can he obtained .
outline the data required to apply it , and the way that data can he [got] .

Using equations ( 6.6 ) — ( 6.9 ) , the figures obtained are shown in Table 7.4 .
using equations ( 6.6 ) — ( 6.9 ) , the figures [got] are shown in table 7.4 .

The results of a series of experiments have shown that the pattern obtained is very similar to those given for sequential disk files in Fig .
the results of a series of experiments have shown that the pattern [got] is very similar to those given for sequential disk files in fig .

As hit rate reduces , more and more benefit is obtained from skip-sequential processing .
as hit rate reduces , more and more benefit is [got] from skip-sequential processing .

Pascoe had obtained the number from directory enquiries and listened to her answerphone message a dozen times or more .
pascoe had [got] the number from directory enquiries and listened to her answerphone message a dozen times or more .

[ In the Court of Appeal Pickin successfully argued that this case was authority for the House of Lords refusing to give effect to a private Act obtained by fraud . ]
[ in the court of appeal pickin successfully argued that this case was authority for the house of lords refusing to give effect to a private act [got] by fraud . ]

Most of the following information was obtained from replies to a letter from the Chairman to more than fifty correspondents in various parts of the world ( see Appendix 2.9 ) .
most of the following information was [got] from replies to a letter from the chairman to more than fifty correspondents in various parts of the world ( see appendix 2.9 ) .

It is in the interest of church musicians to ensure that the necessary licence is obtained , or their playing or singing of copyright music in such circumstances could constitute an infringement of copyright through being an unauthorised ‘ performance ’ .
it is in the interest of church musicians to ensure that the necessary licence is [got] , or their playing or singing of copyright music in such circumstances could constitute an infringement of copyright through being an unauthorised ‘ performance ’ .

Until the passing of the Forster Education Act in 1870 , most training in music was obtained primarily , if not solely , through singing or playing in churches , chapels and cathedrals .
until the passing of the forster education act in 1870 , most training in music was [got] primarily , if not solely , through singing or playing in churches , chapels and cathedrals .

As priyayi he obtained an education in a Teachers ' Training School and was sent off to the little island of Bali .
as priyayi he [got] an education in a teachers ' training school and was sent off to the little island of bali .

Unlike his older brothers he went to a Franco — Annamite school and obtained a certificate in 1907 .
unlike his older brothers he went to a franco — annamite school and [got] a certificate in 1907 .

Then he came ashore in London and obtained a position as a cook in the Carlton Hotel .
then he came ashore in london and [got] a position as a cook in the carlton hotel .

Overcoming great obstacles he obtained academic training in the United States .
overcoming great obstacles he [got] academic training in the united states .

However his teachers recognised his exceptional qualities and he was given junior teaching posts which enabled him to register at the University of Pennsylvania , where he obtained his Master 's degree and began to work towards a PhD , specialising in philosophy .
however his teachers recognised his exceptional qualities and he was given junior teaching posts which enabled him to register at the university of pennsylvania , where he [got] his master 's degree and began to work towards a phd , specialising in philosophy .

In practice they overlap : for example , while the inner-city data was still being collected , we were analysing the tape-recordings that had already been obtained .
in practice they overlap : for example , while the inner-city data was still being collected , we were analysing the tape-recordings that had already been [got] .

For these reasons , access to the communities was obtained through suitable intermediaries , who were not used as informants .
for these reasons , access to the communities was [got] through suitable intermediaries , who were not used as informants .

The February 1987 issue printed a list of books which could be obtained from Vanguard Books .
the february 1987 issue printed a list of books which could be [got] from vanguard books .

The solicitor is a trained legal professional who has usually obtained a law degree and will have studied for the Law Society Final Examinations in order to practise in the profession .
the solicitor is a trained legal professional who has usually [got] a law degree and will have studied for the law society final examinations in order to practise in the profession .

It may be considered advisable with small units which form a chain of enterprises to expand trading by means of partnership or sole trading so that initial losses made in new units may be offset against profit obtained through trading at established units .
it may be considered advisable with small units which form a chain of enterprises to expand trading by means of partnership or sole trading so that initial losses made in new units may be offset against profit [got] through trading at established units .

How is an administration order obtained ?
how is an administration order [got] ?

Permission to ‘ develop ’ land must now be obtained from the local planning authority prior to building work or any material change in the use of a building .
permission to ‘ develop ’ land must now be [got] from the local planning authority prior to building work or any material change in the use of a building .

Some capital may be obtained through direct transference , as when an acquired skill for keeping in touch with the latest developments and information in a given academic field is then applied to the world of fashion .
some capital may be [got] through direct transference , as when an acquired skill for keeping in touch with the latest developments and information in a given academic field is then applied to the world of fashion .

Efficiency : seeking to ensure that the maximum output is obtained from the resources devoted to a department ( or programme ) , or alternatively ensuring that only the minimum level of resources is devoted to a given level of output .
efficiency : seeking to ensure that the maximum output is [got] from the resources devoted to a department ( or programme ) , or alternatively ensuring that only the minimum level of resources is devoted to a given level of output .

It could be that effectiveness could be obtained more efficiently .
it could be that effectiveness could be [got] more efficiently .

In retrospect , information about both of these dimensions can be obtained from the case studies , in prospect it has to be inferred by those most closely connected with the work .
in retrospect , information about both of these dimensions can be [got] from the case studies , in prospect it has to be inferred by those most closely connected with the work .

This implies an orientation obtained through practical experience in an industry rather than reliance on the belief that a good manager can manage anything .
this implies an orientation [got] through practical experience in an industry rather than reliance on the belief that a good manager can manage anything .

Each culture has its own ‘ agreed ’ way of surviving , which involves a social organization constructed to ensure that sufficient food , drink and shelter is obtained to allow reproduction for as many members of the cultural group as possible .
each culture has its own ‘ agreed ’ way of surviving , which involves a social organization constructed to ensure that sufficient food , drink and shelter is [got] to allow reproduction for as many members of the cultural group as possible .

Inheritance was the normal form in which individual rights over land ( or other resources , such as water ) were obtained : sale of land was unknown in both Polynesia and Micronesia , and in most parts of Melanesia too .
inheritance was the normal form in which individual rights over land ( or other resources , such as water ) were [got] : sale of land was unknown in both polynesia and micronesia , and in most parts of melanesia too .

Thus money obtained in the sphere of production is circulated through exchange processes , which are separate from those of production and which are also regulated by the state .
thus money [got] in the sphere of production is circulated through exchange processes , which are separate from those of production and which are also regulated by the state .

They can always be thrown out , they ca n't be obtained .
they can always be thrown out , they ca n't be [got] .

Having obtained this , he set to work to enclose the parish and to rearrange its landscape .
having [got] this , he set to work to enclose the parish and to rearrange its landscape .

The line of the Great Central Railway south of Leicester through Catesby Tunnel and on to Brackley , is a superb example where an appreciation of the engineering involved in the construction of the last great main line in England can be obtained In a different landscape are the deep cuttings and high embankments south-east of Overstrand , Norfolk which suddenly open out into a vast grass amphitheatre-like area the site of Mundesley Station only opened in 1898 .
the line of the great central railway south of leicester through catesby tunnel and on to brackley , is a superb example where an appreciation of the engineering involved in the construction of the last great main line in england can be [got] in a different landscape are the deep cuttings and high embankments south-east of overstrand , norfolk which suddenly open out into a vast grass amphitheatre-like area the site of mundesley station only opened in 1898 .

Small groups of men at Bristol or Glasgow might succeed in obtaining advances in wages ; more often than not their efforts were countered by the employers and it was noted by the Board of Trade that disputes ended when `` crews were obtained elsewhere `` or `` seamen were replaced by others at a reduced rate `` . ``
small groups of men at bristol or glasgow might succeed in obtaining advances in wages ; more often than not their efforts were countered by the employers and it was noted by the board of trade that disputes ended when `` crews were [got] elsewhere `` or `` seamen were replaced by others at a reduced rate `` . ``

This is admittedly a rather crude distinction , but one which could be justified by the very uneven break — some 80 per cent of establishments were `` non-users `` for each category — which it produced ; For experimental purposes we also separated out `` high user establishments where the number of fixed-term contract or agency workers used was the equivalent of five per cent or more of the labour force but the results thereby obtained were not more instructive than those obtained by the initial classification and so are reported upon only in a limited fashion .
this is admittedly a rather crude distinction , but one which could be justified by the very uneven break — some 80 per cent of establishments were `` non-users `` for each category — which it produced ; for experimental purposes we also separated out `` high user establishments where the number of fixed-term contract or agency workers used was the equivalent of five per cent or more of the labour force but the results thereby [got] were not more instructive than those [got] by the initial classification and so are reported upon only in a limited fashion .

When we examined the larger sample of people whose first jobs after initial unemployment we obtained a very similar picture of a positive relationship between temporary working and recurrent unemployment .
when we examined the larger sample of people whose first jobs after initial unemployment we [got] a very similar picture of a positive relationship between temporary working and recurrent unemployment .

One company had obtained a concession from its local unions to employ at least a certain proportion of its workforce on a temporary basis .
one company had [got] a concession from its local unions to employ at least a certain proportion of its workforce on a temporary basis .

This approach , also known as automatic design , employs optimization algorithms , usually of a mathematical nature , in such a way that a preferred solution is obtained for a given set of input parameters .
this approach , also known as automatic design , employs optimization algorithms , usually of a mathematical nature , in such a way that a preferred solution is [got] for a given set of input parameters .

Although appropriate for many problems , as this technique does not constrain the creativity of many designs , there is no guarantee that the `` best `` solution will ever be obtained .
although appropriate for many problems , as this technique does not constrain the creativity of many designs , there is no guarantee that the `` best `` solution will ever be [got] .

The optimal technique was perceived by a majority of subjects as providing the best solution , this result being supported by the analysis of solutions actually obtained .
the optimal technique was perceived by a majority of subjects as providing the best solution , this result being supported by the analysis of solutions actually [got] .

The procedure also holds , as the highest record , the `` assembly space `` , defined as that space obtained from the maximum and minimum excursion values of all sub-components .
the procedure also holds , as the highest record , the `` assembly space `` , defined as that space [got] from the maximum and minimum excursion values of all sub-components .

In such a procedure the boundaries of the domain can be automatically obtained from the maximum and minimum excursion values of the part in this local coordinate system .
in such a procedure the boundaries of the domain can be automatically [got] from the maximum and minimum excursion values of the part in this local coordinate system .

These boundaries are also obtained from reference space excursions and can thus cause uncertainty in the spatial relationships which need to be checked at a lower local level .
these boundaries are also [got] from reference space excursions and can thus cause uncertainty in the spatial relationships which need to be checked at a lower local level .

Full spatial relationships can be obtained and checked in their orthogonal views .
full spatial relationships can be [got] and checked in their orthogonal views .

Control is obtained by allocating ownership of space depending upon a person 's position in the organizational structure , allowing that person to change details only in his own space .
control is [got] by allocating ownership of space depending upon a person 's position in the organizational structure , allowing that person to change details only in his own space .

Whilst the specified motion of a point can be obtained on the drawing board , the successful working of the mechanism train as a whole will also depend on the geometric shapes of individual linkages and surrounding components ; components can not be allowed to clash or be made to disassemble and re-assemble to pass through points of impossible geometry .
whilst the specified motion of a point can be [got] on the drawing board , the successful working of the mechanism train as a whole will also depend on the geometric shapes of individual linkages and surrounding components ; components can not be allowed to clash or be made to disassemble and re-assemble to pass through points of impossible geometry .

Here the proposed mechanism is fully analysed and all kinematic functions are obtained graphically , including displacements rotations and all their derivatives .
here the proposed mechanism is fully analysed and all kinematic functions are [got] graphically , including displacements rotations and all their derivatives .

The performance curves obtained for a new scheme can be compared directly against an ideal set or those found for a previous design .
the performance curves [got] for a new scheme can be compared directly against an ideal set or those found for a previous design .

Although the framing rate is slow , a feel can be obtained for the mechanism movement if the frames are allowed to run through a number of cycles .
although the framing rate is slow , a feel can be [got] for the mechanism movement if the frames are allowed to run through a number of cycles .

For example , if the longitudinal position of the bearing is obtained by a pin inserted into the shaft and a slot is provided in the bearing , to allow for assembly ( as in Figure 7.27 ) , then sequential pairs are constructed .
for example , if the longitudinal position of the bearing is [got] by a pin inserted into the shaft and a slot is provided in the bearing , to allow for assembly ( as in figure 7.27 ) , then sequential pairs are constructed .

You can leave a library without a book , but with information obtained from the Reference Section , from which books may not be withdrawn but only consulted .
you can leave a library without a book , but with information [got] from the reference section , from which books may not be withdrawn but only consulted .

This may sound a magnificent position but , in fact , much better personal experience of the techniques of running a committee meeting can be obtained at the lower levels , because you will have more personal involvement .
this may sound a magnificent position but , in fact , much better personal experience of the techniques of running a committee meeting can be [got] at the lower levels , because you will have more personal involvement .

More experience of the day-today work of committees is obtained by deciding the cost of a plate of soup on the Catering Committee than by listening to the high arguments of policy on the Governing Board of the college .
more experience of the day-today work of committees is [got] by deciding the cost of a plate of soup on the catering committee than by listening to the high arguments of policy on the governing board of the college .

As the hole narrows , the overlap of light from nearby points decreases until eventually a reasonably clear image is obtained .
as the hole narrows , the overlap of light from nearby points decreases until eventually a reasonably clear image is [got] .

It is an uncompromising fortress-like church , old , high , square with no elaboration of aisle or transept , bare , which chimed with Frederica 's northern sense of fitness , and yet , in its dark , after the bright sun , haunted by things her blood rejected — racks of fragile spiked flames of votive candles , elaborate china and metal plaques and pictures offering thanks for favours obtained , the smell of old wax and lingering incense muffling the smell of stone .
it is an uncompromising fortress-like church , old , high , square with no elaboration of aisle or transept , bare , which chimed with frederica 's northern sense of fitness , and yet , in its dark , after the bright sun , haunted by things her blood rejected — racks of fragile spiked flames of votive candles , elaborate china and metal plaques and pictures offering thanks for favours [got] , the smell of old wax and lingering incense muffling the smell of stone .

The debtor obtained an order from the county court that the statutory demand and bankruptcy petition be set aside on the ground that the service of the statutory demand had contravened the provision in section 69 ( 1 ) of the Solicitors Act 1974 that ‘ no action shall be brought ’ to recover any costs due to a solicitor within one month of the bill having been delivered .
the debtor [got] an order from the county court that the statutory demand and bankruptcy petition be set aside on the ground that the service of the statutory demand had contravened the provision in section 69 ( 1 ) of the solicitors act 1974 that ‘ no action shall be brought ’ to recover any costs due to a solicitor within one month of the bill having been delivered .

The equipotential surfaces may now be plotted on the basis of the above equation and then the field lines may be obtained as trajectories orthogonal to the equipotentials .
the equipotential surfaces may now be plotted on the basis of the above equation and then the field lines may be [got] as trajectories orthogonal to the equipotentials .

Yet another alternative form is obtained by using spherical coordinates in which appears as .
yet another alternative form is [got] by using spherical coordinates in which appears as .

The potential may be obtained from the electric field as .
the potential may be [got] from the electric field as .

The potential difference may be obtained as follows and the capacitance per unit length .
the potential difference may be [got] as follows and the capacitance per unit length .

You can be sure that you will find a solution of Laplace 's equation satisfying the boundary conditions , but you will have to find out which problem you have obtained the solution of .
you can be sure that you will find a solution of laplace 's equation satisfying the boundary conditions , but you will have to find out which problem you have [got] the solution of .

Well , one can use eqn ( 3.1 ) as it is , but very often one is better off by using its integral form that can be obtained by integrating both sides of eqn ( 3.1 ) over a surface .
well , one can use eqn ( 3.1 ) as it is , but very often one is better off by using its integral form that can be [got] by integrating both sides of eqn ( 3.1 ) over a surface .

The magnetic field may be obtained from Ampère 's law ( eqn ( 3.21 ) ) as follows , where the line integral is taken over the circle of radius a ( Fig .
the magnetic field may be [got] from ampère 's law ( eqn ( 3.21 ) ) as follows , where the line integral is taken over the circle of radius a ( fig .

Having obtained the vector potential the magnetic field may be obtained by the usual differentiation which , incidentally , also leads to elliptic integrals .
having [got] the vector potential the magnetic field may be [got] by the usual differentiation which , incidentally , also leads to elliptic integrals .

Show that the vector potential obtained in Example 3.9 reduces to those of eqns ( 3.60 ) and ( 3.64 ) under the respective assumptions .
show that the vector potential [got] in example 3.9 reduces to those of eqns ( 3.60 ) and ( 3.64 ) under the respective assumptions .

The current in coil 1 may be obtained from the relationship .
the current in coil 1 may be [got] from the relationship .

Assuming that θ = 0 at t = 0 the angular position of the loop is given by and the flux across the loop may be obtained as , whence the e.m.f. is .
assuming that θ = 0 at t = 0 the angular position of the loop is given by and the flux across the loop may be [got] as , whence the e.m.f. is .

The total power dissipated in the disc may then be obtained by integration as follows .
the total power dissipated in the disc may then be [got] by integration as follows .

The answer may be easily obtained with the aid of circuit theory .
the answer may be easily [got] with the aid of circuit theory .

‘ When theft is alleged and that which is alleged to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that has been obtained by a false representation , has ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the Theft Act 1968 taken place , or ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse inference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?
‘ when theft is alleged and that which is alleged to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that has been [got] by a false representation , has ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the theft act 1968 taken place , or ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse inference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?

‘ When theft is alleged and that which is alleged to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that has been obtained by a false representation , has ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the Theft Act 1968 taken place , or ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse inference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?
‘ when theft is alleged and that which is alleged to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that has been [got] by a false representation , has ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the theft act 1968 taken place , or ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse inference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?

Under the old law they could not have been found guilty of larceny , because the seller agreed to transfer the property in the goods to Ballay , and the fact that the seller 's agreement was obtained by a fraud does not affect that conclusion .
under the old law they could not have been found guilty of larceny , because the seller agreed to transfer the property in the goods to ballay , and the fact that the seller 's agreement was [got] by a fraud does not affect that conclusion .

The accused in this case , however , were prosecuted for theft under section 1 ( 1 ) of the Act and were convicted notwithstanding the submission of counsel for the defence to the effect that the crime for which the accused were indicted did not amount to theft because the seller had consented to sell the property , albeit consent had been obtained by fraud , as alleged .
the accused in this case , however , were prosecuted for theft under section 1 ( 1 ) of the act and were convicted notwithstanding the submission of counsel for the defence to the effect that the crime for which the accused were indicted did not amount to theft because the seller had consented to sell the property , albeit consent had been [got] by fraud , as alleged .

‘ When theft is alleged and that which is alleged to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that consent has been obtained by a false representation , has , ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the Theft Act 1968 taken place , or , ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse interference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?
‘ when theft is alleged and that which is alleged to be stolen passes to the defendant with the consent of the owner , but that consent has been [got] by a false representation , has , ( a ) an appropriation within the meaning of section 1(1) of the theft act 1968 taken place , or , ( b ) must such a passing of property necessarily involve an element of adverse interference with or usurpation of some right of the owner ?

At paragraph 1497 , it is stated that in larceny the owner of the thing stolen has no intention to part with his property therein to the person taking it , although he may intend to part with the possession ; in false pretences the owner does intend to part with his property in the money or chattel , but it is obtained from him by fraud .
at paragraph 1497 , it is stated that in larceny the owner of the thing stolen has no intention to part with his property therein to the person taking it , although he may intend to part with the possession ; in false pretences the owner does intend to part with his property in the money or chattel , but it is [got] from him by fraud .

If any of the following requirements have not been met , the audit report should state that fact : proper accounting records must be kept proper returns must be obtained from branches not visited by the auditor the accounts must be in agreement with the accounting records and returns all information and explanations considered necessary for the audit must be obtained .
if any of the following requirements have not been met , the audit report should state that fact : proper accounting records must be kept proper returns must be [got] from branches not visited by the auditor the accounts must be in agreement with the accounting records and returns all information and explanations considered necessary for the audit must be [got] .

proper returns must be obtained from branches not visited by the auditor
proper returns must be [got] from branches not visited by the auditor

The combinations which can be obtained for this are infinite .
the combinations which can be [got] for this are infinite .

Dyes for hair colouring could only be obtained from plants and one of the oldest of these is the red dye henna , obtained from the powdered dried leaves of the plant Lawsonia inermis .
dyes for hair colouring could only be [got] from plants and one of the oldest of these is the red dye henna , [got] from the powdered dried leaves of the plant lawsonia inermis .

But although no two dyes obtained from plants will be exactly alike , the colours are soft and subtle , and the mixtures can be blended to give sophisticated hues and tints equal to any of the manufactured colourings .
but although no two dyes [got] from plants will be exactly alike , the colours are soft and subtle , and the mixtures can be blended to give sophisticated hues and tints equal to any of the manufactured colourings .

These can be obtained from chemists .
these can be [got] from chemists .

The most easily dyed materials are wool and silk ; cotton and linen are difficult as they are made primarily of cellulose , being obtained from plants , rather than animal protein , and are better reserved for the time when experience has been obtained with dyeing wool .
the most easily dyed materials are wool and silk ; cotton and linen are difficult as they are made primarily of cellulose , being [got] from plants , rather than animal protein , and are better reserved for the time when experience has been [got] with dyeing wool .

If plants have anything wrong with them it may have already been there when they were obtained , or it is a sign that they are not being grown in the right conditions .
if plants have anything wrong with them it may have already been there when they were [got] , or it is a sign that they are not being grown in the right conditions .

Soilless composts can also be put together at home , as in general they consist of 75 per cent granulated peat and 25 per cent fine sand ; the amount of plant food and chalk in the proprietary kinds varies from brand to brand , and you can add your own as required , though a good general mixture can be obtained by adding about 28 g ( 1 oz ) general fertilizer and 28 g ( 1 oz ) chalk to 1 bushel ⅛ gallons ( 36⅓ litres ) ( by bulk ) of compost , mixing all the ingredients thoroughly .
soilless composts can also be put together at home , as in general they consist of 75 per cent granulated peat and 25 per cent fine sand ; the amount of plant food and chalk in the proprietary kinds varies from brand to brand , and you can add your own as required , though a good general mixture can be [got] by adding about 28 g ( 1 oz ) general fertilizer and 28 g ( 1 oz ) chalk to 1 bushel ⅛ gallons ( 36⅓ litres ) ( by bulk ) of compost , mixing all the ingredients thoroughly .

Madder has chiefly been grown to supply the colour red , and as it is a native of southern Europe and western Asia , it is not surprising that the shade of red so obtained is called Turkey red .
madder has chiefly been grown to supply the colour red , and as it is a native of southern europe and western asia , it is not surprising that the shade of red so [got] is called turkey red .

Its pungent and spicy flavour is unmistakable , and the oil obtained from the plant is that used in the manufacture of spearmint chewing-gum .
its pungent and spicy flavour is unmistakable , and the oil [got] from the plant is that used in the manufacture of spearmint chewing-gum .

Some control is obtained by planting it in a bottomless container ; spring or autumn are suitable times , and the runners can be detached
some control is [got] by planting it in a bottomless container ; spring or autumn are suitable times , and the runners can be detached

Planting should be in April , and the best plants will be obtained in soil which is deep and fertile .
planting should be in april , and the best plants will be [got] in soil which is deep and fertile .

From the Mediterranean coastlands , it obtained its name from the Latin ros and maris , dew of the sea , and has had associations with the mind and improving the memory since classical times ; witness the famous quotation in Hamlet , of poor Ophelia : `` There 's rosemary , that 's for remembrance `` .
from the mediterranean coastlands , it [got] its name from the latin ros and maris , dew of the sea , and has had associations with the mind and improving the memory since classical times ; witness the famous quotation in hamlet , of poor ophelia : `` there 's rosemary , that 's for remembrance `` .

In the short review which follows no particular effort has been made to distinguish between the results obtained with different classes of response measure ( accuracy or reaction time ) as the findings , by and large , are consistent with each other .
in the short review which follows no particular effort has been made to distinguish between the results [got] with different classes of response measure ( accuracy or reaction time ) as the findings , by and large , are consistent with each other .

He suggested that when subjects know to expect verbal stimuli , attentional mechanisms prime the left hemisphere for reception of this material and it is this attentional bias , rather than any inherent perceptual advantage , which gives rise to the right hemifield superiority in word and letter recognition typically obtained with unilateral stimulus presentation .
he suggested that when subjects know to expect verbal stimuli , attentional mechanisms prime the left hemisphere for reception of this material and it is this attentional bias , rather than any inherent perceptual advantage , which gives rise to the right hemifield superiority in word and letter recognition typically [got] with unilateral stimulus presentation .

Although there is evidence to support Kinsbourne 's hypothesis ( Kinsbourne , 1975a ; Cohen , 1975a ) it can not account for the results of those studies in which opposite field superiorities have been obtained for verbal and non-verbal stimuli presented randomly or simultaneously to each half field of vision ( Terrace , 1959 ; Berlucchi , Brizzolara , Marzi , Rizzolatti and Umilta , 1974 ; Hines , 1975 ; Klein , Moscovitch and Vigna , 1976 ; Pirozollo and Rayner , 1977 ) .
although there is evidence to support kinsbourne 's hypothesis ( kinsbourne , 1975a ; cohen , 1975a ) it can not account for the results of those studies in which opposite field superiorities have been [got] for verbal and non-verbal stimuli presented randomly or simultaneously to each half field of vision ( terrace , 1959 ; berlucchi , brizzolara , marzi , rizzolatti and umilta , 1974 ; hines , 1975 ; klein , moscovitch and vigna , 1976 ; pirozollo and rayner , 1977 ) .

The atypical but consistent finding of McKeever and his collaborators that a right field advantage can be obtained with both unilateral and bilateral stimulus presentation may be attributable in part to their use of very short exposure durations , and in part to their use of a digit as a `` fixation forcer `` .
the atypical but consistent finding of mckeever and his collaborators that a right field advantage can be [got] with both unilateral and bilateral stimulus presentation may be attributable in part to their use of very short exposure durations , and in part to their use of a digit as a `` fixation forcer `` .

Hines ( 1972 ) , for example , using exactly the same words as McKeever and Huling ( 1971a ) replicated the latter 's finding of a right field superiority in bilateral recognition when a digit was presented at fixation but obtained a significant left field advantage without the digit .
hines ( 1972 ) , for example , using exactly the same words as mckeever and huling ( 1971a ) replicated the latter 's finding of a right field superiority in bilateral recognition when a digit was presented at fixation but [got] a significant left field advantage without the digit .

With monocular viewing no field difference was found but with binocular viewing a left field superiority was obtained .
with monocular viewing no field difference was found but with binocular viewing a left field superiority was [got] .

Thus either the comparative inefficiency of one hemisphere in dealing with the information presented and/or a reduction in stimulus fidelity consequent upon hemispheric transfer are held to account for the advantage obtained for a particular half of the visual field .
thus either the comparative inefficiency of one hemisphere in dealing with the information presented and/or a reduction in stimulus fidelity consequent upon hemispheric transfer are held to account for the advantage [got] for a particular half of the visual field .

More recently , Marzi , Stefano , Tassinari and Crea ( 1979 ) , also using a post-cued partial report technique but without a mask , obtained a partial report advantage which decreased with increasing intervals between stimulus presentation and cue .
more recently , marzi , stefano , tassinari and crea ( 1979 ) , also using a post-cued partial report technique but without a mask , [got] a partial report advantage which decreased with increasing intervals between stimulus presentation and cue .

The fact that a right ear advantage was obtained in the experiment by Morais and Bertelson does not mean that there is no difference in functional potency of crossed and uncrossed pathways , but implies that competition between the two ears is not the sole and necessary determinant of auditory laterality effects .
the fact that a right ear advantage was [got] in the experiment by morais and bertelson does not mean that there is no difference in functional potency of crossed and uncrossed pathways , but implies that competition between the two ears is not the sole and necessary determinant of auditory laterality effects .

Zurif and Sait ( 1970 ) also obtained a difference between the ears in recognition of meaningless speech stimuli .
zurif and sait ( 1970 ) also [got] a difference between the ears in recognition of meaningless speech stimuli .

Robinson and Solomon ( 1974 ) , Natale ( 1977 ) and Gates and Bradshaw ( 1977a ) also obtained a right ear advantage in recognition of rhythm but dichotic pitch perception has yielded contradictory results ( for review see Craig , 1979a ) .
robinson and solomon ( 1974 ) , natale ( 1977 ) and gates and bradshaw ( 1977a ) also [got] a right ear advantage in recognition of rhythm but dichotic pitch perception has yielded contradictory results ( for review see craig , 1979a ) .

It is possible that the different results for dichotic recognition of melodies obtained by Kimura ( 1964 ) and Gordon ( 1970 ) were due not to stimulus differences in the two experiments but to differences in the musical experience of the subjects employed .
it is possible that the different results for dichotic recognition of melodies [got] by kimura ( 1964 ) and gordon ( 1970 ) were due not to stimulus differences in the two experiments but to differences in the musical experience of the subjects employed .

Comparable findings were obtained in an electrophysiological study by Hirshkowitz , Earle and Paley ( 1978 ) but a significant group-by-ear interaction has not always been found ( Gates and Bradshaw , 1977a ; Zattore , 1979 ) .
comparable findings were [got] in an electrophysiological study by hirshkowitz , earle and paley ( 1978 ) but a significant group-by-ear interaction has not always been found ( gates and bradshaw , 1977a ; zattore , 1979 ) .

If so `` it shows up as a difference in the wave forms obtained from one or more of the left and right hemisphere leads .
if so `` it shows up as a difference in the wave forms [got] from one or more of the left and right hemisphere leads .

In order to explain the different findings obtained according to whether the interviewer sat behind or in front of the subjects , Gur ( 1975 ) suggested that when the interviewer sits opposite the subject the latter 's anxiety level is increased which leads him to reply in a characteristic mode of thought .
in order to explain the different findings [got] according to whether the interviewer sat behind or in front of the subjects , gur ( 1975 ) suggested that when the interviewer sits opposite the subject the latter 's anxiety level is increased which leads him to reply in a characteristic mode of thought .

Results using these techniques are in broad agreement with those of the split-brain studies and with findings obtained from patients with unilateral cerebral lesions .
results using these techniques are in broad agreement with those of the split-brain studies and with findings [got] from patients with unilateral cerebral lesions .

Findings obtained with brain-damaged patients are discussed first , followed by the results of studies carried out with normal subjects .
findings [got] with brain-damaged patients are discussed first , followed by the results of studies carried out with normal subjects .

As the negative findings were obtained in studies of the effects of circumscribed missile wounds of the brain it may be that the positive findings are related to diffuse cerebral damage encroaching more frequently on the language areas of the brain .
as the negative findings were [got] in studies of the effects of circumscribed missile wounds of the brain it may be that the positive findings are related to diffuse cerebral damage encroaching more frequently on the language areas of the brain .

In the light of certain of the clinical evidence it might be expected that one factor influencing the direction or degree of perceptual asymmetry obtained in laboratory experiments among left handers would be their degree of sinistrality .
in the light of certain of the clinical evidence it might be expected that one factor influencing the direction or degree of perceptual asymmetry [got] in laboratory experiments among left handers would be their degree of sinistrality .

Results using the tachistoscopic paradigm and a variety of verbal tasks are as conflicting as those obtained with the dichotic technique .
results using the tachistoscopic paradigm and a variety of verbal tasks are as conflicting as those [got] with the dichotic technique .

This laterality effect was also obtained when the cursor for tracking the target was attached to the jaw ( Sussman and MacNeilage , 1975b ) but not if the jaw was used to track lateralised visual input ( MacNeilage , Sussman and Stolz , 1975 ) nor if it was the right hand that was used to track auditory input ( Sussman 1971 ) .
this laterality effect was also [got] when the cursor for tracking the target was attached to the jaw ( sussman and macneilage , 1975b ) but not if the jaw was used to track lateralised visual input ( macneilage , sussman and stolz , 1975 ) nor if it was the right hand that was used to track auditory input ( sussman 1971 ) .

Supporting evidence for the view that the right hemisphere may participate in the recovery from aphasia comes from findings obtained with the regional cerebral blood flow technique ( Meyers , Sakai , Yamaguchi , Yamamoto and Shaw , 1980 ) and from studies of dichotic listening performance which have shown a disproportionate increase in the left ear score with recovery ( Pettit and Noll , 1979 ) , at least among certain categories of aphasic patient ( Castro-Caldas and Botelho , 1980 ) .
supporting evidence for the view that the right hemisphere may participate in the recovery from aphasia comes from findings [got] with the regional cerebral blood flow technique ( meyers , sakai , yamaguchi , yamamoto and shaw , 1980 ) and from studies of dichotic listening performance which have shown a disproportionate increase in the left ear score with recovery ( pettit and noll , 1979 ) , at least among certain categories of aphasic patient ( castro-caldas and botelho , 1980 ) .

Gastro-intestinal disorders including indigestion , heartburn , and constipation , may be more difficult to asses in an obese individual , as the information obtained from a medical examination may be limited .
gastro-intestinal disorders including indigestion , heartburn , and constipation , may be more difficult to asses in an obese individual , as the information [got] from a medical examination may be limited .

The sensation obtained from a meal does usually switch the appetite off .
the sensation [got] from a meal does usually switch the appetite off .

For some combinations of a and b there is more than one possible stable solution : two different periodic solutions , obtained with the same a and b , but different initial conditions , are seen in Figs .
for some combinations of a and b there is more than one possible stable solution : two different periodic solutions , [got] with the same a and b , but different initial conditions , are seen in figs .

If a meaning can not be obtained from the context , consult a dictionary which provides archaic meanings .
if a meaning can not be [got] from the context , consult a dictionary which provides archaic meanings .

Similar results were obtained by Osborne ( 1977 ) in New England .
similar results were [got] by osborne ( 1977 ) in new england .

There is considerable doubt as to the identity of the colour named `` Tyrian Purple `` for a wide range of colours may be obtained from Mediterranean muricids , depending on the species used and the process employed .
there is considerable doubt as to the identity of the colour named `` tyrian purple `` for a wide range of colours may be [got] from mediterranean muricids , depending on the species used and the process employed .

Short of reliable military forces the government obtained its troops from many sources : some regular dragoon regiments were sent as garrisons , particularly during the eighteenth century .
short of reliable military forces the government [got] its troops from many sources : some regular dragoon regiments were sent as garrisons , particularly during the eighteenth century .

When the Demidovs had first built mines and smelting works in the hills , they had been fortified and special permission was obtained from the government for the industrialists to hire a private army for protection .
when the demidovs had first built mines and smelting works in the hills , they had been fortified and special permission was [got] from the government for the industrialists to hire a private army for protection .

One consisted of the peoples of the forest and tundra , who chiefly relied upon reindeer skins for their clothing and shelter , and obtained their food by hunting game with spears , and bows and arrows , by fishing and by gathering nuts , berries and roots .
one consisted of the peoples of the forest and tundra , who chiefly relied upon reindeer skins for their clothing and shelter , and [got] their food by hunting game with spears , and bows and arrows , by fishing and by gathering nuts , berries and roots .

Thus the system of exogamy prevailed , according to which a bride had to be obtained from another clan , ‘ bride-price ’ and dowry being given according to an agreement between the parents .
thus the system of exogamy prevailed , according to which a bride had to be [got] from another clan , ‘ bride-price ’ and dowry being given according to an agreement between the parents .

Liz , Alix and Esther all obtained places at the college of their choice , in Cambridge , and there were reunited , to gossip there and elsewhere over subsequent decades of their fortuitous friendship .
liz , alix and esther all [got] places at the college of their choice , in cambridge , and there were reunited , to gossip there and elsewhere over subsequent decades of their fortuitous friendship .

In a recent well-publicised controversy a group of scientists claimed to have obtained results whereby water that once had a certain substance in it continued to behave as if the substance was present even after the substance had been removed ; as if the water retained a ‘ memory ’ of the substance .
in a recent well-publicised controversy a group of scientists claimed to have [got] results whereby water that once had a certain substance in it continued to behave as if the substance was present even after the substance had been removed ; as if the water retained a ‘ memory ’ of the substance .

Results obtained by experimenters whose aims were known to their subjects are mistrusted .
results [got] by experimenters whose aims were known to their subjects are mistrusted .

Furthermore , there is no guarantee that the information obtained is entirely reliable .
furthermore , there is no guarantee that the information [got] is entirely reliable .

Material obtained from terminated fetuses will allow cytogenetic and molecular characterization of the relationships between the fetus and its extraembryonic tissues , contributing to an understanding of events preceding various clinically recognized conditions .
material [got] from terminated fetuses will allow cytogenetic and molecular characterization of the relationships between the fetus and its extraembryonic tissues , contributing to an understanding of events preceding various clinically recognized conditions .

High buckminsterfullerene yields have been obtained in a heated pulsed laser vaporization where there is no continuous source of new small radicals as there might be from the arc .
high buckminsterfullerene yields have been [got] in a heated pulsed laser vaporization where there is no continuous source of new small radicals as there might be from the arc .

The composition of the material produced under a variety of conditions may plausibly be compared with simulations based on the data obtained from the drift-tube collapse .
the composition of the material produced under a variety of conditions may plausibly be compared with simulations based on the data [got] from the drift-tube collapse .

Similar results have also been obtained from Skjomen , a fjord close to the polar circle , and for Ullsfjorden , north of Tromsø .
similar results have also been [got] from skjomen , a fjord close to the polar circle , and for ullsfjorden , north of tromsø .

Earlier data contradicting the flocculus hypothesis were obtained in the ventral paraflocculus .
earlier data contradicting the flocculus hypothesis were [got] in the ventral paraflocculus .

i ) Permission must be obtained from all people appearing in your shots for their entry in the competition , and their possible appearance in advertisements .
i ) permission must be [got] from all people appearing in your shots for their entry in the competition , and their possible appearance in advertisements .

There is a lack of readily usable statistics on service employment in rural areas , but some idea of its form and extent can be obtained from considering the national trends in service employment ( table 3.1 ) .
there is a lack of readily usable statistics on service employment in rural areas , but some idea of its form and extent can be [got] from considering the national trends in service employment ( table 3.1 ) .

Again , low-income local families may need council houses but the in-migrant middle class may oppose all new developments , having obtained their own foothold in the village .
again , low-income local families may need council houses but the in-migrant middle class may oppose all new developments , having [got] their own foothold in the village .

Many commentators would now agree that the marginal costs of making fuller use of existing facilities outweigh the economies of scale to be obtained from their concentration .
many commentators would now agree that the marginal costs of making fuller use of existing facilities outweigh the economies of scale to be [got] from their concentration .

This material was to have been obtained from files returned to the police after the completion of the case ( in the courts , or otherwise ) .
this material was to have been [got] from files returned to the police after the completion of the case ( in the courts , or otherwise ) .

The measure of co-operation was obtained by asking if the respondent would probably report to the police an offence he had witnessed .
the measure of co-operation was [got] by asking if the respondent would probably report to the police an offence he had witnessed .

An application by the defendants to the High Court in 1990 to discharge the order on the ground that the benefit they obtained from the publication of the book was not a benefit within the meaning of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 was unsuccessful .
an application by the defendants to the high court in 1990 to discharge the order on the ground that the benefit they [got] from the publication of the book was not a benefit within the meaning of the criminal justice act 1988 was unsuccessful .

The attempt by the English Crown Prosecution Service to obtain the confiscation of the benefits obtained by Randle and Pottle from the publication of their book raises a number of important questions about the nature , scope and purpose of the legislation which permits such actions .
the attempt by the english crown prosecution service to obtain the confiscation of the benefits [got] by randle and pottle from the publication of their book raises a number of important questions about the nature , scope and purpose of the legislation which permits such actions .

Section 71 ( 4 ) compendiously provides that ‘ a person benefits from an offence if he obtains property as a result of or in connection with its commission and his benefits is the value of the property so obtained .
section 71 ( 4 ) compendiously provides that ‘ a person benefits from an offence if he obtains property as a result of or in connection with its commission and his benefits is the value of the property so [got] .

The legislation renders liable to forfeiture any benefit derived from the publication of material concerning the circumstances of the offence , from the publication of material concerning the defendant 's opinions , exploits or life history ( provided that the benefit was attributable in whole or in part to notoriety achieved through commission of the offence ) or any benefit obtained by commercial exploitation in any other way of notoriety achieved through commission of the offence . )
the legislation renders liable to forfeiture any benefit derived from the publication of material concerning the circumstances of the offence , from the publication of material concerning the defendant 's opinions , exploits or life history ( provided that the benefit was attributable in whole or in part to notoriety achieved through commission of the offence ) or any benefit [got] by commercial exploitation in any other way of notoriety achieved through commission of the offence . )

On October 13 , 1988 a social worker who had become concerned about her condition obtained a warrant under section 135 of the Mental Health Act 1983 and attended the patient 's home with doctors and police and , following an examination , the patient was admitted to a hospital for 72 hours .
on october 13 , 1988 a social worker who had become concerned about her condition [got] a warrant under section 135 of the mental health act 1983 and attended the patient 's home with doctors and police and , following an examination , the patient was admitted to a hospital for 72 hours .

There is nothing on the face of section 76 ( 2 ) ( b ) to indicate that it is exclusively concerned with confessions obtained by police misconduct .
there is nothing on the face of section 76 ( 2 ) ( b ) to indicate that it is exclusively concerned with confessions [got] by police misconduct .

The centre shows a map of the receptive field of a particular ganglion cell obtained using a stationary spot .
the centre shows a map of the receptive field of a particular ganglion cell [got] using a stationary spot .

All of the capacities could have evolved independently , but then obtained further impetus for change from the gradual emergence of language .
all of the capacities could have evolved independently , but then [got] further impetus for change from the gradual emergence of language .

The tenants ( foreros ) paid a customary quit rent to the owner of the dominium eminens or forista ; as in most parts of the world where such tenures obtained , tenants came to look on themselves as outright owners .
the tenants ( foreros ) paid a customary quit rent to the owner of the dominium eminens or forista ; as in most parts of the world where such tenures [got] , tenants came to look on themselves as outright owners .

Men are the only animals to set store by discovering , acquiring and displaying materials comparatively rare in nature , frequently only to be obtained from distant sources and commonly useless for the purposes of daily life .
men are the only animals to set store by discovering , acquiring and displaying materials comparatively rare in nature , frequently only to be [got] from distant sources and commonly useless for the purposes of daily life .

Honour was to be obtained by engaging in activities and indulging interests which were essentially and palpably useless .
honour was to be [got] by engaging in activities and indulging interests which were essentially and palpably useless .

If these early farmers were able to satisfy their biological needs from resources obtained within an hour 's walk of their home bases , the ‘ site catchment areas ’ of Higgs and Vita-Finzi , this was far from enough to satisfy their full requirements as human beings .
if these early farmers were able to satisfy their biological needs from resources [got] within an hour 's walk of their home bases , the ‘ site catchment areas ’ of higgs and vita-finzi , this was far from enough to satisfy their full requirements as human beings .

The cave-dwellers of the Dordogne obtained shells from the Mediterranean and those of Mentone had apparently secured some of theirs from as far afield as the Indian Ocean .
the cave-dwellers of the dordogne [got] shells from the mediterranean and those of mentone had apparently secured some of theirs from as far afield as the indian ocean .

True ivory is one of the few substances to have been highly esteemed for symbolic purposes wherever it could be obtained .
true ivory is one of the few substances to have been highly esteemed for symbolic purposes wherever it could be [got] .

That they may have obtained some of their supplies of ivory from that quarter is suggested by finds of this material at the intermediate entrepot of Bahrain .
that they may have [got] some of their supplies of ivory from that quarter is suggested by finds of this material at the intermediate entrepot of bahrain .

The Maori obtained their nephrite adze blades by cutting grooves from either face of a boulder , using abrasives and water .
the maori [got] their nephrite adze blades by cutting grooves from either face of a boulder , using abrasives and water .

Gold obtained by mining pebble conglomerates or veins in a quartz matrix embedded in rock involves the use of greater resources for detaching the ore , bringing it to the surface , pulverizing and purifying it .
gold [got] by mining pebble conglomerates or veins in a quartz matrix embedded in rock involves the use of greater resources for detaching the ore , bringing it to the surface , pulverizing and purifying it .

It follows that the methods by which gold was obtained differed according to social circumstances .
it follows that the methods by which gold was [got] differed according to social circumstances .

The Sumerians obtained their gold as well as their copper from the north .
the sumerians [got] their gold as well as their copper from the north .

When they first obtained them from India the Romans mounted them as finger-rings less for their appearance than as symbols of hardness and strength .
when they first [got] them from india the romans mounted them as finger-rings less for their appearance than as symbols of hardness and strength .

Until the South African mines were opened up during the last decade of the nineteenth century , diamonds were obtained exclusively from alluvial deposits , often those which also produced gold .
until the south african mines were opened up during the last decade of the nineteenth century , diamonds were [got] exclusively from alluvial deposits , often those which also produced gold .

Secondly , there are variations in the effect on the admissibility of information obtained as a result of the investigation .
secondly , there are variations in the effect on the admissibility of information [got] as a result of the investigation .

It is also true that section 2 ( 8 ) does not provide complete protection , since information obtained in answer to questions ( such as , for example , the location of funds in a foreign bank account ) can lead to the disclosure of damaging facts which once known can be proved by other means , even if the answers themselves can not be put in evidence .
it is also true that section 2 ( 8 ) does not provide complete protection , since information [got] in answer to questions ( such as , for example , the location of funds in a foreign bank account ) can lead to the disclosure of damaging facts which once known can be proved by other means , even if the answers themselves can not be put in evidence .

It appears to reflect a course of practice , developed during the latter part of the 19th century , to abstain from questioning , not after charge , but after the suspect had been taken into custody ; and it appears that in general any evidence obtained from such questioning was regarded as inadmissible : see Archbold 's Criminal Pleading Evidence & Practice , 28th ed .
it appears to reflect a course of practice , developed during the latter part of the 19th century , to abstain from questioning , not after charge , but after the suspect had been taken into custody ; and it appears that in general any evidence [got] from such questioning was regarded as inadmissible : see archbold 's criminal pleading evidence & practice , 28th ed .

Where once it was sufficient of an adventure for a lone girl to enter the deserted mansion at the far end of the village , today the element of adventure , of venturing , can be plausibly obtained at the end of a plane flight .
where once it was sufficient of an adventure for a lone girl to enter the deserted mansion at the far end of the village , today the element of adventure , of venturing , can be plausibly [got] at the end of a plane flight .

For a few years after 1413 a lease on the islands of Korcula , Hvar and Brac was obtained with the agreement of the Habsburg Emperor , Sigismund , but the Ragusans failed to maintain their position in face of the hostility of the islanders and the rivalries of their Venetian , Hungarian and Slav neighbours .
for a few years after 1413 a lease on the islands of korcula , hvar and brac was [got] with the agreement of the habsburg emperor , sigismund , but the ragusans failed to maintain their position in face of the hostility of the islanders and the rivalries of their venetian , hungarian and slav neighbours .

Park and Sears compared these results with those obtained using a different estimate of daily price volatility .
park and sears compared these results with those [got] using a different estimate of daily price volatility .

The sale catalogue , marked with prices obtained for each book — a total of some £3,000 — is still to be seen in the British Library today .
the sale catalogue , marked with prices [got] for each book — a total of some £3,000 — is still to be seen in the british library today .

Help starts with social work and this is now more readily obtained locally through the area team structure .
help starts with social work and this is now more readily [got] locally through the area team structure .

Mobile meals services can be provided or luncheon clubs for the more active old person , where company and entertainment can be obtained as well as a meal .
mobile meals services can be provided or luncheon clubs for the more active old person , where company and entertainment can be [got] as well as a meal .

If it is not possible to obtain informed consent , the opinion of a second , independent psychiatrist must be obtained , backed by consultation with non-medical members of the clinical team .
if it is not possible to obtain informed consent , the opinion of a second , independent psychiatrist must be [got] , backed by consultation with non-medical members of the clinical team .

Because of changes in the use of coding systems in the Danish Cancer Registry , information about histology was obtained differently before and after 1978 .
because of changes in the use of coding systems in the danish cancer registry , information about histology was [got] differently before and after 1978 .

Four of these cancers were well or moderately well differentiated , and five of the six bone scans obtained yielded negative results .
four of these cancers were well or moderately well differentiated , and five of the six bone scans [got] yielded negative results .

Full thickness biopsy specimens of the iliac crest were obtained under local anaesthesia after the women had received two separate doses of demeclocycline , and a venous blood sample was taken .
full thickness biopsy specimens of the iliac crest were [got] under local anaesthesia after the women had received two separate doses of demeclocycline , and a venous blood sample was taken .

Population figures were obtained directly from the practices ' computer systems .
population figures were [got] directly from the practices ' computer systems .

The final result awarded to each candidate takes into consideration the formative assessment results obtained during their clinical attachment , which incorporates a summative assessment obtained before the examination .
the final result awarded to each candidate takes into consideration the formative assessment results [got] during their clinical attachment , which incorporates a summative assessment [got] before the examination .

Other humorous and serious anecdotes can be obtained by speaking to the subjects of your speech or their families and colleagues . Ask them : What was the most surprising thing that happened to you when you started working on the buses/in the shop/in the hospital/in the school ? Have there been any funny customers/patients/pupils/incidents ? Who was your best pupil/patient ? What was the most useful thing you learnt when you started working/teaching ? Did you have any disasters at the beginning ? What was your greatest success !
other humorous and serious anecdotes can be [got] by speaking to the subjects of your speech or their families and colleagues . ask them : what was the most surprising thing that happened to you when you started working on the buses/in the shop/in the hospital/in the school ? have there been any funny customers/patients/pupils/incidents ? who was your best pupil/patient ? what was the most useful thing you learnt when you started working/teaching ? did you have any disasters at the beginning ? what was your greatest success !

For a third of the women these hardships were temporarily alleviated when they obtained new paid employment .
for a third of the women these hardships were temporarily alleviated when they [got] new paid employment .

Swiftly a ‘ marriage bar ’ was introduced , though its application does not appear to have been universal in the civil service until 1894 when government typists ( hitherto an ‘ unestablished ’ all-female grade ) obtained permanent , pensionable ‘ established ’ status by agreeing to a rule requiring automatic resignation on marriage .
swiftly a ‘ marriage bar ’ was introduced , though its application does not appear to have been universal in the civil service until 1894 when government typists ( hitherto an ‘ unestablished ’ all-female grade ) [got] permanent , pensionable ‘ established ’ status by agreeing to a rule requiring automatic resignation on marriage .

‘ The vast majority of materials received now by the Library through copyright are not obtained by mandatory deposit , but through voluntary registration stimulated by the incentives of recovering statutory damages and attorneys ’ fees in infringement cases , ’ Mr Billington said .
‘ the vast majority of materials received now by the library through copyright are not [got] by mandatory deposit , but through voluntary registration stimulated by the incentives of recovering statutory damages and attorneys ’ fees in infringement cases , ’ mr billington said .

Mitoplasts were obtained by incubation of mitochondria with digitonin 100µg/mg protein ( 17 ) .
mitoplasts were [got] by incubation of mitochondria with digitonin 100µg/mg protein ( 17 ) .

We conclude that the obtained variations in the base modification pattern in the different tRNA variants are due to changes in the normal 3D-structure of tRNA Asp caused by the introduced mutations .
we conclude that the [got] variations in the base modification pattern in the different trna variants are due to changes in the normal 3d-structure of trna asp caused by the introduced mutations .

The data presented here also imply that before any conclusions are drawn on biological effects obtained through point mutations in tRNAs , it should be investigated if the base-modification pattern was altered and if such alterations might have been the primary cause of the biological observed effect .
the data presented here also imply that before any conclusions are drawn on biological effects [got] through point mutations in trnas , it should be investigated if the base-modification pattern was altered and if such alterations might have been the primary cause of the biological observed effect .

With 2 cm plexiglass the shielding was slightly better than with 1 cm ( 95.57±0.08 % vs 94.07±0.06 % , p < 10 -6 , shielding 1 vs 2 ) , but efficient shielding was only obtained using lead ( shielding 3–6 ) .
with 2 cm plexiglass the shielding was slightly better than with 1 cm ( 95.57±0.08 % vs 94.07±0.06 % , p < 10 -6 , shielding 1 vs 2 ) , but efficient shielding was only [got] using lead ( shielding 3–6 ) .

Even though marginal improvements could be obtained by increasing plexiglass thickness , satisfactory shielding was obtained using 1 cm plexiglass with 1 mm lead on the outside .
even though marginal improvements could be [got] by increasing plexiglass thickness , satisfactory shielding was [got] using 1 cm plexiglass with 1 mm lead on the outside .

More efficient shielding could , however , be obtained by combining plexiglass and lead .
more efficient shielding could , however , be [got] by combining plexiglass and lead .

The estimates were obtained by Labour 's shadow Social Security Secretary , Donald Dewar .
the estimates were [got] by labour 's shadow social security secretary , donald dewar .

This new method was exemplified to clone PCR-fragments obtained from a DNA-region about 8.4 kb upstream of the trpGDC -cluster of Azospirillum brasilense Sp7 leading to the identification of pyrG which encodes a CTP-synthase ( 6 ) .
this new method was exemplified to clone pcr-fragments [got] from a dna-region about 8.4 kb upstream of the trpgdc -cluster of azospirillum brasilense sp7 leading to the identification of pyrg which encodes a ctp-synthase ( 6 ) .

The second crucial question is whether these results could have been obtained without deception .
the second crucial question is whether these results could have been [got] without deception .

Numerator data are based on registration returns about child deaths , whereas denominator data are obtained from the 1981 census .
numerator data are based on registration returns about child deaths , whereas denominator data are [got] from the 1981 census .

Time of presentation can be more objectively obtained from hospital records and is more relevant when assessing service requirements .
time of presentation can be more objectively [got] from hospital records and is more relevant when assessing service requirements .

We obtained data by retrospective examination of hospital records .
we [got] data by retrospective examination of hospital records .

We obtained data from the information and statistics division on all patients aged less than 73 years with a diagnostic code of Alzheimer 's disease , senile dementia , presenile dementia , arteriosclerotic dementia , senile dementia with acute confusional state , or dementia unspecified attending all general psychiatric hospitals during 1974 to 1988 .
we [got] data from the information and statistics division on all patients aged less than 73 years with a diagnostic code of alzheimer 's disease , senile dementia , presenile dementia , arteriosclerotic dementia , senile dementia with acute confusional state , or dementia unspecified attending all general psychiatric hospitals during 1974 to 1988 .

Views were also obtained from local family doctor committees and from medical advisers to the Mental Welfare Commission .
views were also [got] from local family doctor committees and from medical advisers to the mental welfare commission .

Ethical approval to scrutinise hospital records was obtained from ethics committees of all health boards in Scotland and from the privacy committee of the Scottish Home and Health Department .
ethical approval to scrutinise hospital records was [got] from ethics committees of all health boards in scotland and from the privacy committee of the scottish home and health department .

The attitude of the family has implications for the style of initial assessment carried out by the psychiatrist ; if the psychiatrist realises from the outset that other agencies are involved then consent of the family for reports may be obtained at an early stage .
the attitude of the family has implications for the style of initial assessment carried out by the psychiatrist ; if the psychiatrist realises from the outset that other agencies are involved then consent of the family for reports may be [got] at an early stage .

As the numbers were so small the table also gives our results amalgamated with those obtained in Oxford : in these two large teaching hospitals the perinatal death rate in cases in which vaginal delivery is planned ( 2.9/1000 ) is no different from that in elective caesarean section is carried out ( 2.3/1000 ) or in all cases ( 2.7/1000 ) .
as the numbers were so small the table also gives our results amalgamated with those [got] in oxford : in these two large teaching hospitals the perinatal death rate in cases in which vaginal delivery is planned ( 2.9/1000 ) is no different from that in elective caesarean section is carried out ( 2.3/1000 ) or in all cases ( 2.7/1000 ) .

Specific ethical approval was not obtained for physiological recordings , which were considered part of clinical management .
specific ethical approval was not [got] for physiological recordings , which were considered part of clinical management .

The provision of home recordings has provided important benefits : the validity of parental observations was objectively determined ; a log of compliance with home recording was obtained ; and there were fewer time constraints on its use .
the provision of home recordings has provided important benefits : the validity of parental observations was objectively determined ; a log of compliance with home recording was [got] ; and there were fewer time constraints on its use .

The local ethical committee 's approval and patients ' informed consent were obtained for the study .
the local ethical committee 's approval and patients ' informed consent were [got] for the study .

Samples of the ethnic remedies obtained from the hakim were analysed by flameless atomic absorption spectrophotometry and x ray diffraction analysis ( table ) .
samples of the ethnic remedies [got] from the hakim were analysed by flameless atomic absorption spectrophotometry and x ray diffraction analysis ( table ) .

We reviewed the mycobacterial isolates obtained from the tuberculosis laboratory of the Royal Free Hospital during the period January 1991 to October 1992 .
we reviewed the mycobacterial isolates [got] from the tuberculosis laboratory of the royal free hospital during the period january 1991 to october 1992 .

The long term clinical results ( over 10 years ) obtained with some implants ( some of the cheapest on the market today ) are very good , with failure rates of less than 1 % a year .
the long term clinical results ( over 10 years ) [got] with some implants ( some of the cheapest on the market today ) are very good , with failure rates of less than 1 % a year .

We could not identify all such workers as complete records have not survived and instead used the closest approximations possible — namely , records incorporating home address of all those ( more than 17000 ) attending the medical centre at the Sullom Voe oil terminal in Shetland during its construction phase ( believed to represent a high proportion of all but short stay workers ) ; 3500 construction workers at the Flotta oil terminal in Orkney ( incomplete data ) ; and more than 10000 offshore workers , being all those who obtained an offshore survival certificate ( required for such work ) in Scotland in the period from June 1976 ( the earliest date for which records have not been destroyed ) to 1980 .
we could not identify all such workers as complete records have not survived and instead used the closest approximations possible — namely , records incorporating home address of all those ( more than 17000 ) attending the medical centre at the sullom voe oil terminal in shetland during its construction phase ( believed to represent a high proportion of all but short stay workers ) ; 3500 construction workers at the flotta oil terminal in orkney ( incomplete data ) ; and more than 10000 offshore workers , being all those who [got] an offshore survival certificate ( required for such work ) in scotland in the period from june 1976 ( the earliest date for which records have not been destroyed ) to 1980 .

The other two groups were also not fully ascertained ( in particular offshore workers who obtained their survival certificate before mid-1976 ) .
the other two groups were also not fully ascertained ( in particular offshore workers who [got] their survival certificate before mid-1976 ) .

After fully informed consent was obtained eligible patients were registered by phone at the central statistical office at the University of Vienna .
after fully informed consent was [got] eligible patients were registered by phone at the central statistical office at the university of vienna .

District ethical committee approval was given and informed consent obtained from the parents .
district ethical committee approval was given and informed consent [got] from the parents .

Further information was obtained from performance indicators from the Department of Health .
further information was [got] from performance indicators from the department of health .

The following information was obtained for each visit : practice code number , the quarter of the year in which the form was received , the patient 's year of birth , the date and time of the visit , and the relationship of the visiting doctor to the claiming doctor — that is , partner , locum , assistant , trainee , member of a rota , or a commercial deputy .
the following information was [got] for each visit : practice code number , the quarter of the year in which the form was received , the patient 's year of birth , the date and time of the visit , and the relationship of the visiting doctor to the claiming doctor — that is , partner , locum , assistant , trainee , member of a rota , or a commercial deputy .

The rates of payment for previous years were obtained from old amendments to the statements of fees and allowances .
the rates of payment for previous years were [got] from old amendments to the statements of fees and allowances .

The annual number of night visits was obtained by adding up the four quarterly totals ending in September in each year .
the annual number of night visits was [got] by adding up the four quarterly totals ending in september in each year .

Further information about claims for night visits in Berkshire and in England and Wales was obtained by using the health service indicators supplied to family health services authorities by the Department of Health .
further information about claims for night visits in berkshire and in england and wales was [got] by using the health service indicators supplied to family health services authorities by the department of health .

The table summarises the data obtained from the selected journals .
the table summarises the data [got] from the selected journals .

Fees can be obtained from Medicare and topped up with private insurance .
fees can be [got] from medicare and topped up with private insurance .

Full details of all the package offers and general spa facilities can be obtained from the Baden Tourist Office .
full details of all the package offers and general spa facilities can be [got] from the baden tourist office .

Zurich has several exciting vantage points from which superb views of the city , the lake and the far-off mountains can be obtained .
zurich has several exciting vantage points from which superb views of the city , the lake and the far-off mountains can be [got] .

From the serpentine turns of the road magnificent views are obtained of the long sierra ridge of the 2,199m ( 7,213ft ) high Hohgant , pride of the Emmental region .
from the serpentine turns of the road magnificent views are [got] of the long sierra ridge of the 2,199m ( 7,213ft ) high hohgant , pride of the emmental region .

1818 " The Meeting appoint the Islay peck measure to be regulated by the measure obtained from Sterling . "
1818 " the meeting appoint the islay peck measure to be regulated by the measure [got] from sterling . "

Allan MacDougall , son of the joiner Peter MacDougall , left for London where he had obtained an appointment in the Custom House .
allan macdougall , son of the joiner peter macdougall , left for london where he had [got] an appointment in the custom house .

In addition , listings of children with leukaemia or non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma were obtained from the childhood cancer research group 's national registry of childhood tumours .
in addition , listings of children with leukaemia or non-hodgkin 's lymphoma were [got] from the childhood cancer research group 's national registry of childhood tumours .

Birth certificates of cases and controls were obtained from the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys .
birth certificates of cases and controls were [got] from the office of population censuses and surveys .

Details about dates of employment and health physics records were obtained for all parents confirmed as having been employed at a nuclear establishment before their child 's cancer was diagnosed ( or for controls , before the date of diagnosis of the corresponding case ) .
details about dates of employment and health physics records were [got] for all parents confirmed as having been employed at a nuclear establishment before their child 's cancer was diagnosed ( or for controls , before the date of diagnosis of the corresponding case ) .

The risks estimated on the basis of information recorded at interview were consistent with those estimated on the basis of information obtained from the nuclear industry .
the risks estimated on the basis of information recorded at interview were consistent with those estimated on the basis of information [got] from the nuclear industry .

Information about parental employment and monitoring for exposure to ionising radiation was obtained from nuclear industry files and is likely to be complete and unbiased .
information about parental employment and monitoring for exposure to ionising radiation was [got] from nuclear industry files and is likely to be complete and unbiased .

Not all parents were interviewed and self reported details on radiation exposure could be biased , so emphasis is given here to results obtained from industrial records .
not all parents were interviewed and self reported details on radiation exposure could be biased , so emphasis is given here to results [got] from industrial records .

Information on mortality was obtained from general practitioner notes , hospital information systems , and family health services authority returns on deaths and departed patients .
information on mortality was [got] from general practitioner notes , hospital information systems , and family health services authority returns on deaths and departed patients .

Results were obtained for 318 study patients .
results were [got] for 318 study patients .

We have obtained supplies of several of these patches and have examined nicotine absorption .
we have [got] supplies of several of these patches and have examined nicotine absorption .

In both subjects these concentrations were considerably lower than concentrations obtained with previously studied pharmaceutical patches ( 8.6 µg/l and 20.0 µg/l ) .
in both subjects these concentrations were considerably lower than concentrations [got] with previously studied pharmaceutical patches ( 8.6 µg/l and 20.0 µg/l ) .

Information obtained from microbiologists and control of infection from nine hospitals in the South West region reveals that most have abandoned the concept of high risk patients .
information [got] from microbiologists and control of infection from nine hospitals in the south west region reveals that most have abandoned the concept of high risk patients .

The case series quoted in their article in support of a low mortality after intervention in elderly people may not be representative as published series are often of highly selected patients and from centres of excellence and are likely to overestimate the results obtained in more typical practice .
the case series quoted in their article in support of a low mortality after intervention in elderly people may not be representative as published series are often of highly selected patients and from centres of excellence and are likely to overestimate the results [got] in more typical practice .

Even if funding is obtained it is nearly always precarious .
even if funding is [got] it is nearly always precarious .

Quite a few come directly from carers and we advise them to have the sufferer assessed by a consultant so a proper diagnosis is obtained .
quite a few come directly from carers and we advise them to have the sufferer assessed by a consultant so a proper diagnosis is [got] .

Further information can be obtained from Nikon on
further information can be [got] from nikon on

Prices range from £44.95 to £59.95 and further details can be obtained from Maplin on
prices range from £44.95 to £59.95 and further details can be [got] from maplin on

However , permission to photograph with tripod in the Chinese Garden is required , and may be obtained from the Manager , who is usually at the location — otherwise , permission-seeking may involve a visit to the Harbour Authorities .
however , permission to photograph with tripod in the chinese garden is required , and may be [got] from the manager , who is usually at the location — otherwise , permission-seeking may involve a visit to the harbour authorities .

There was no significant difference in severity of disease between the groups who had obtained and had not obtained higher qualifications .
there was no significant difference in severity of disease between the groups who had [got] and had not [got] higher qualifications .

The diagnosis can be made clinically by careful abdominal examination after a suggestive history has been obtained .
the diagnosis can be made clinically by careful abdominal examination after a suggestive history has been [got] .

The high proportion of false negative results obtained emphasises that imaging studies on infants are best done by those who perform them regularly and have developed skill in paediatric diagnostic imaging .
the high proportion of false negative results [got] emphasises that imaging studies on infants are best done by those who perform them regularly and have developed skill in paediatric diagnostic imaging .

The resistance patterns of 171 resistant propionibacteria obtained from 143 patients were analysed in detail ( table ) .
the resistance patterns of 171 resistant propionibacteria [got] from 143 patients were analysed in detail ( table ) .

Data on exposure to high temperatures and on transport ( such as mode , duration , distance , and refrigeration ) were obtained by means of a short questionnaire completed by the recipient on opening the package of vaccine .
data on exposure to high temperatures and on transport ( such as mode , duration , distance , and refrigeration ) were [got] by means of a short questionnaire completed by the recipient on opening the package of vaccine .

They were obtained from the age-sex register of a large general practice in London , and those who responded ( 77 % ) were similar to the national average in height , weight , and smoking habits .
they were [got] from the age-sex register of a large general practice in london , and those who responded ( 77 % ) were similar to the national average in height , weight , and smoking habits .

Such a recent letter , easily faxed , may provide sufficient data for an unfamiliar doctor or team to cope until notes are found , and if letters are stored as a cumulative file on a word processor a fairly complete history may easily be obtained from a secretary .
such a recent letter , easily faxed , may provide sufficient data for an unfamiliar doctor or team to cope until notes are found , and if letters are stored as a cumulative file on a word processor a fairly complete history may easily be [got] from a secretary .

In 260 pregnancies ( 3.7 % of the total ) the two hour glucose value on testing was > 6.9 mmol/l , and clinical details of the mother and baby were obtained from the case notes in these cases .
in 260 pregnancies ( 3.7 % of the total ) the two hour glucose value on testing was > 6.9 mmol/l , and clinical details of the mother and baby were [got] from the case notes in these cases .

Evidence on the value of screening has been obtained mostly from countries with well developed health care systems .
evidence on the value of screening has been [got] mostly from countries with well developed health care systems .

The idea of space , he argues , is not obtained by abstraction from particular spatial relations ; rather our ability to see things as spatially related already presupposes an idea of a unitary space .
the idea of space , he argues , is not [got] by abstraction from particular spatial relations ; rather our ability to see things as spatially related already presupposes an idea of a unitary space .

Prototheca wickerhamii ( strain 263-11 ) was obtained from the ‘ Sammlung von Algenkulturen , Göttingen , Germany ’ and grown as described ( 25 ) .
prototheca wickerhamii ( strain 263-11 ) was [got] from the ‘ sammlung von algenkulturen , göttingen , germany ’ and grown as described ( 25 ) .

Essentially the same result was obtained with the program of Hein ( 34 ) .
essentially the same result was [got] with the program of hein ( 34 ) .

Information was obtained from English and Scottish samples selected by stratified random sampling of employment exchange areas with proportionally more children from poorer social groups .
information was [got] from english and scottish samples selected by stratified random sampling of employment exchange areas with proportionally more children from poorer social groups .

Expected values of birth weight for gestational age were obtained by regressing the natural logarithm of birth weight on gestational age .
expected values of birth weight for gestational age were [got] by regressing the natural logarithm of birth weight on gestational age .

The information collected , which was directly comparable with that obtained in 1979 , fell into two broad sections : demographic data , including date and place of admission , date of birth , sex , and marital status ; and information on functioning of residents during the previous week in activities necessary for daily living such as mobility , continence , and the ability to wash and dress and to feed .
the information collected , which was directly comparable with that [got] in 1979 , fell into two broad sections : demographic data , including date and place of admission , date of birth , sex , and marital status ; and information on functioning of residents during the previous week in activities necessary for daily living such as mobility , continence , and the ability to wash and dress and to feed .

Having obtained permission to walk over the land , a group of people divide the area between them ( usually in the squares of a grid marked out in some way on the ground ) , and each person collects and records any finds in their particular area .
having [got] permission to walk over the land , a group of people divide the area between them ( usually in the squares of a grid marked out in some way on the ground ) , and each person collects and records any finds in their particular area .

With all three methods outlined above , the best results are obtained by conducting a systematic survey , usually on a marked-out grid , so that the results can be plotted as a plan of the site .
with all three methods outlined above , the best results are [got] by conducting a systematic survey , usually on a marked-out grid , so that the results can be plotted as a plan of the site .

The first moves towards dating involved the ordering of finds according to an assumed technological development : the theory was that stone tools preceded copper tools , copper tools preceded bronze tools , bronze tools preceded iron tools , and that iron tools continued in use into the historical period when dates could be obtained from written records .
the first moves towards dating involved the ordering of finds according to an assumed technological development : the theory was that stone tools preceded copper tools , copper tools preceded bronze tools , bronze tools preceded iron tools , and that iron tools continued in use into the historical period when dates could be [got] from written records .

Dates had to be obtained for many of the sites before the historical sequence would become clearer .
dates had to be [got] for many of the sites before the historical sequence would become clearer .

Some of the dates that have been obtained are therefore misleading , making the sample appear younger or older than it really is .
some of the dates that have been [got] are therefore misleading , making the sample appear younger or older than it really is .

When Ross and Minton set off in August 1947 , stopping first in Paris where they obtained a passage to Ajaccio from the French Minister of Culture , Louis Joxe , they did not know each other well .
when ross and minton set off in august 1947 , stopping first in paris where they [got] a passage to ajaccio from the french minister of culture , louis joxe , they did not know each other well .

Bratby had obtained permission to paint in the roof area of the Victoria and Albert Museum and there Minton visited him for tutorials .
bratby had [got] permission to paint in the roof area of the victoria and albert museum and there minton visited him for tutorials .

Resources were obtained from central government under the 1952 Town Development Act and the 1961 Housing Act which subsidized the importation of an over spill population , but these were far less than would have been provided to a designated New Town where all infrastructure costs would have been borne by central government .
resources were [got] from central government under the 1952 town development act and the 1961 housing act which subsidized the importation of an over spill population , but these were far less than would have been provided to a designated new town where all infrastructure costs would have been borne by central government .

Or will there be a flowering of research papers , neither pedestrian nor spectacular , containing solid and original results obtained by techniques for which the computer is indispensable ?
or will there be a flowering of research papers , neither pedestrian nor spectacular , containing solid and original results [got] by techniques for which the computer is indispensable ?

Leave must be obtained from the chairman of the tribunal which decided the case , but if it is refused , then leave can be sought from the Commissioners .
leave must be [got] from the chairman of the tribunal which decided the case , but if it is refused , then leave can be sought from the commissioners .

the evidence could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence at the trial ; and
the evidence could not have been [got] with reasonable diligence at the trial ; and

Solicitors , barristers and certificated notaries enjoy a statutory monopoly over the drawing up or preparation of the executor 's affidavit and account ; these are formal documents which must be obtained before probate can be granted .
solicitors , barristers and certificated notaries enjoy a statutory monopoly over the drawing up or preparation of the executor 's affidavit and account ; these are formal documents which must be [got] before probate can be granted .

The decree of 1274 henceforth banned the holding of two or more cures of souls simultaneously except where a papal licence to do so had been obtained .
the decree of 1274 henceforth banned the holding of two or more cures of souls simultaneously except where a papal licence to do so had been [got] .

It further entailed the immediate resignation — on pain of excommunication — of all but the last cure of souls which had been obtained by the unlicensed pluralist ; the licensed pluralist was allowed to keep whichever two he chose .
it further entailed the immediate resignation — on pain of excommunication — of all but the last cure of souls which had been [got] by the unlicensed pluralist ; the licensed pluralist was allowed to keep whichever two he chose .

In 1286 and 1290 , moreover , Pecham had no doubt been further reassured by the two statutes of Circumspecte agatis and Consultation , which respectively defined some boundaries of jurisdiction and allowed ecclesiastical courts to proceed where writs of prohibition had been inappropriately obtained .
in 1286 and 1290 , moreover , pecham had no doubt been further reassured by the two statutes of circumspecte agatis and consultation , which respectively defined some boundaries of jurisdiction and allowed ecclesiastical courts to proceed where writs of prohibition had been inappropriately [got] .

Coupled with the question of consent was the procedure by which , and the body from which , it was to be obtained .
coupled with the question of consent was the procedure by which , and the body from which , it was to be [got] .

In 1272 Kilwardby , in 1399 Salmon of Norwich , and in 1303 Gainsborough of Worcester were all required to take an oath to receive their lands at the king 's pleasure and not by papal grant , an oath which was thereafter usual whenever a bishop obtained his see by provision .
in 1272 kilwardby , in 1399 salmon of norwich , and in 1303 gainsborough of worcester were all required to take an oath to receive their lands at the king 's pleasure and not by papal grant , an oath which was thereafter usual whenever a bishop [got] his see by provision .

This evidence does not include the many English benefices which cardinals and curial officials obtained and mulcted .
this evidence does not include the many english benefices which cardinals and curial officials [got] and mulcted .

To add to these burdens , the 1340 tax of a ninth of corn , sheep and wool , from which the clergy had obtained exemption by their grant of a normal tenth , was nevertheless applied to them by many local officials at first acting on their own initiative , but after January 1341 on the king 's orders .
to add to these burdens , the 1340 tax of a ninth of corn , sheep and wool , from which the clergy had [got] exemption by their grant of a normal tenth , was nevertheless applied to them by many local officials at first acting on their own initiative , but after january 1341 on the king 's orders .

From convocation he obtained a biennial tenth conditional upon the clergy 's exemption from any parliamentary tax .
from convocation he [got] a biennial tenth conditional upon the clergy 's exemption from any parliamentary tax .

If a right to a longer turn is obtained its ending must also be signalled so that the other participants know it is finished and a contribution from them will not be construed as an interruption .
if a right to a longer turn is [got] its ending must also be signalled so that the other participants know it is finished and a contribution from them will not be construed as an interruption .

The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds obtained a twenty-one-year agreement with the Severn-Trent Water Authority which allows them to manage best for wildlife the 16,000 acres of the Vyrnwy Estate .
the royal society for the protection of birds [got] a twenty-one-year agreement with the severn-trent water authority which allows them to manage best for wildlife the 16,000 acres of the vyrnwy estate .

The client is entitled to want a good product : if the agency has been well chosen , this should be obtained without the need to worry too much how it happens .
the client is entitled to want a good product : if the agency has been well chosen , this should be [got] without the need to worry too much how it happens .

plus media exposure ( which can be obtained for most products and many individual brands from the Target Group Index ) , plus any other relevant information about their behaviour in relation to the product concerned .
plus media exposure ( which can be [got] for most products and many individual brands from the target group index ) , plus any other relevant information about their behaviour in relation to the product concerned .

The effects may be visual or verbal , in sound or music ; they may be obtained by trick photography , by the use of Quantel computer trickery , or by clever selection of elements of sound or picture : Ariston 's use of a Nintendo-style soundtrack to achieve an ( allegedly ) hypnotic effect , a rash of commercials using operatic arias , the use of music by Hamlet cigars , Rutger Hauer in the Guinness campaign , the talking animals in the Electricity commercials .
the effects may be visual or verbal , in sound or music ; they may be [got] by trick photography , by the use of quantel computer trickery , or by clever selection of elements of sound or picture : ariston 's use of a nintendo-style soundtrack to achieve an ( allegedly ) hypnotic effect , a rash of commercials using operatic arias , the use of music by hamlet cigars , rutger hauer in the guinness campaign , the talking animals in the electricity commercials .

In fact , options or at least verbal commitments will have been obtained already for some special buys which are wanted , but nothing will have been the subject of a formal order to any of the media before this .
in fact , options or at least verbal commitments will have been [got] already for some special buys which are wanted , but nothing will have been the subject of a formal order to any of the media before this .

From a production point of view , it can either be obtained ready-made from a music ‘ library ’ , or be specially recorded — whether it is music composed for the commercial or an existing piece .
from a production point of view , it can either be [got] ready-made from a music ‘ library ’ , or be specially recorded — whether it is music composed for the commercial or an existing piece .

Copies of the publication , price £30 , can be obtained from .
copies of the publication , price £30 , can be [got] from .

The commercial manager had admitted he obtained the job ‘ because he knew Randolph 's brother ’ , and was ‘ totally out of his depth ’ .
the commercial manager had admitted he [got] the job ‘ because he knew randolph 's brother ’ , and was ‘ totally out of his depth ’ .

If tile 4 were out of the way , as in c , the position b could be obtained from a by sliding the tiles 7 , 8 , 3 , 5 , and 1 in a loop .
if tile 4 were out of the way , as in c , the position b could be [got] from a by sliding the tiles 7 , 8 , 3 , 5 , and 1 in a loop .

Price was then called to give evidence in person on behalf of the applicant , and he again repudiated his evidence before the Swedish court in so far as it implicated the applicant , on the ground that his evidence had been obtained by pressure exerted upon him by officers of the Swedish and Norwegian police .
price was then called to give evidence in person on behalf of the applicant , and he again repudiated his evidence before the swedish court in so far as it implicated the applicant , on the ground that his evidence had been [got] by pressure exerted upon him by officers of the swedish and norwegian police .

In future the advice of the Lord Chief Justice and the trial judge was to be obtained immediately after sentence , whether the life sentence was mandatory or discretionary , but in the latter case the judicial view of the tariff was to determine the date of the first review by the Parole Board machinery .
in future the advice of the lord chief justice and the trial judge was to be [got] immediately after sentence , whether the life sentence was mandatory or discretionary , but in the latter case the judicial view of the tariff was to determine the date of the first review by the parole board machinery .

Whether the compensatory remedy available ‘ together with ’ the restitutionary remedy , could be obtained against an accomplice who was neither a party to the transaction nor a person to whom money or property of the investor had been transferred is equally doubtful .
whether the compensatory remedy available ‘ together with ’ the restitutionary remedy , could be [got] against an accomplice who was neither a party to the transaction nor a person to whom money or property of the investor had been transferred is equally doubtful .

The trial judge sensibly obtained the agreement of counsel for the defendants to the case proceeding on the basis of defined issues .
the trial judge sensibly [got] the agreement of counsel for the defendants to the case proceeding on the basis of defined issues .

( 5 ) In breach of their fiduciary duties they put themselves in a position where there was a conflict between their duty to the plaintiff to inform him and their personal interest in ensuring that they obtained commission on both Vertigo and Caliban .
( 5 ) in breach of their fiduciary duties they put themselves in a position where there was a conflict between their duty to the plaintiff to inform him and their personal interest in ensuring that they [got] commission on both vertigo and caliban .

Accordingly in such cases there must be an implied term of the contract with such an agent that he is entitled to act for other principals selling competing properties and to keep confidential the information obtained from each of his principals .
accordingly in such cases there must be an implied term of the contract with such an agent that he is entitled to act for other principals selling competing properties and to keep confidential the information [got] from each of his principals .

In any event , the judge awarded the whole of his estimate of the increased price which would have been obtained whereas the correct measure of damage for a failure to disclose the material facts was the loss to the plaintiff of the chance of negotiating an increased price if he had had the information .
in any event , the judge awarded the whole of his estimate of the increased price which would have been [got] whereas the correct measure of damage for a failure to disclose the material facts was the loss to the plaintiff of the chance of negotiating an increased price if he had had the information .

There seems to be a view in the medical profession that in such emergency circumstances the next of kin should be asked to consent on behalf of the patient and that , if possible , treatment should be postponed until that consent has been obtained .
there seems to be a view in the medical profession that in such emergency circumstances the next of kin should be asked to consent on behalf of the patient and that , if possible , treatment should be postponed until that consent has been [got] .

Thus a member of Lautro upon whom an intervention notice is served is in much the same position as a defendant to an action at law against whom an ex parte injunction is obtained .
thus a member of lautro upon whom an intervention notice is served is in much the same position as a defendant to an action at law against whom an ex parte injunction is [got] .

In August 1989 the plaintiff began proceedings in the county court without the defendant 's knowledge and obtained a possession order to take effect on 28 November 1989 .
in august 1989 the plaintiff began proceedings in the county court without the defendant 's knowledge and [got] a possession order to take effect on 28 november 1989 .

Knowing of that application the plaintiff obtained a warrant of possession but , before it was executed , forcibly ejected the defendant from the premises .
knowing of that application the plaintiff [got] a warrant of possession but , before it was executed , forcibly ejected the defendant from the premises .

By a notice of appeal dated 25 November 1991 , and pursuant to the grant of leave to appeal out of time , the plaintiff appealed on the grounds that the judge erred in law in holding that ( 1 ) the defendant was at 24 December 1989 a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the Housing Act 1988 and a statutory tenant within section 2 of the Rent Act 1977 ; and ( 2 ) once a possession order had been obtained against a statutory tenant it was necessary for the landlord to obtain a warrant of possession .
by a notice of appeal dated 25 november 1991 , and pursuant to the grant of leave to appeal out of time , the plaintiff appealed on the grounds that the judge erred in law in holding that ( 1 ) the defendant was at 24 december 1989 a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the housing act 1988 and a statutory tenant within section 2 of the rent act 1977 ; and ( 2 ) once a possession order had been [got] against a statutory tenant it was necessary for the landlord to obtain a warrant of possession .

‘ Again , a landlord who has obtained an order for possession may still be entitled to re-enter peaceably without invoking the assistance of the sheriff , even during a stay of execution ; but this may now be confined to cases where nobody is lawfully in residence .
‘ again , a landlord who has [got] an order for possession may still be entitled to re-enter peaceably without invoking the assistance of the sheriff , even during a stay of execution ; but this may now be confined to cases where nobody is lawfully in residence .

The position here is that the landlord , although he had obtained an order of possession , had no right to resort to self-help to take possession of the premises in question .
the position here is that the landlord , although he had [got] an order of possession , had no right to resort to self-help to take possession of the premises in question .

obtained registered charges .
[got] registered charges .

The Hammonds , of course , had no defence and the building society obtained a possession order against them .
the hammonds , of course , had no defence and the building society [got] a possession order against them .

‘ ( 1 ) The register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section : — ( a ) Subject to any express provisions of this Act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) Subject to any express provision of this Act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) In any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) Where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been obtained by fraud ; ( e ) Where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) Where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) Where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) In any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the register .
‘ ( 1 ) the register may be rectified pursuant to an order of the court or by the registrar , subject to an appeal to the court , in any of the following cases , but subject to the provisions of this section : — ( a ) subject to any express provisions of this act to the contrary , where a court of competent jurisdiction has decided that any person is entitled to any estate right or interest in or to any registered land or charge , and as a consequence of such decision such court is of opinion that a rectification of the register is required , and makes an order to that effect ; ( b ) subject to any express provision of this act to the contrary , where the court , on the application in the prescribed manner of any person who is aggrieved by any entry made in , or by the omission of any entry from , the register , or by any default being made , or unnecessary delay taking place , in the making of any entry in the register , makes an order for the rectification of the register ; ( c ) in any case and at any time with the consent of all persons interested ; ( d ) where the court or the registrar is satisfied that any entry in the register has been [got] by fraud ; ( e ) where two or more persons are , by mistake , registered as proprietors of the same registered estate or of the same charge ; ( f ) where a mortgagee has been registered as proprietor of the land instead of as proprietor of a charge and a right of redemption is subsisting ; ( g ) where a legal estate has been registered in the name of a person who if the land had not been registered would not have been the estate owner ; and ( h ) in any other case where , by reason of any error or omission in the register , or by reason of any entry made under a mistake , it may be deemed just to rectify the register .

In neither case , if the land had been unregistered , would the Hammonds or the building society have obtained a legal estate .
in neither case , if the land had been unregistered , would the hammonds or the building society have [got] a legal estate .

He contended that since the transfer had been induced by the Hammonds ' fraud , both the registration of the Hammonds as proprietors and the registration of the building society 's legal charge could be described as having been ‘ obtained by fraud .
he contended that since the transfer had been induced by the hammonds ' fraud , both the registration of the hammonds as proprietors and the registration of the building society 's legal charge could be described as having been ‘ [got] by fraud .

‘ Where the court or the registrar is satisfied that the registration of … a charge , mortgage , or other entry in the register … has been obtained by fraud , by annulling the registration , notice or other entry …
‘ where the court or the registrar is satisfied that the registration of … a charge , mortgage , or other entry in the register … has been [got] by fraud , by annulling the registration , notice or other entry …

It is the registration that must be obtained by fraud .
it is the registration that must be [got] by fraud .

The entry would have been obtained by fraud in the presenting of a forged transfer for registration .
the entry would have been [got] by fraud in the presenting of a forged transfer for registration .

Given that the remedies under consideration in the present case are primarily of an in personam character , perhaps a closer analogy is to cases concerned with the circumstances in which English courts have granted or refused injunctions to restrain creditors , who have not proved in an English bankruptcy , from taking proceedings abroad or compelling them to refund property obtained abroad .
given that the remedies under consideration in the present case are primarily of an in personam character , perhaps a closer analogy is to cases concerned with the circumstances in which english courts have granted or refused injunctions to restrain creditors , who have not proved in an english bankruptcy , from taking proceedings abroad or compelling them to refund property [got] abroad .

The plaintiffs obtained an injunction in the High Court prohibiting the bank from producing the documents to the New York court or to third parties .
the plaintiffs [got] an injunction in the high court prohibiting the bank from producing the documents to the new york court or to third parties .

Subsequent subsections empower the bank to take copies of documents obtained , and also to require information from directors and other officers . Subsection ( 11 ) provides :
subsequent subsections empower the bank to take copies of documents [got] , and also to require information from directors and other officers . subsection ( 11 ) provides :

When the company 's overdraft exceeded £154,000 the bank sought to enforce the mortgage and obtained a registrar 's order for possession .
when the company 's overdraft exceeded £154,000 the bank sought to enforce the mortgage and [got] a registrar 's order for possession .

The creditor will often find itself in a position of having to explain the security transaction to the proposed surety if an unimpeachable security is to be obtained .
the creditor will often find itself in a position of having to explain the security transaction to the proposed surety if an unimpeachable security is to be [got] .

It is open to the double objection of having been obtained by a trustee from his cestui que trust by pressure through her husband and without independent advice , and of having been obtained by a husband from his wife by pressure and concealment of material facts .
it is open to the double objection of having been [got] by a trustee from his cestui que trust by pressure through her husband and without independent advice , and of having been [got] by a husband from his wife by pressure and concealment of material facts .

‘ So here the plaintiffs left everything to the defendant 's husband ; … and they must take the consequences of his having obtained it without explaining to her or her understanding what she was signing .
‘ so here the plaintiffs left everything to the defendant 's husband ; … and they must take the consequences of his having [got] it without explaining to her or her understanding what she was signing .

‘ That was not a simple case of a husband obtaining a document from his wife ; it was also a case where the document had been obtained by a trustee from his cestui que trust by means of pressure and the concealment of material facts …
‘ that was not a simple case of a husband obtaining a document from his wife ; it was also a case where the document had been [got] by a trustee from his cestui que trust by means of pressure and the concealment of material facts …

In the third place , it still is or may be a condition of the validity of a voluntary dealing by the wife for the advantage of her husband that she really obtained an adequate understanding of the actual nature and consequences of the transaction .
in the third place , it still is or may be a condition of the validity of a voluntary dealing by the wife for the advantage of her husband that she really [got] an adequate understanding of the actual nature and consequences of the transaction .

‘ the final question [ is ] whether the grounds upon which the creditor believed the document was fairly obtained and executed by a woman sufficiently understanding its purport and effect were such that it would be inequitable to fix the creditor with the consequences of the husband 's improper and unfair dealing with his wife .
‘ the final question [ is ] whether the grounds upon which the creditor believed the document was fairly [got] and executed by a woman sufficiently understanding its purport and effect were such that it would be inequitable to fix the creditor with the consequences of the husband 's improper and unfair dealing with his wife .

To that end the respondents sought ex parte , and obtained , from Mr. Registrar Scott on 29 April 1991 , pursuant to section 236(2) of the Insolvency Act 1986 , an order that the appellants produce all books , papers or other records :
to that end the respondents sought ex parte , and [got] , from mr. registrar scott on 29 april 1991 , pursuant to section 236(2) of the insolvency act 1986 , an order that the appellants produce all books , papers or other records :

Accordingly , the legislature has provided this extraordinary process so as to enable the requisite information to be obtained .
accordingly , the legislature has provided this extraordinary process so as to enable the requisite information to be [got] .

The respondent , without authority , keyed commands into a computer and thereby obtained by means of the same computer a discount , to which he was not entitled , on goods being purchased at a supplier .
the respondent , without authority , keyed commands into a computer and thereby [got] by means of the same computer a discount , to which he was not entitled , on goods being purchased at a supplier .

( i ) The allegation in this case was that the respondent had obtained a 70 per cent .
( i ) the allegation in this case was that the respondent had [got] a 70 per cent .

The allegation in the case was that the respondent had obtained a 70 per cent .
the allegation in the case was that the respondent had [got] a 70 per cent .

Their Lordships do not have the details , but it does seem that at least some evidence has been obtained in this way , subject no doubt to objection at the trial .
their lordships do not have the details , but it does seem that at least some evidence has been [got] in this way , subject no doubt to objection at the trial .

‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .
‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and [got] .

When a tenant and a potential successor move from one council house to another the tenant does not lose the protection of a secure tenancy and there is no good reason why the potential successor should lose the protection which he has obtained or is in the course of obtaining under section 87 .
when a tenant and a potential successor move from one council house to another the tenant does not lose the protection of a secure tenancy and there is no good reason why the potential successor should lose the protection which he has [got] or is in the course of obtaining under section 87 .

On appeal against conviction , on the ground that the services provided by the appellant were not services within an ‘ office or employment , ’ in respect of which the opportunity to earn remuneration had been obtained , within the meaning of section 16(2) ( c ) of the Act : —
on appeal against conviction , on the ground that the services provided by the appellant were not services within an ‘ office or employment , ’ in respect of which the opportunity to earn remuneration had been [got] , within the meaning of section 16(2) ( c ) of the act : —

In truth and in fact , the appellant had not obtained the qualifications referred to and his curriculum vitae was false in those respects .
in truth and in fact , the appellant had not [got] the qualifications referred to and his curriculum vitae was false in those respects .

In that case , the opportunity to earn remuneration arose when the appellant obtained the grant of a tenancy of a public house owned by and tied to a large brewery company .
in that case , the opportunity to earn remuneration arose when the appellant [got] the grant of a tenancy of a public house owned by and tied to a large brewery company .

The judge then set out the terms of the order sought and in the event obtained and continued :
the judge then set out the terms of the order sought and in the event [got] and continued :

The dock company in due course took a long lease of the area in question from the Secretary of State for Defence , although the ports authority insisted that the necessary planning consent be obtained before the lease was signed .
the dock company in due course took a long lease of the area in question from the secretary of state for defence , although the ports authority insisted that the necessary planning consent be [got] before the lease was signed .

The dock company obtained planning permission to operate the dock as a commercial port , which can not sensibly be done other than on a 24-hour basis .
the dock company [got] planning permission to operate the dock as a commercial port , which can not sensibly be done other than on a 24-hour basis .

The facts were that Chetnik constructed two warehouses under a consent granted under the London Buildings Acts 1930–1939 , the consent being subject to a condition that the buildings should not be occupied until the consent of Tower Hamlets had been obtained to the proposed user .
the facts were that chetnik constructed two warehouses under a consent granted under the london buildings acts 1930–1939 , the consent being subject to a condition that the buildings should not be occupied until the consent of tower hamlets had been [got] to the proposed user .

‘ But , inasmuch as before the search began the defendant told the plaintiff 's clerk that the charge would be the same whether he made extracts or had certified copies , and under that pressure the extracts were obtained , and it would have been most dishonourable for the party , after having got the extracts , to refuse to pay , the money so obtained may be recovered back .
‘ but , inasmuch as before the search began the defendant told the plaintiff 's clerk that the charge would be the same whether he made extracts or had certified copies , and under that pressure the extracts were [got] , and it would have been most dishonourable for the party , after having got the extracts , to refuse to pay , the money so [got] may be recovered back .

To my mind it is clear from the terms of the third paragraph of the Crown Prosecution Service 's letter that it is accepted that the order restricts them , in any prosecution which they decide to initiate , to utilising material already obtained or other material obtained independently of that disclosed in the High Court civil proceedings .
to my mind it is clear from the terms of the third paragraph of the crown prosecution service 's letter that it is accepted that the order restricts them , in any prosecution which they decide to initiate , to utilising material already [got] or other material [got] independently of that disclosed in the high court civil proceedings .

Once he had obtained a post mortem report identifying the medical cause of death , that was taken to be the sole cause of death : the coroner reached the conclusion that there could be no other cause and so he precluded himself from considering lack of care as a cause .
once he had [got] a post mortem report identifying the medical cause of death , that was taken to be the sole cause of death : the coroner reached the conclusion that there could be no other cause and so he precluded himself from considering lack of care as a cause .

By re-amended notice of appeal dated 30 August 1991 the defendants sought an order to set aside or vary the judge 's order or to order a retrial and sought leave to adduce fresh evidence on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the judge had erred in law in failing to take into account ( a ) the lack of a penal notice on the order which it was claimed that the appellants had breached ; and ( b ) the plaintiff 's delay of 18 months in applying for the committal order ; ( 2 ) that the judge 's decision was arrived at without regard to fresh evidence which the defendants had obtained since the hearing , part of which related to matters subsequent to the hearing and the remainder of which could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence ; which , if given , would probably have had an important influence on the result , which was credible and which should , therefore , be admitted ; ( 3 ) that , alternatively , the court should exercise its discretion to admit the fresh evidence as the liberty of the defendants was at risk ; and ( 4 ) that the sentence imposed was excessive .
by re-amended notice of appeal dated 30 august 1991 the defendants sought an order to set aside or vary the judge 's order or to order a retrial and sought leave to adduce fresh evidence on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the judge had erred in law in failing to take into account ( a ) the lack of a penal notice on the order which it was claimed that the appellants had breached ; and ( b ) the plaintiff 's delay of 18 months in applying for the committal order ; ( 2 ) that the judge 's decision was arrived at without regard to fresh evidence which the defendants had [got] since the hearing , part of which related to matters subsequent to the hearing and the remainder of which could not have been [got] with reasonable diligence ; which , if given , would probably have had an important influence on the result , which was credible and which should , therefore , be admitted ; ( 3 ) that , alternatively , the court should exercise its discretion to admit the fresh evidence as the liberty of the defendants was at risk ; and ( 4 ) that the sentence imposed was excessive .

Count 1 alleged the obtaining of property by deception contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 , the particulars being that on or about 16 March 1988 the appellant dishonestly obtained from the Halifax Building Society a cheque for £150,000 by falsely representing ( a ) that his basic annual income was £90,000 , ( b ) that he had never been bankrupt and did not have any judgment or proceedings for debt outstanding and ( c ) that he did not have any bank or other loans or charge/credit card debts .
count 1 alleged the obtaining of property by deception contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 , the particulars being that on or about 16 march 1988 the appellant dishonestly [got] from the halifax building society a cheque for £150,000 by falsely representing ( a ) that his basic annual income was £90,000 , ( b ) that he had never been bankrupt and did not have any judgment or proceedings for debt outstanding and ( c ) that he did not have any bank or other loans or charge/credit card debts .

Count 2 was in identical terms in that it alleged the same offence but it involved a cheque for £116,250 obtained on or about 23 March 1988 .
count 2 was in identical terms in that it alleged the same offence but it involved a cheque for £116,250 [got] on or about 23 march 1988 .

By this time , however , the appellant was encountering financial problems , and the company likewise , to the extent that in February 1986 a finance company obtained judgment against the appellant in respect of a loan of £4,000 and the company went into liquidation in February 1987 .
by this time , however , the appellant was encountering financial problems , and the company likewise , to the extent that in february 1986 a finance company [got] judgment against the appellant in respect of a loan of £4,000 and the company went into liquidation in february 1987 .

The local authority obtained an emergency protection order and placed the girl with foster parents .
the local authority [got] an emergency protection order and placed the girl with foster parents .

‘ Nevertheless it has to be recognised that there is an unbroken series of dicta in judgments of appellate courts to the effect that there is a judicial discretion to exclude admissible evidence which has been ‘ obtained ’ unfairly or by trickery or oppressively , although except in Reg .
‘ nevertheless it has to be recognised that there is an unbroken series of dicta in judgments of appellate courts to the effect that there is a judicial discretion to exclude admissible evidence which has been ‘ [got] ’ unfairly or by trickery or oppressively , although except in reg .

It is no part of a judge 's function to exercise disciplinary powers over the police or prosecution as respects the way in which evidence to be used at the trial is obtained by them .
it is no part of a judge 's function to exercise disciplinary powers over the police or prosecution as respects the way in which evidence to be used at the trial is [got] by them .

In the present case the judge decided that , since the evidence from Stardust Jewellers had admittedly been obtained from the appellants by a trick and after the offences charged had been committed , he had a discretion to exclude the evidence if its admission would prejudice a fair trial .
in the present case the judge decided that , since the evidence from stardust jewellers had admittedly been [got] from the appellants by a trick and after the offences charged had been committed , he had a discretion to exclude the evidence if its admission would prejudice a fair trial .

‘ having regard to all the circumstances , including the circumstances in which the evidence was obtained , the admission of the evidence would have such an adverse effect on the fairness of the proceedings that the court ought not to admit it .
‘ having regard to all the circumstances , including the circumstances in which the evidence was [got] , the admission of the evidence would have such an adverse effect on the fairness of the proceedings that the court ought not to admit it .

He gave , as a further reason , that had no request been made for a receipt , fingerprints could easily have been obtained in other ways , e.g .
he gave , as a further reason , that had no request been made for a receipt , fingerprints could easily have been [got] in other ways , e.g .

The first was a relator action in which , once the Attorney-General 's consent had been obtained , the relator stood in the shoes of the plaintiff in an ordinary suit between subject and subject , and an undertaking in damages was required from the relator but not from the Attorney-General .
the first was a relator action in which , once the attorney-general 's consent had been [got] , the relator stood in the shoes of the plaintiff in an ordinary suit between subject and subject , and an undertaking in damages was required from the relator but not from the attorney-general .

‘ The court shall not in any civil proceedings grant any injunction or make any order against an officer of the Crown if the effect of granting the injunction or making the order would be to give any relief against the Crown which could not have been obtained in proceedings against the Crown . ’
‘ the court shall not in any civil proceedings grant any injunction or make any order against an officer of the crown if the effect of granting the injunction or making the order would be to give any relief against the crown which could not have been [got] in proceedings against the crown . ’

In 1981 the taxpayer , a company incorporated and based in Hong Kong , obtained the exclusive right to grant sub-licences for the exhibition outside Hong Kong of Chinese dialect films made or acquired by its parent company .
in 1981 the taxpayer , a company incorporated and based in hong kong , [got] the exclusive right to grant sub-licences for the exhibition outside hong kong of chinese dialect films made or acquired by its parent company .

The court may annul a bankruptcy order even after the bankrupt has obtained his discharge ( s 282(3) ) .
the court may annul a bankruptcy order even after the bankrupt has [got] his discharge ( s 282(3) ) .

It can be obtained free from them on ( 081 ) 539 5084 .
it can be [got] free from them on ( 081 ) 539 5084 .

But sometimes a similar result can be obtained by casting the cow and rolling her over , so why not by making her run ?
but sometimes a similar result can be [got] by casting the cow and rolling her over , so why not by making her run ?

Israel in fact obtained de facto recognition from Iran by paying a substantial bribe to the then Iranian prime minister , Muhammad Saed .
israel in fact [got] de facto recognition from iran by paying a substantial bribe to the then iranian prime minister , muhammad saed .

Remember it is illegal for anyone to use a metal detector on a scheduled ancient monument unless permission has been obtained from the Secretary of State for the Environment .
remember it is illegal for anyone to use a metal detector on a scheduled ancient monument unless permission has been [got] from the secretary of state for the environment .

Under the provisions of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979 , the use of metal detectors is already prohibited on sites of scheduled ancient monuments without a licence obtained from English Heritage .
under the provisions of the ancient monuments and archaeological areas act 1979 , the use of metal detectors is already prohibited on sites of scheduled ancient monuments without a licence [got] from english heritage .

The Management Of Wild Red Deer in Scotland can be obtained from : Rural Forum Scotland , The Gateway , North Methven Street , Perth , price £6 inc p&p .
the management of wild red deer in scotland can be [got] from : rural forum scotland , the gateway , north methven street , perth , price £6 inc p&p .

Finally , recovery from the addictive urge to return to cigarette smoking can be obtained through the Anonymous Fellowships in the same way as for any other form of drug addiction as outlined later in this handbook .
finally , recovery from the addictive urge to return to cigarette smoking can be [got] through the anonymous fellowships in the same way as for any other form of drug addiction as outlined later in this handbook .

Without having obtained a licence under the Act from a licensing board , it is , in general , illegal for any person to sell alcoholic liquor by retail , and such a sale is usually a contravention of s.90 of the Act .
without having [got] a licence under the act from a licensing board , it is , in general , illegal for any person to sell alcoholic liquor by retail , and such a sale is usually a contravention of s.90 of the act .

( 2 ) In relation to planning , the certificate from the appropriate authority should state that the applicant has obtained in respect of the premises planning permission under the Town and Country Planning ( Scotland ) Act 1972 or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , outline planning permission under sections 39 and 40 of that Act , or , in either case , a determination under section 51 of that Act that planning permission is not required .
( 2 ) in relation to planning , the certificate from the appropriate authority should state that the applicant has [got] in respect of the premises planning permission under the town and country planning ( scotland ) act 1972 or , in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a licence , outline planning permission under sections 39 and 40 of that act , or , in either case , a determination under section 51 of that act that planning permission is not required .

In a civil question between the creditors of a deceased and insolvent certificate-holder and his widow , who , without objection by the creditors , obtained the certificate and thereafter carried on the business without any agreement being made regarding her paying her husband 's debts , or the application of the profits during her tenancy , it was decided that she was not bound to account to the creditors for the profits earned by her under her own certificate : Stewart 's Trs .
in a civil question between the creditors of a deceased and insolvent certificate-holder and his widow , who , without objection by the creditors , [got] the certificate and thereafter carried on the business without any agreement being made regarding her paying her husband 's debts , or the application of the profits during her tenancy , it was decided that she was not bound to account to the creditors for the profits earned by her under her own certificate : stewart 's trs .

Certain premises such as services canteens , and passenger aircraft , vessels and railway trains , although retailer 's excise licences are granted in respect of them , are not licensed premises within the meaning of the section because no licences under the Act are first obtained .
certain premises such as services canteens , and passenger aircraft , vessels and railway trains , although retailer 's excise licences are granted in respect of them , are not licensed premises within the meaning of the section because no licences under the act are first [got] .

Having obtained clearance , maintain your cleared altitude or flight level .
having [got] clearance , maintain your cleared altitude or flight level .

The objective will show in detail how the information is to be obtained within the cost constraints imposed by the marketing budget .
the objective will show in detail how the information is to be [got] within the cost constraints imposed by the marketing budget .

These planning assumptions , therefore , are an attempt to predict future business conditions and the sales volumes that might be obtained from them .
these planning assumptions , therefore , are an attempt to predict future business conditions and the sales volumes that might be [got] from them .

5.3 ii ) leading indicators : a company may maintain a continuous scrutiny of those indicators , such as levels of consumer spending , new car registrations , engineering orders obtained , housebuilding starts ( etc ) which have an established relationship to its own level of sales .
5.3 ii ) leading indicators : a company may maintain a continuous scrutiny of those indicators , such as levels of consumer spending , new car registrations , engineering orders [got] , housebuilding starts ( etc ) which have an established relationship to its own level of sales .

The alternative approach has two stages , thus : i ) forecast the likely total available market for the period ; ii ) forecast the likely share of this total market to be obtained by the company .
the alternative approach has two stages , thus : i ) forecast the likely total available market for the period ; ii ) forecast the likely share of this total market to be [got] by the company .

The second is to forecast the likely share of this total market to be obtained by the company .
the second is to forecast the likely share of this total market to be [got] by the company .

Whilst there are many ways in which prestige and respect can be obtained , the possession or use of certain types of goods and services are likely to increase individual status .
whilst there are many ways in which prestige and respect can be [got] , the possession or use of certain types of goods and services are likely to increase individual status .

( b ) The development of retailer power , in which the relative advantage obtained from bulk buying , the use of retailers ' own brands `` , and policy limitations on the range of items stocked have all combined to put the manufacturer or supplier at a disadvantage .
( b ) the development of retailer power , in which the relative advantage [got] from bulk buying , the use of retailers ' own brands `` , and policy limitations on the range of items stocked have all combined to put the manufacturer or supplier at a disadvantage .

The exploitation of the relative advantage obtained from bulk buying , the use of retailer " own brands " , and limitations on the number and range of items and brands stocked have all combined to put the manufacturer at a disadvantage .
the exploitation of the relative advantage [got] from bulk buying , the use of retailer " own brands " , and limitations on the number and range of items and brands stocked have all combined to put the manufacturer at a disadvantage .

The information so obtained may then have to be rearranged to show segment differences , and again this process of interpretation may be subjective or objective , depending on how statistically valid the end product must be ; * by using an analysis of attribute sets .
the information so [got] may then have to be rearranged to show segment differences , and again this process of interpretation may be subjective or objective , depending on how statistically valid the end product must be ; * by using an analysis of attribute sets .

Existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of purchase .
existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be [got] if required form point of purchase .

Professor Ron Amann obtained his first degree , Master 's and PhD at Birmingham .
professor ron amann [got] his first degree , master 's and phd at birmingham .

Member for Aberdeen , North ( Mr. Hughes ) has raised again a question that he put in Committee about publication of the prices obtained for the subsidiaries .
member for aberdeen , north ( mr. hughes ) has raised again a question that he put in committee about publication of the prices [got] for the subsidiaries .

It would seem , therefore , that there is considerable benefit to be obtained from the use of portfolio matrices , even if this view is not now so widely held in corporate-strategy literature .
it would seem , therefore , that there is considerable benefit to be [got] from the use of portfolio matrices , even if this view is not now so widely held in corporate-strategy literature .

Next , he says , SBUs may well form alliances outside the corporate group to obtain the same benefits as could be obtained by internal linkages while retaining more control over their situation .
next , he says , sbus may well form alliances outside the corporate group to obtain the same benefits as could be [got] by internal linkages while retaining more control over their situation .

The company in question would be the first to admit that the analysis was a pioneering effort and that the estimates obtained were , in some cases , quite crude , as the accounting system could not readily provide all the relevant data .
the company in question would be the first to admit that the analysis was a pioneering effort and that the estimates [got] were , in some cases , quite crude , as the accounting system could not readily provide all the relevant data .

Of course , the NPVs obtained derive from the assumptions made .
of course , the npvs [got] derive from the assumptions made .

It is obvious to ask whether these results are not simply those obtained in this particular numerical example .
it is obvious to ask whether these results are not simply those [got] in this particular numerical example .

Then , using some ancient formula he had recovered , he injected the concentrate he obtained back into their veins .
then , using some ancient formula he had recovered , he injected the concentrate he [got] back into their veins .

Many new qualities were introduced into these man-made fibres that could not be obtained from their natural counterparts .
many new qualities were introduced into these man-made fibres that could not be [got] from their natural counterparts .

The frill is obtained by sewing a channel through a double thickness of fabric below the top of the curtain .
the frill is [got] by sewing a channel through a double thickness of fabric below the top of the curtain .

If we wish to increase growth rate in pigs , for example , we can try breeding only from the fastest growing pigs , and a whole population of fast growing pigs may be obtained in a few generations , if growth rate is heritable .
if we wish to increase growth rate in pigs , for example , we can try breeding only from the fastest growing pigs , and a whole population of fast growing pigs may be [got] in a few generations , if growth rate is heritable .

The data were obtained as follows .
the data were [got] as follows .

In other words , in each image Picasso synthesizes information obtained from viewing the subject from various angles , and , relying on his knowledge and memory of the structure of the human figure , he gives a complete and detailed analysis of the nature of the forms that compose it .
in other words , in each image picasso synthesizes information [got] from viewing the subject from various angles , and , relying on his knowledge and memory of the structure of the human figure , he gives a complete and detailed analysis of the nature of the forms that compose it .

Ruth had a phase of bringing home flowers obtained during her days of truancy : daffodils and tulips perhaps picked from the park or swiped off graves .
ruth had a phase of bringing home flowers [got] during her days of truancy : daffodils and tulips perhaps picked from the park or swiped off graves .

Group task or objective clearly understood , and commitment to it obtained .
group task or objective clearly understood , and commitment to it [got] .

Since most , if not all , of the organization 's revenue is going to be obtained from the sale of its products , it is clearly important that the range and quality of the product mix is frequently evaluated and amended .
since most , if not all , of the organization 's revenue is going to be [got] from the sale of its products , it is clearly important that the range and quality of the product mix is frequently evaluated and amended .

Information on specific campaigns obtained by interviews and/or questionnaires
information on specific campaigns [got] by interviews and/or questionnaires

If sales are pursued regardless of costs and other limiting factors , such as reputation , the value of the sales volume obtained can be severely reduced , if costs have been excessive and/or the organization 's image has been tarnished by over-zealous representatives .
if sales are pursued regardless of costs and other limiting factors , such as reputation , the value of the sales volume [got] can be severely reduced , if costs have been excessive and/or the organization 's image has been tarnished by over-zealous representatives .

Marketing research data comes in two basic forms : ( a ) primary data , which is obtained first-hand from customers , competitors and others in the market-place ; and ( b ) secondary data , which is obtained from various internal and external sources , mainly company records and published reports and statistics .
marketing research data comes in two basic forms : ( a ) primary data , which is [got] first-hand from customers , competitors and others in the market-place ; and ( b ) secondary data , which is [got] from various internal and external sources , mainly company records and published reports and statistics .

Primary data is usually obtained by means of questionnaires and structured interviews , administered by trained personnel .
primary data is usually [got] by means of questionnaires and structured interviews , administered by trained personnel .

The raw material of marketing information comes in two forms — primary data , which is obtained first hand , and secondary data , which is obtained from a variety of published sources , both within and external to the organization .
the raw material of marketing information comes in two forms — primary data , which is [got] first hand , and secondary data , which is [got] from a variety of published sources , both within and external to the organization .

In practice , only approximate figures can be obtained , except for the sources which are major individual contributors to the overall emission in an area and therefore subject to more precise measurement .
in practice , only approximate figures can be [got] , except for the sources which are major individual contributors to the overall emission in an area and therefore subject to more precise measurement .

There are , however , central government controls on what councils may borrow , and loan sanctions must usually be obtained from ministers .
there are , however , central government controls on what councils may borrow , and loan sanctions must usually be [got] from ministers .

Eleven Clay Cross councillors were surcharged for the money which would have been obtained had the Act been implemented and they were also disqualified from holding public office for a period .
eleven clay cross councillors were surcharged for the money which would have been [got] had the act been implemented and they were also disqualified from holding public office for a period .

It was n't until the early 1980s , though , that convincing evidence for classical conditioning of the gill and siphon withdrawal reflexes could be obtained .
it was n't until the early 1980s , though , that convincing evidence for classical conditioning of the gill and siphon withdrawal reflexes could be [got] .

Where teachers have sought to accommodate the subject requirements of the National Curriculum , have they achieved a truer balance than that shown by our figures , or has the result been an imbalance even more marked than that which obtained previously ?
where teachers have sought to accommodate the subject requirements of the national curriculum , have they achieved a truer balance than that shown by our figures , or has the result been an imbalance even more marked than that which [got] previously ?

Remarkably similar results have been obtained by studies in the United Kingdom and other countries .
remarkably similar results have been [got] by studies in the united kingdom and other countries .

From the chef to Their Majesties of Prussia Dumas obtained a recipe for bear 's paws , Moscow style .
from the chef to their majesties of prussia dumas [got] a recipe for bear 's paws , moscow style .

Ideological mystification obtained through legal devices has to be won so that political propaganda , political party speeches , definitions of marginalised and criminalised groups such as militant trade unionists and black youth , are vital in the construction of conformity and mystifying legal enactments .
ideological mystification [got] through legal devices has to be won so that political propaganda , political party speeches , definitions of marginalised and criminalised groups such as militant trade unionists and black youth , are vital in the construction of conformity and mystifying legal enactments .

Further information can be obtained from your financial adviser .
further information can be [got] from your financial adviser .

More details can be obtained from a Barclays branch .
more details can be [got] from a barclays branch .

Copies can be obtained free from Ed Brocklehurst .
copies can be [got] free from ed brocklehurst .

Further details on the Usability Now ! programme can be obtained by telephoning the Usability Now ! Enquiry Point .
further details on the usability now ! programme can be [got] by telephoning the usability now ! enquiry point .

It is symptomatic that the directors of insolvent companies ignore demands for payment , and frequently judgments are obtained where the proceedings have not been quite wrong for such judgment creditors to obtain any preferential treatment .
it is symptomatic that the directors of insolvent companies ignore demands for payment , and frequently judgments are [got] where the proceedings have not been quite wrong for such judgment creditors to obtain any preferential treatment .

Proceedings throughout the day were chaired by John Brown , the Chairman of the Education Committee , and a strong measure of support from Committee members was obtained for this most encouraging event .
proceedings throughout the day were chaired by john brown , the chairman of the education committee , and a strong measure of support from committee members was [got] for this most encouraging event .

In one sense welfare pluralism can be used to convey the fact that social and health care may be obtained from four different sectors — the statutory , the voluntary , the commercial and the informal .
in one sense welfare pluralism can be used to convey the fact that social and health care may be [got] from four different sectors — the statutory , the voluntary , the commercial and the informal .

Permission must be obtained from the Curator if photographs are to be used for any other purpose .
permission must be [got] from the curator if photographs are to be used for any other purpose .

The ultimate surface area available in skis is obtained by combining two skis and adding the space that normally exists between them — i.e .
the ultimate surface area available in skis is [got] by combining two skis and adding the space that normally exists between them — i.e .

He starts by showing the reader the very minimum of materials required to get painting : six basic colours are suggested , from which different permutations are obtained using easily understood mixing techniques .
he starts by showing the reader the very minimum of materials required to get painting : six basic colours are suggested , from which different permutations are [got] using easily understood mixing techniques .

It will be able to make agreements with other hospitals if better quality or quicker treatment can be obtained there .
it will be able to make agreements with other hospitals if better quality or quicker treatment can be [got] there .

Details of entitlement can be obtained from the address below and anyone who considers they may qualify for such relief should contact this office .
details of entitlement can be [got] from the address below and anyone who considers they may qualify for such relief should contact this office .

This form of diligence can be used as soon as the warrant has been obtained from the court and before the debtor has received notification of the action against him by service of the court papers .
this form of diligence can be used as soon as the warrant has been [got] from the court and before the debtor has received notification of the action against him by service of the court papers .

Once Degree has been obtained there are various methods of enforcement of that Decree available .
once degree has been [got] there are various methods of enforcement of that decree available .

The additional methods available once Decree has been obtained and a final demand for payment issued , which is known as a Charge , are a petition for sequestration or liquidation of the debtor .
the additional methods available once decree has been [got] and a final demand for payment issued , which is known as a charge , are a petition for sequestration or liquidation of the debtor .

But this was nothing : many things that are hard to obtain had been obtained in honour of this scent .
but this was nothing : many things that are hard to obtain had been [got] in honour of this scent .

Have you obtained forecasts for the local area ?
have you [got] forecasts for the local area ?

Miss Outram claimed to have obtained her stories from an American publisher , yet they were typical of early twentieth-century British sex education teaching .
miss outram claimed to have [got] her stories from an american publisher , yet they were typical of early twentieth-century british sex education teaching .

If we bear in mind that the institutions that did not reply may also have included some for whom the questionnaire was inappropriate , we can assume that the responses we obtained would represent somewhere approaching half those working in teacher education at the time .
if we bear in mind that the institutions that did not reply may also have included some for whom the questionnaire was inappropriate , we can assume that the responses we [got] would represent somewhere approaching half those working in teacher education at the time .

To provide a detailed commentary on the material obtained in relation to an overall philosophy of the role of language in education and its implications for teacher education policy and practice .
to provide a detailed commentary on the material [got] in relation to an overall philosophy of the role of language in education and its implications for teacher education policy and practice .

We acted in the belief ( for which there was statistical support ) that the majority of students having obtained their Certificates , would look for their first jobs locally .
we acted in the belief ( for which there was statistical support ) that the majority of students having [got] their certificates , would look for their first jobs locally .

The Workshop aimed to draw on the experience of participants in exploring the benefits to be obtained from a deliberate encouragement of professional interaction between colleagues within and across , secondary schools .
the workshop aimed to draw on the experience of participants in exploring the benefits to be [got] from a deliberate encouragement of professional interaction between colleagues within and across , secondary schools .

Some former course members have since obtained fulltime teaching posts in adult education .
some former course members have since [got] fulltime teaching posts in adult education .

In the final analysis all power relationships depend on resources , be it those obtained from the state , the respective local authority or the private individual who is to be willing to pay for a specific service .
in the final analysis all power relationships depend on resources , be it those [got] from the state , the respective local authority or the private individual who is to be willing to pay for a specific service .

The system is a remarkable one and says much for our political culture : land ownership of itself conferred no right to develop ; development could only take place if a developer had obtained planning consent , and if permission was refused there was no payment of compensation .
the system is a remarkable one and says much for our political culture : land ownership of itself conferred no right to develop ; development could only take place if a developer had [got] planning consent , and if permission was refused there was no payment of compensation .

These higher totals were obtained through more generous subsidies and a stimulus to private building .
these higher totals were [got] through more generous subsidies and a stimulus to private building .

In this way a precise sampling of the vegetation could be obtained , and , by setting up quadrats over a wide area , a systematic assessment of distribution could be worked out .
in this way a precise sampling of the vegetation could be [got] , and , by setting up quadrats over a wide area , a systematic assessment of distribution could be worked out .

She had , after all , promised Chief Inspector Golding she would pass any information she obtained on to him immediately .
she had , after all , promised chief inspector golding she would pass any information she [got] on to him immediately .

The waxed calabashes of oils and spices , the pouches of prepared tobacco , the bricks of indigo and necklaces of shells and seeds they offered Kit and his party betrayed how important a stake he had unwittingly obtained ; it had been a remarkable experience , he had to admit , receiving the embassy .
the waxed calabashes of oils and spices , the pouches of prepared tobacco , the bricks of indigo and necklaces of shells and seeds they offered kit and his party betrayed how important a stake he had unwittingly [got] ; it had been a remarkable experience , he had to admit , receiving the embassy .

It follows that the design requirements for the system should lean towards ‘ over-kill ’ rather ‘ under-kill ’ since any increase in cost of the system is likely to be small in comparison with the benefit to be obtained by rapid detection and control of the fire .
it follows that the design requirements for the system should lean towards ‘ over-kill ’ rather ‘ under-kill ’ since any increase in cost of the system is likely to be small in comparison with the benefit to be [got] by rapid detection and control of the fire .

In such situations good results can be obtained .
in such situations good results can be [got] .

However , sophisticated pantographs based on optical measurement of the rotation of the joints can offer much better results although they still fall short of the sort of accuracies that can be obtained by the best systems .
however , sophisticated pantographs based on optical measurement of the rotation of the joints can offer much better results although they still fall short of the sort of accuracies that can be [got] by the best systems .

a smooth coated paper obtained by adding a coating of china clay compound on one or both sides of the paper .
a smooth coated paper [got] by adding a coating of china clay compound on one or both sides of the paper .

a copy obtained from inked type , plate , block or screen for checking purposes .
a copy [got] from inked type , plate , block or screen for checking purposes .

Fonts are supplied in cartridges at specific sizes and while custom fonts can be obtained these tend to be expensive .
fonts are supplied in cartridges at specific sizes and while custom fonts can be [got] these tend to be expensive .

Its primary value is obtained from the appraisal of a manager 's performance , either by the manager himself or by his superiors .
its primary value is [got] from the appraisal of a manager 's performance , either by the manager himself or by his superiors .

responsibility should be exacted from the subordinate by the superior for results obtained ( because ultimate responsibility remains with the superior ) .
responsibility should be exacted from the subordinate by the superior for results [got] ( because ultimate responsibility remains with the superior ) .

In some of the small newly-rich oil states of the Middle East , where no established industrial base has previously existed , money obtained by the state could , and has been , physically distributed to its citizens .
in some of the small newly-rich oil states of the middle east , where no established industrial base has previously existed , money [got] by the state could , and has been , physically distributed to its citizens .

Additional revenue could be obtained by the Exchequer from this source and it would deter demand for imported goods by making them appear expensive in our shops .
additional revenue could be [got] by the exchequer from this source and it would deter demand for imported goods by making them appear expensive in our shops .

Wherever possible , jobs could be created at localities of most need , but a greater worker mobility than has been displayed in the past should be expected , and where it is not obtained , financial restrictions should be exerted to encourage fit , able but reluctant people to move from the old , worked-out pockets of industry to new opportunities elsewhere .
wherever possible , jobs could be created at localities of most need , but a greater worker mobility than has been displayed in the past should be expected , and where it is not [got] , financial restrictions should be exerted to encourage fit , able but reluctant people to move from the old , worked-out pockets of industry to new opportunities elsewhere .

He was educated at Rossall School and Magdalene College , Cambridge , where he obtained a third class in English in 1921 , having abandoned law after a short time .
he was educated at rossall school and magdalene college , cambridge , where he [got] a third class in english in 1921 , having abandoned law after a short time .

In 1868 she obtained patent no .
in 1868 she [got] patent no .

When high rents and falling prices threatened the farm with insolvency he decided to use the experience he had obtained with domestic animals by training to become a veterinary surgeon .
when high rents and falling prices threatened the farm with insolvency he decided to use the experience he had [got] with domestic animals by training to become a veterinary surgeon .

Having considered the absence of any work on the anatomy of animals comparable with that obtained by medical students in the dissection of the human body he decided , first , to obtain qualifications in medicine , and secondly , to undertake his own studies in the anatomy of animals .
having considered the absence of any work on the anatomy of animals comparable with that [got] by medical students in the dissection of the human body he decided , first , to obtain qualifications in medicine , and secondly , to undertake his own studies in the anatomy of animals .

It was known in the dairy-farming areas of south-west England that milkmaids , and others who contracted the relatively mild and non-infectious disease of cowpox through handling udders of infected cows , obtained immunity from smallpox , and in 1765 the Medical Society of London received from a Dr Fewster a paper on ‘ Cow Pox and its Ability to prevent Smallpox ’ .
it was known in the dairy-farming areas of south-west england that milkmaids , and others who contracted the relatively mild and non-infectious disease of cowpox through handling udders of infected cows , [got] immunity from smallpox , and in 1765 the medical society of london received from a dr fewster a paper on ‘ cow pox and its ability to prevent smallpox ’ .

He was educated at Nottingham High School , Rugby School , and Trinity College , Cambridge , where he obtained first classes in both parts of the classical tripos ( 1908 and 1909 ) , in part ii specializing in archaeology , and won several classical prizes .
he was educated at nottingham high school , rugby school , and trinity college , cambridge , where he [got] first classes in both parts of the classical tripos ( 1908 and 1909 ) , in part ii specializing in archaeology , and won several classical prizes .

With characteristic bravado , he had meantime obtained a pilot 's certificate after only four hours two minutes in the air .
with characteristic bravado , he had meantime [got] a pilot 's certificate after only four hours two minutes in the air .

In 1156 Arnulf persuaded Henry to delay indefinitely his plans to invade Ireland by pointing out to him , quite correctly , that the papal permission obtained by John of Salisbury [ q.v . ]
in 1156 arnulf persuaded henry to delay indefinitely his plans to invade ireland by pointing out to him , quite correctly , that the papal permission [got] by john of salisbury [ q.v . ]

Thus , with the earldom of Essex passing to the descendants of Geoffrey 's first marriage , John had to make do with such manors as Aylesbury and Steeple Claydon in Buckinghamshire , Exning in Suffolk , and Cherhill and Winterslow in Wiltshire , the last the only part of the honour of Berkhamsted that he obtained .
thus , with the earldom of essex passing to the descendants of geoffrey 's first marriage , john had to make do with such manors as aylesbury and steeple claydon in buckinghamshire , exning in suffolk , and cherhill and winterslow in wiltshire , the last the only part of the honour of berkhamsted that he [got] .

He was educated at Eton and Trinity College , Cambridge , where he obtained a third class in the classical tripos in 1869 .
he was educated at eton and trinity college , cambridge , where he [got] a third class in the classical tripos in 1869 .

Of German , French , and Swiss stock , she was educated at South Hampstead High School and at Newnham College , Cambridge , where , in addition to several scholarships and prizes , she obtained firsts in both parts of the classical tripos ( 1903 and 1904 ) , followed by a research fellowship .
of german , french , and swiss stock , she was educated at south hampstead high school and at newnham college , cambridge , where , in addition to several scholarships and prizes , she [got] firsts in both parts of the classical tripos ( 1903 and 1904 ) , followed by a research fellowship .

Alanson and his colleagues obtained these results by making hospital reform an important part of their work .
alanson and his colleagues [got] these results by making hospital reform an important part of their work .

At Madras he obtained command of a country ship belonging to a syndicate of European merchants with interests in Sumatra and the northern regions of the Malay peninsula .
at madras he [got] command of a country ship belonging to a syndicate of european merchants with interests in sumatra and the northern regions of the malay peninsula .

Growing Dutch power in the region led to new interest in establishing a British base in the Straits of Malacca , and in 1786 he obtained a renewal of the offer of Penang from the sultan of Kedah , on condition of a defensive alliance with the East India Company .
growing dutch power in the region led to new interest in establishing a british base in the straits of malacca , and in 1786 he [got] a renewal of the offer of penang from the sultan of kedah , on condition of a defensive alliance with the east india company .

He was probably the Robert Pemel who obtained an archiepiscopal licence to practise medicine around 1632 .
he was probably the robert pemel who [got] an archiepiscopal licence to practise medicine around 1632 .

Then , influenced by his aunt Naomi Treen ( née Cubitt ) , a teacher at an elementary school practising Pestalozzian methods , he obtained in 1851 the post of master at Holy Trinity National School , Lambeth , where the progressive vicar , the Revd James Gillman , allowed him to pioneer revolutionary teaching methods in natural history and to set up a school museum .
then , influenced by his aunt naomi treen ( née cubitt ) , a teacher at an elementary school practising pestalozzian methods , he [got] in 1851 the post of master at holy trinity national school , lambeth , where the progressive vicar , the revd james gillman , allowed him to pioneer revolutionary teaching methods in natural history and to set up a school museum .

Having it would seem obtained a training as a land surveyor , he was manciple of Emmanuel College , Cambridge , by 1628 .
having it would seem [got] a training as a land surveyor , he was manciple of emmanuel college , cambridge , by 1628 .

He was university-trained , no doubt at Oxford , appears to have obtained his first benefice in commendam ( Coningsby , Lincolnshire ) in 1243 and , probably having been attached to the familia of William de Raleigh [ q.v . ]
he was university-trained , no doubt at oxford , appears to have [got] his first benefice in commendam ( coningsby , lincolnshire ) in 1243 and , probably having been attached to the familia of william de raleigh [ q.v . ]

Between 1245 and 1257 he obtained dispensations to hold several benefices in plurality , which included the rectory of Farnham , annexed to the archdeaconry of Surrey , the rectory of East Clandon in Surrey , the chapel of Bloxworth in Dorset , and a prebend in the king 's free chapel of St Nicholas at Wallingford Castle .
between 1245 and 1257 he [got] dispensations to hold several benefices in plurality , which included the rectory of farnham , annexed to the archdeaconry of surrey , the rectory of east clandon in surrey , the chapel of bloxworth in dorset , and a prebend in the king 's free chapel of st nicholas at wallingford castle .

Educated at Rotherham Grammar School and the Leys School , Cambridge , Bailey attended Sheffield University where he obtained a B.Eng .
educated at rotherham grammar school and the leys school , cambridge , bailey attended sheffield university where he [got] a b.eng .

He was educated at Winchester and Trinity College , Oxford , where he obtained a second class in modern history in 1911 .
he was educated at winchester and trinity college , oxford , where he [got] a second class in modern history in 1911 .

Equally adept as an experimenter , he built high-performance cloud chambers at Liverpool and Aberystwyth , and obtained some of the earliest photographs from which the mass of the meson could be deduced .
equally adept as an experimenter , he built high-performance cloud chambers at liverpool and aberystwyth , and [got] some of the earliest photographs from which the mass of the meson could be deduced .

By this time Sadler was interested in steam engines : in 1791 he obtained a patent for an unsuccessful rotary engine .
by this time sadler was interested in steam engines : in 1791 he [got] a patent for an unsuccessful rotary engine .

Brasenose awarded him a senior Hulme exhibition and he obtained first classes in mathematical moderations ( 1906 ) , mathematics ( 1908 ) , and engineering science ( 1910 ) .
brasenose awarded him a senior hulme exhibition and he [got] first classes in mathematical moderations ( 1906 ) , mathematics ( 1908 ) , and engineering science ( 1910 ) .

He was educated at Charterhouse and Pembroke College , Cambridge , where he obtained first classes in each part of the classical tripos ( 1896 and 1897 ) .
he was educated at charterhouse and pembroke college , cambridge , where he [got] first classes in each part of the classical tripos ( 1896 and 1897 ) .

Although led by communists , Hannington 's movement was criticized by the Communist party for failing to politicize the unemployed , large numbers of whom joined the movement only to leave it quickly once work was obtained .
although led by communists , hannington 's movement was criticized by the communist party for failing to politicize the unemployed , large numbers of whom joined the movement only to leave it quickly once work was [got] .

D'Arcy himself never went to Persia , but on 28 May 1901 his representative obtained a concession valid for sixty years .
d'arcy himself never went to persia , but on 28 may 1901 his representative [got] a concession valid for sixty years .

It is uncertain how Cameron obtained an introduction to her but it was possibly through Clérisseau , who was known to her , or through Cameron 's book on the Roman baths .
it is uncertain how cameron [got] an introduction to her but it was possibly through clérisseau , who was known to her , or through cameron 's book on the roman baths .

The process was assigned to the Cassel Company , international patents obtained , and MacArthur began to train young chemists and dispatch them with plant to virtually every gold-producing country .
the process was assigned to the cassel company , international patents [got] , and macarthur began to train young chemists and dispatch them with plant to virtually every gold-producing country .

He obtained few commissions for public buildings because , after his early success , he declined to enter the competitions through which , in his day , the architects of many of these were chosen ; but he acquired connections with the landed and wealthy , for several of whom he designed country houses .
he [got] few commissions for public buildings because , after his early success , he declined to enter the competitions through which , in his day , the architects of many of these were chosen ; but he acquired connections with the landed and wealthy , for several of whom he designed country houses .

David obtained a D.Litt .
david [got] a d.litt .

The first full edition seems to have been assembled in a very haphazard fashion , with names added as fast as they could be obtained , out of alphabetical order , and with an unreliable index .
the first full edition seems to have been assembled in a very haphazard fashion , with names added as fast as they could be [got] , out of alphabetical order , and with an unreliable index .

He obtained a second class in literae humaniores and a first in mathematics in 1822 .
he [got] a second class in literae humaniores and a first in mathematics in 1822 .

At the age of fourteen he obtained a scholarship to Stowe School which had only been in existence six years .
at the age of fourteen he [got] a scholarship to stowe school which had only been in existence six years .

Crowe 's long-standing ambition to secure the lease of the royal ironworks in the Forest of Dean was finally rewarded in 1635 when he and his partners obtained the lease after the existing lessees had fallen foul of the royal forest jurisdiction .
crowe 's long-standing ambition to secure the lease of the royal ironworks in the forest of dean was finally rewarded in 1635 when he and his partners [got] the lease after the existing lessees had fallen foul of the royal forest jurisdiction .

He obtained a third class in part i of the geography tripos in 1932 and a second class in part ii of the history tripos the following year .
he [got] a third class in part i of the geography tripos in 1932 and a second class in part ii of the history tripos the following year .

His next certain appearance was in the diocese of Hereford , whose bishop John Trefnant in 1390 obtained a transcript of the 1382 condemnation ; evidently Swinderby 's preaching was notorious along the Welsh border .
his next certain appearance was in the diocese of hereford , whose bishop john trefnant in 1390 [got] a transcript of the 1382 condemnation ; evidently swinderby 's preaching was notorious along the welsh border .

The bank was merely a device to raise capital for railway and port construction and was transferred to the National Provincial after Jackson obtained parliamentary authority to build the West Hartlepool harbour and dock in 1844 .
the bank was merely a device to raise capital for railway and port construction and was transferred to the national provincial after jackson [got] parliamentary authority to build the west hartlepool harbour and dock in 1844 .

He obtained a first class in part i of the history tripos in 1941 .
he [got] a first class in part i of the history tripos in 1941 .

He was educated at Marlborough and at New College , Oxford , where he obtained second classes in classical honour moderations ( 1895 ) and literae humaniores ( 1897 ) .
he was educated at marlborough and at new college , oxford , where he [got] second classes in classical honour moderations ( 1895 ) and literae humaniores ( 1897 ) .

He was educated at local council schools until he obtained employment as a shipping clerk , working with several companies until he was thirty-eight .
he was educated at local council schools until he [got] employment as a shipping clerk , working with several companies until he was thirty-eight .

Hornby obtained his first patent in 1901 ; the following year sets , produced in rented premises and marketed as ‘ Mechanics Made Easy ’ , appeared in Liverpool toy shops .
hornby [got] his first patent in 1901 ; the following year sets , produced in rented premises and marketed as ‘ mechanics made easy ’ , appeared in liverpool toy shops .

He spent four years at a Liverpool shipping house and then in 1861 obtained a clerical post at Hutchinson 's alkali works in Widnes .
he spent four years at a liverpool shipping house and then in 1861 [got] a clerical post at hutchinson 's alkali works in widnes .

Jackson obtained another patent in 1760 , for manufacturing isinglass from British materials at his own factory , following a journey to Russia .
jackson [got] another patent in 1760 , for manufacturing isinglass from british materials at his own factory , following a journey to russia .

He built the first wind tunnel in Scotland and obtained his Ph.D .
he built the first wind tunnel in scotland and [got] his ph.d .

He supervised several Rhodes scholars , who obtained their doctorates and went on to successful careers .
he supervised several rhodes scholars , who [got] their doctorates and went on to successful careers .

Sykes obtained awards for his signalling and railway safety inventions at many international exhibitions , notably at Paris in 1881 ; Crystal Palace in 1882 , 1892 , and 1893 ; Antwerp in 1894 , and Brussels in 1897 .
sykes [got] awards for his signalling and railway safety inventions at many international exhibitions , notably at paris in 1881 ; crystal palace in 1882 , 1892 , and 1893 ; antwerp in 1894 , and brussels in 1897 .

Educated in medicine at the University of Edinburgh , he obtained a diploma from the Royal College of Surgeons , Edinburgh , in March 1802 .
educated in medicine at the university of edinburgh , he [got] a diploma from the royal college of surgeons , edinburgh , in march 1802 .

, after some years at Birkbeck College where he obtained a first-class honours degree in English , and he helped to found a National Socialist party in London .
, after some years at birkbeck college where he [got] a first-class honours degree in english , and he helped to found a national socialist party in london .

In portraiture he obtained at the same time a good likeness , much appreciated by the sitters and their families , and , in these works and in his more fanciful subjects , he engendered feelings of respect and admiration .
in portraiture he [got] at the same time a good likeness , much appreciated by the sitters and their families , and , in these works and in his more fanciful subjects , he engendered feelings of respect and admiration .

He obtained first classes in the classical tripos ( parts i and ii , 1909 and 1911 ) and the Oriental languages tripos ( 1910 ) ; was awarded the Brotherton memorial Sanskrit prize ; and was elected a fellow of Christ 's ( 1912 ) .
he [got] first classes in the classical tripos ( parts i and ii , 1909 and 1911 ) and the oriental languages tripos ( 1910 ) ; was awarded the brotherton memorial sanskrit prize ; and was elected a fellow of christ 's ( 1912 ) .

In 1826 , all other attempts to resume his military career having failed , he obtained a lieutenancy in the Royal African Colonial Corps .
in 1826 , all other attempts to resume his military career having failed , he [got] a lieutenancy in the royal african colonial corps .

He was already beneficed in the diocese of York , for in 1264 he had obtained a papal dispensation to hold the rectory of Welwick in Holderness with two other benefices with cure of souls .
he was already beneficed in the diocese of york , for in 1264 he had [got] a papal dispensation to hold the rectory of welwick in holderness with two other benefices with cure of souls .

He obtained first classes in both parts ( 1882 and 1883 ) of the natural sciences tripos .
he [got] first classes in both parts ( 1882 and 1883 ) of the natural sciences tripos .

In 1618 he obtained the freedom of the city of Canterbury and shortly after became a member of the common council , though he was soon removed , due to the hostility of the corporation ruling group .
in 1618 he [got] the freedom of the city of canterbury and shortly after became a member of the common council , though he was soon removed , due to the hostility of the corporation ruling group .

At the end of his mayoralty he founded six almshouses at St Helen 's Bishopsgate , with the Skinners as trustees , and in May 1553 he obtained letters patent for the erection of a free school , Tonbridge School , again with the Skinners ' Company as trustees .
at the end of his mayoralty he founded six almshouses at st helen 's bishopsgate , with the skinners as trustees , and in may 1553 he [got] letters patent for the erection of a free school , tonbridge school , again with the skinners ' company as trustees .

He ‘ painted incomparably ’ a large Bible , for which he obtained vellum from Ireland .
he ‘ painted incomparably ’ a large bible , for which he [got] vellum from ireland .

He was educated at Marlborough College , to which he had a lifelong devotion , and at Balliol College , Oxford , where he captained both the cricket and hockey XIs and where he obtained a first class in classical honour moderations ( 1924 ) and second classes in mathematical moderations ( 1924 ) and literae humaniores ( 1926 ) .
he was educated at marlborough college , to which he had a lifelong devotion , and at balliol college , oxford , where he captained both the cricket and hockey xis and where he [got] a first class in classical honour moderations ( 1924 ) and second classes in mathematical moderations ( 1924 ) and literae humaniores ( 1926 ) .

In 1923 he obtained two consultant posts as children 's physician , one at the Queen 's Hospital for Children , where for ten years he was in charge of the London county council rheumatic and heart clinic , and the other at Paddington Green Children 's Hospital , where he continued to work for nearly forty years .
in 1923 he [got] two consultant posts as children 's physician , one at the queen 's hospital for children , where for ten years he was in charge of the london county council rheumatic and heart clinic , and the other at paddington green children 's hospital , where he continued to work for nearly forty years .

‘ Jock ’ Swire was educated at Eton and University College , Oxford , where he obtained a third class in jurisprudence in 1913 .
‘ jock ’ swire was educated at eton and university college , oxford , where he [got] a third class in jurisprudence in 1913 .

It was after the Revolution that Gould first came to prominence when he became one of the largest suppliers of hemp , pitch , and tar to the Royal Navy ; and in this capacity , immediately before the War of the Spanish Succession , he played an important part in providing the navy with Russian hemp from Archangel in place of the supplies that could no longer be obtained from Riga ( beleaguered by the Russians ) .
it was after the revolution that gould first came to prominence when he became one of the largest suppliers of hemp , pitch , and tar to the royal navy ; and in this capacity , immediately before the war of the spanish succession , he played an important part in providing the navy with russian hemp from archangel in place of the supplies that could no longer be [got] from riga ( beleaguered by the russians ) .

Between 1863 and 1872 he worked as a demonstrator at the Pharmaceutical Society under Professor John Attfield ; he also obtained a B.Sc .
between 1863 and 1872 he worked as a demonstrator at the pharmaceutical society under professor john attfield ; he also [got] a b.sc .

Attacked in the House for his failure to take part in the business of sequestration , Holland obtained permission to join his family in the Netherlands .
attacked in the house for his failure to take part in the business of sequestration , holland [got] permission to join his family in the netherlands .

In 1580 he obtained , and sold , the office of ragler ( sheriff ) in Cardiganshire .
in 1580 he [got] , and sold , the office of ragler ( sheriff ) in cardiganshire .

Eventually he obtained an annuity from the Exchequer of £66 13s .
eventually he [got] an annuity from the exchequer of £66 13s .

He obtained second classes in classical honour moderations ( 1898 ) , literae humaniores ( 1900 ) , and theology ( 1901 ) , and was awarded a Liddon exhibition in 1900 and a Denyer and Johnson scholarship in 1902 .
he [got] second classes in classical honour moderations ( 1898 ) , literae humaniores ( 1900 ) , and theology ( 1901 ) , and was awarded a liddon exhibition in 1900 and a denyer and johnson scholarship in 1902 .

He was already postmaster for foreign posts ; he now obtained the rights in a new office — the Letter Office of England ; and the secretaries of state , who became ex officio postmasters-general in the same year , made him their deputy .
he was already postmaster for foreign posts ; he now [got] the rights in a new office — the letter office of england ; and the secretaries of state , who became ex officio postmasters-general in the same year , made him their deputy .

Foulston himself wrote of the group that : ‘ it occurred to him that if a series of edifices , exhibiting the various features of the architectural world , were erected in conjunction and skilfully grouped , a happy result might be obtained .
foulston himself wrote of the group that : ‘ it occurred to him that if a series of edifices , exhibiting the various features of the architectural world , were erected in conjunction and skilfully grouped , a happy result might be [got] .

Bulleid strongly advocated the need for new and more powerful steam locomotives and obtained authority for this .
bulleid strongly advocated the need for new and more powerful steam locomotives and [got] authority for this .

Two years later he obtained a reversion to the office of the queen 's printer .
two years later he [got] a reversion to the office of the queen 's printer .

He obtained a diploma in psychological medicine in 1943 .
he [got] a diploma in psychological medicine in 1943 .

Although the amount of his fine was fixed at 2,000 marks as early as October 1292 , he remained in prison in the Tower and later in Winchester Castle till 1294 , when his release was obtained in return for a promise by Henry and his sureties to pay the fine off at the rate of 300 marks a year .
although the amount of his fine was fixed at 2,000 marks as early as october 1292 , he remained in prison in the tower and later in winchester castle till 1294 , when his release was [got] in return for a promise by henry and his sureties to pay the fine off at the rate of 300 marks a year .

In 1672 Haines obtained a patent for a new method of cleaning trefoil so as to improve the seed , and this led to public controversy with Caffyn , who was himself a local farmer , jealous of Haines 's influence with local notables , and convinced that patents were unchristian and patentees covetous .
in 1672 haines [got] a patent for a new method of cleaning trefoil so as to improve the seed , and this led to public controversy with caffyn , who was himself a local farmer , jealous of haines 's influence with local notables , and convinced that patents were unchristian and patentees covetous .

He obtained his freedom in 1610 , and thereafter built a successful business as printer and publisher , despite being frequently at the centre of political and religious controversy and at odds with the more established members of his company .
he [got] his freedom in 1610 , and thereafter built a successful business as printer and publisher , despite being frequently at the centre of political and religious controversy and at odds with the more established members of his company .

He was a scholar at both the King 's School , Canterbury ( 1903–7 ) , and Lincoln College , Oxford ( 1907–11 ) , although he only obtained a second class in modern history ( 1911 ) .
he was a scholar at both the king 's school , canterbury ( 1903–7 ) , and lincoln college , oxford ( 1907–11 ) , although he only [got] a second class in modern history ( 1911 ) .

If the grace of repentance was so easily obtained , why worry about holy purity ?
if the grace of repentance was so easily [got] , why worry about holy purity ?

He followed them home with something of the elation of a successful spy , and when he eagerly observed Clare 's final self-abandonment in the porch it seemed to him that he had obtained some immensely pleasurable secret .
he followed them home with something of the elation of a successful spy , and when he eagerly observed clare 's final self-abandonment in the porch it seemed to him that he had [got] some immensely pleasurable secret .

That may change ; for , in recent years , developments in banking and commercial circles have led to the invention of a remarkable array of new and highly sophisticated types of ‘ securitised ’ loan investments as a result of which finance , which would formerly have been raised by a straightforward bank loan ( for most purposes not a debenture ) may be obtained through the issue of instruments , some of which for most purposes unquestionably are debentures and others of which may or may not be .
that may change ; for , in recent years , developments in banking and commercial circles have led to the invention of a remarkable array of new and highly sophisticated types of ‘ securitised ’ loan investments as a result of which finance , which would formerly have been raised by a straightforward bank loan ( for most purposes not a debenture ) may be [got] through the issue of instruments , some of which for most purposes unquestionably are debentures and others of which may or may not be .

Before the stated period ends , however , it will be necessary for the name of the ultimate holder to be inserted , his signature obtained , and the allotment letter lodged with the company or its registrars .
before the stated period ends , however , it will be necessary for the name of the ultimate holder to be inserted , his signature [got] , and the allotment letter lodged with the company or its registrars .

Another creditor of the shareholder subsequently obtained judgment against him and a charging order on the shares by way of equitable execution .
another creditor of the shareholder subsequently [got] judgment against him and a charging order on the shares by way of equitable execution .

But if a receiver has been appointed by the court , the court 's leave must be obtained , for it is then in possession through its officers .
but if a receiver has been appointed by the court , the court 's leave must be [got] , for it is then in possession through its officers .

Most of the information ( and more besides ) could be obtained from the company itself but generally the first step will be to Companies House .
most of the information ( and more besides ) could be [got] from the company itself but generally the first step will be to companies house .

Hence a search of its file should enable reasonably up-to-date information to be obtained on such matters as : its constitution ( the memorandum and articles , as amended ) ; its officers ; the address of its registered offices ; its issued share capital ; charges on its property ; and , in most cases , its latest annual accounts .
hence a search of its file should enable reasonably up-to-date information to be [got] on such matters as : its constitution ( the memorandum and articles , as amended ) ; its officers ; the address of its registered offices ; its issued share capital ; charges on its property ; and , in most cases , its latest annual accounts .

It also enables some additional or more recent information to be obtained .
it also enables some additional or more recent information to be [got] .

Most of the information obtainable from Companies House can instead be obtained from the company and so can further information especially if the searcher is a member of the company .
most of the information obtainable from companies house can instead be [got] from the company and so can further information especially if the searcher is a member of the company .

This is so , for example , if its inclusion is not material for the purposes of giving a true and fair view or if , in effect , the parent is not able to exercise dominance over the subsidiary or holds its interest in the subsidiary exclusively with a view to resale , or the information necessary for group accounts can not be obtained without disproportionate delay or expense .
this is so , for example , if its inclusion is not material for the purposes of giving a true and fair view or if , in effect , the parent is not able to exercise dominance over the subsidiary or holds its interest in the subsidiary exclusively with a view to resale , or the information necessary for group accounts can not be [got] without disproportionate delay or expense .

The effect , however , turned out to be a somewhat elusive one in subsequent research , until the conditions under which it can be obtained were elucidated by Johnston and McClelland ( 1973 ) .
the effect , however , turned out to be a somewhat elusive one in subsequent research , until the conditions under which it can be [got] were elucidated by johnston and mcclelland ( 1973 ) .

With a brightness mask , no word-superiority effect was obtained : performance was equivalent for word and single-letter targets .
with a brightness mask , no word-superiority effect was [got] : performance was equivalent for word and single-letter targets .

Further information about the operation of context effects in auditory word recognition can be obtained by examining the relationship between detection latencies and the position of the word in the context .
further information about the operation of context effects in auditory word recognition can be [got] by examining the relationship between detection latencies and the position of the word in the context .

Many illuminating results have been obtained from experiments which study single sentences and sententially-structured passages — indeed , the experiments which we report in this chapter have done just this .
many illuminating results have been [got] from experiments which study single sentences and sententially-structured passages — indeed , the experiments which we report in this chapter have done just this .

Therefore , Mitchell and Green concluded , the additional reading time must reflect the additional difficulty of relating the information currently being obtained to information presented earlier in the passage .
therefore , mitchell and green concluded , the additional reading time must reflect the additional difficulty of relating the information currently being [got] to information presented earlier in the passage .

The pattern of results obtained by Marslen-Wilson et al .
the pattern of results [got] by marslen-wilson et al .

Essentially similar results were obtained from other experiments reported in the same paper using different passages and verbal contexts .
essentially similar results were [got] from other experiments reported in the same paper using different passages and verbal contexts .

There are many different shapes and sizes to choose from and most can be obtained in a choice of colours , so it is wise to obtain a selection of catalogues from specialists and weigh up the advantages and disadvantages of each type before making what will undoubtedly be a sizeable investment .
there are many different shapes and sizes to choose from and most can be [got] in a choice of colours , so it is wise to obtain a selection of catalogues from specialists and weigh up the advantages and disadvantages of each type before making what will undoubtedly be a sizeable investment .

The same effect can be obtained by filling the pool with water and emptying it several times over a period of two or three weeks .
the same effect can be [got] by filling the pool with water and emptying it several times over a period of two or three weeks .

When it comes to installation , sound advice can be obtained from the Electricity Council , for electricity is a good servant but a poor master and the inexperienced should not tamper with its installation , especially in the presence of water .
when it comes to installation , sound advice can be [got] from the electricity council , for electricity is a good servant but a poor master and the inexperienced should not tamper with its installation , especially in the presence of water .

The simplest fountain is obtained by a jet unit attached to the outlet of a submersible pump , or to a figure or artificially contrived feature served by a surface pump .
the simplest fountain is [got] by a jet unit attached to the outlet of a submersible pump , or to a figure or artificially contrived feature served by a surface pump .

It is a picture indelibly imprinted , Ward 's voice painting it in quiet words , neither excited nor repelled by the horror of it , but simply repeating information he had obtained from one of the books he had borrowed from his Glasgow library as soon as he knew the route he would be taking to Punta Arenas and the Antarctic .
it is a picture indelibly imprinted , ward 's voice painting it in quiet words , neither excited nor repelled by the horror of it , but simply repeating information he had [got] from one of the books he had borrowed from his glasgow library as soon as he knew the route he would be taking to punta arenas and the antarctic .

Second , having obtained the information , the American citizen has greater possibilities for action , inasmuch as the existence of the constitution and the Bill of Rights enables government action to be tested in the courts against that standard ( see chapter 18 ) .
second , having [got] the information , the american citizen has greater possibilities for action , inasmuch as the existence of the constitution and the bill of rights enables government action to be tested in the courts against that standard ( see chapter 18 ) .

More meaningful results are obtained by producing budgetary accounts that are classified in a way which is specific to the particular service but this is at the expense of a uniform format for budgetary accounting .
more meaningful results are [got] by producing budgetary accounts that are classified in a way which is specific to the particular service but this is at the expense of a uniform format for budgetary accounting .

This is the more important part of the capital/income confusion in public sector organizations : agreement on the irrelevance of income as a performance measure can often be readily obtained because service provision may have nothing to do with the profit motive ; on the other hand , all organizations have capital of some sort .
this is the more important part of the capital/income confusion in public sector organizations : agreement on the irrelevance of income as a performance measure can often be readily [got] because service provision may have nothing to do with the profit motive ; on the other hand , all organizations have capital of some sort .

‘ Cash , claims to cash ( for example , debt securities of another entity and accounts and taxes receivable ) , claims to goods or services ( for example , prepaid items ) , consumable goods ( for example , supplies inventories ) , and equity securities of another entity obtained or controlled as a result of past transactions or events . ’
‘ cash , claims to cash ( for example , debt securities of another entity and accounts and taxes receivable ) , claims to goods or services ( for example , prepaid items ) , consumable goods ( for example , supplies inventories ) , and equity securities of another entity [got] or controlled as a result of past transactions or events . ’

‘ Cash , claims to cash ( for example , accounts and taxes receivable ) , and claims to goods or services ( for example , prepaid items ) obtained or controlled as a result of past transactions or events . ’
‘ cash , claims to cash ( for example , accounts and taxes receivable ) , and claims to goods or services ( for example , prepaid items ) [got] or controlled as a result of past transactions or events . ’

The scope of our work was designed to ensure that the information on deliveries was obtained in accordance with the stated methodology and sampling programme set out on page … and that the results were correctly calculated and presented .
the scope of our work was designed to ensure that the information on deliveries was [got] in accordance with the stated methodology and sampling programme set out on page … and that the results were correctly calculated and presented .

In our opinion , the quality of service measurements of the first and second class letter service for 1990/1991 have been correctly calculated and presented and have been derived from information obtained in accordance with the stated methodology and sampling programme .
in our opinion , the quality of service measurements of the first and second class letter service for 1990/1991 have been correctly calculated and presented and have been derived from information [got] in accordance with the stated methodology and sampling programme .

The auditor should carry out such a review of the financial statements as is sufficient , in conjunction with the conclusions drawn from the other audit evidence obtained , to give him a reasonable basis for his opinion on the financial statements .
the auditor should carry out such a review of the financial statements as is sufficient , in conjunction with the conclusions drawn from the other audit evidence [got] , to give him a reasonable basis for his opinion on the financial statements .

The evidence that can be obtained through the available windows is of four major kinds .
the evidence that can be [got] through the available windows is of four major kinds .

The following examples should give hints as to how this result may be obtained .
the following examples should give hints as to how this result may be [got] .

Higher notes can be obtained ( e.g .
higher notes can be [got] ( e.g .

By using the valves separately and in combination a sufficient number of harmonic series is obtained to give the instrument a chromatic compass .
by using the valves separately and in combination a sufficient number of harmonic series is [got] to give the instrument a chromatic compass .

Different timbres can also be obtained on single notes by similar means .
different timbres can also be [got] on single notes by similar means .

In this instrument differences of pitch are obtained , not by the use of valves , as in the horn and trumpet , but by varying the length of the vibrating column of air by means of a movable slide , the position of which is altered at will by the player .
in this instrument differences of pitch are [got] , not by the use of valves , as in the horn and trumpet , but by varying the length of the vibrating column of air by means of a movable slide , the position of which is altered at will by the player .

In this position ( the ‘ first position ’ ) the following notes can be obtained :
in this position ( the ‘ first position ’ ) the following notes can be [got] :

When using the tuba as an independent bass to the trombones in held chords the most satisfactory result is obtained if the tuba is placed rather low , even if this results in a big gap between it and the bass trombone . The writer ventures to think , for instance , that the final chord of the 1st movement of Tchaikovsky 's ‘ Pathetic Symphony ’ would be more satisfactory if arranged than thus
when using the tuba as an independent bass to the trombones in held chords the most satisfactory result is [got] if the tuba is placed rather low , even if this results in a big gap between it and the bass trombone . the writer ventures to think , for instance , that the final chord of the 1st movement of tchaikovsky 's ‘ pathetic symphony ’ would be more satisfactory if arranged than thus

Special effects can be obtained by strokes or rolls on a suspended cymbal , executed with timpani or side-drum sticks .
special effects can be [got] by strokes or rolls on a suspended cymbal , executed with timpani or side-drum sticks .

He introduced the idea of a resultant wind obtained by summing vectorially all winds exceeding 20 km/h ( 13 mile/h ) ( the lower limit of Beaufort Force 4 ) .
he introduced the idea of a resultant wind [got] by summing vectorially all winds exceeding 20 km/h ( 13 mile/h ) ( the lower limit of beaufort force 4 ) .

The whole subject of the relation of sea levels to Pleistocene events is so confused and the possibility of new information being obtained by the botanical study of interglacial beds so important , that it is better to leave the question open at the moment .
the whole subject of the relation of sea levels to pleistocene events is so confused and the possibility of new information being [got] by the botanical study of interglacial beds so important , that it is better to leave the question open at the moment .

It works less well on British maps with their dependence on contours though interesting results were obtained by Hollingworth ( 1938 ) .
it works less well on british maps with their dependence on contours though interesting results were [got] by hollingworth ( 1938 ) .

This can be dealt with either by fitting the natural curve and the formula curve so that their departures from each other are minimised through the whole length ; or by fitting the curve obtained from the formula to the lower parts of the segment of the river on the assumption that grade would be more nearly perfect in this reach ; or by refining the formula until it becomes very complicated indeed .
this can be dealt with either by fitting the natural curve and the formula curve so that their departures from each other are minimised through the whole length ; or by fitting the curve [got] from the formula to the lower parts of the segment of the river on the assumption that grade would be more nearly perfect in this reach ; or by refining the formula until it becomes very complicated indeed .

The cyclical process shown in Figure 9.1 is an adaptation of decision-making models that economists have used to maximise the utility obtained from the use of scarce resources ( see for example , Haynes , 1980 , Chapter 4 ) .
the cyclical process shown in figure 9.1 is an adaptation of decision-making models that economists have used to maximise the utility [got] from the use of scarce resources ( see for example , haynes , 1980 , chapter 4 ) .

Though this point of view is not a new one , it took on increased importance in 1975 when the Labour government obtained a loan from the International Monetary Fund which was conditional upon a reduction of the level of public expenditure .
though this point of view is not a new one , it took on increased importance in 1975 when the labour government [got] a loan from the international monetary fund which was conditional upon a reduction of the level of public expenditure .

It is argued that the doctor would have the information to decide from where the best value for money could be obtained .
it is argued that the doctor would have the information to decide from where the best value for money could be [got] .

Length can be obtained by simple means : as one canon ends it can continue by voices changing roles — the following voice becoming the leading one — ; and perhaps register ; the polyphony can be altered to canon by inversion , or the parts move backwards in retrograde or as a crab canon ; we can have episodes where augmentation lengthens note-values or diminution shortens them , and towards the end a ‘ stretto ’ can bring imitations at closer intervals , giving a sense of culmination .
length can be [got] by simple means : as one canon ends it can continue by voices changing roles — the following voice becoming the leading one — ; and perhaps register ; the polyphony can be altered to canon by inversion , or the parts move backwards in retrograde or as a crab canon ; we can have episodes where augmentation lengthens note-values or diminution shortens them , and towards the end a ‘ stretto ’ can bring imitations at closer intervals , giving a sense of culmination .

To prevent this kind of puerile triteness , it is best to use musical metres which break across the verse metre , and in Example 46 a much more subtle effect is obtained : The first version , ( a ) is more ‘ square ’ in rhythm than is ( b ) , and therefore has less poetic potential .
to prevent this kind of puerile triteness , it is best to use musical metres which break across the verse metre , and in example 46 a much more subtle effect is [got] : the first version , ( a ) is more ‘ square ’ in rhythm than is ( b ) , and therefore has less poetic potential .

Conversely , the note durations and rhythmic shapes can vary considerably , and if rising and falling note patterns are used a much more poetic and musical result is obtained , which can be close to arioso .
conversely , the note durations and rhythmic shapes can vary considerably , and if rising and falling note patterns are used a much more poetic and musical result is [got] , which can be close to arioso .

However , in practice , better results would be obtained by reviewing both lower parts freely , without following the stricter method we have used . )
however , in practice , better results would be [got] by reviewing both lower parts freely , without following the stricter method we have used . )

This may appear to be an odd question to pose , but it has a bearing on our approach to the provision of legal services and the involvement of lawyers . Does a situation only become a problem when the sufferer identifies it as something about which he or she , can do something ? If the mood is one of resigned acceptance , that the situation represents one 's life difficulties , that there is no help to be obtained in dealing with the matter , should we consider that such a person has a problem ?
this may appear to be an odd question to pose , but it has a bearing on our approach to the provision of legal services and the involvement of lawyers . does a situation only become a problem when the sufferer identifies it as something about which he or she , can do something ? if the mood is one of resigned acceptance , that the situation represents one 's life difficulties , that there is no help to be [got] in dealing with the matter , should we consider that such a person has a problem ?

The Royal Commission on Legal Services described them as ‘ … indispensable in a number of ways : they provide pre-trial advice to defendants who are often confused or ignorant and who have not previously obtained it , they encourage the adequate preparation of bail applications and help to reduce the number of ill-advised pleas , whether of guilt or innocence , and the number of remands required .
the royal commission on legal services described them as ‘ … indispensable in a number of ways : they provide pre-trial advice to defendants who are often confused or ignorant and who have not previously [got] it , they encourage the adequate preparation of bail applications and help to reduce the number of ill-advised pleas , whether of guilt or innocence , and the number of remands required .

improved value for money should be obtained by cutting down on unnecessary procedures , ( e.g. committals , remand hearings ) , strengthening controls on the progress of legally aided proceeding , changing listing practices , and restricting legal aid to solicitors who have demonstrated competence by membership of an appropriate panel ;
improved value for money should be [got] by cutting down on unnecessary procedures , ( e.g. committals , remand hearings ) , strengthening controls on the progress of legally aided proceeding , changing listing practices , and restricting legal aid to solicitors who have demonstrated competence by membership of an appropriate panel ;

As we have seen , where the business is contentious , the client is assisted in paying what is owed to the solicitor if he or she wins , since costs are then likely to be obtained from the losing party .
as we have seen , where the business is contentious , the client is assisted in paying what is owed to the solicitor if he or she wins , since costs are then likely to be [got] from the losing party .

At the outset , the plaintiff may be slow to contact a solicitor , negotiations for a settlement may drag on , the extent of the plaintiff 's injuries may not become clear until the end of a lengthy period of treatment , investigations may have to be carried out to ascertain the evidence , expert opinions may have to be obtained , communication and action by both sides may be poor and slow , the advice of counsel may be taken , pleadings are often extended , the length of time spent waiting for the trial to begin can be substantial , and errors may be made by the professionals involved .
at the outset , the plaintiff may be slow to contact a solicitor , negotiations for a settlement may drag on , the extent of the plaintiff 's injuries may not become clear until the end of a lengthy period of treatment , investigations may have to be carried out to ascertain the evidence , expert opinions may have to be [got] , communication and action by both sides may be poor and slow , the advice of counsel may be taken , pleadings are often extended , the length of time spent waiting for the trial to begin can be substantial , and errors may be made by the professionals involved .

Indeed there is evidence which shows that the longer the delay in seeing a solicitor , the less likely damages will be obtained .
indeed there is evidence which shows that the longer the delay in seeing a solicitor , the less likely damages will be [got] .

Details can be obtained from Gemma Barry on .
details can be [got] from gemma barry on .

This gives the ratio of Venus 's mass to that of the Sun , and the mass of the Sun is obtained from the dominant elliptical part of the orbit of any planet just as the mass of a planet can be determined from the orbit of a satellite around it .
this gives the ratio of venus 's mass to that of the sun , and the mass of the sun is [got] from the dominant elliptical part of the orbit of any planet just as the mass of a planet can be determined from the orbit of a satellite around it .

Figure 4.3 illustrates the types of information that can be obtained about a planet using radar which could not be , or not as readily be , determined by the passive receipt of naturally occurring radio waves .
figure 4.3 illustrates the types of information that can be [got] about a planet using radar which could not be , or not as readily be , determined by the passive receipt of naturally occurring radio waves .

The speed of the spacecraft along the line of sight from the Earth to the spacecraft can be obtained from the Doppler-shift of the known on-board transmitter wavelength .
the speed of the spacecraft along the line of sight from the earth to the spacecraft can be [got] from the doppler-shift of the known on-board transmitter wavelength .

By subtracting from this distance the spacecraft 's height the distance of the point on the surface from the centre of mass is obtained .
by subtracting from this distance the spacecraft 's height the distance of the point on the surface from the centre of mass is [got] .

Unfortunately , the spatial resolution of the best radar images so far obtained is too poor to have revealed such tell-tale signs .
unfortunately , the spatial resolution of the best radar images so far [got] is too poor to have revealed such tell-tale signs .

List the sorts of information about a planet that could be obtained by radar and which would be difficult to obtain by other means .
list the sorts of information about a planet that could be [got] by radar and which would be difficult to obtain by other means .

Name one type of information not readily obtained by radar .
name one type of information not readily [got] by radar .

The mass of the Moon has been obtained from the position of the centre of mass of the Earth and the Moon which lies 4748 km from the centre of mass of the Earth .
the mass of the moon has been [got] from the position of the centre of mass of the earth and the moon which lies 4748 km from the centre of mass of the earth .

Nearly all of this material was obtained by scooping the top of the surface , or by picking up small rocks up to about fist-size , or from cores a few centimetres in diameter and up to 2.4 metres deep .
nearly all of this material was [got] by scooping the top of the surface , or by picking up small rocks up to about fist-size , or from cores a few centimetres in diameter and up to 2.4 metres deep .

In only one case was a sample obtained from a large lump of rock , these being scarce on the lunar surface .
in only one case was a sample [got] from a large lump of rock , these being scarce on the lunar surface .

No radiometric ages less than about 3000 Ma have been obtained for any lunar samples except for a tentative date of 850 Ma for material thought to have been ejected and heated by the formation of Copernicus ( Figure 6.7 ) .
no radiometric ages less than about 3000 ma have been [got] for any lunar samples except for a tentative date of 850 ma for material thought to have been ejected and heated by the formation of copernicus ( figure 6.7 ) .

However , from the gravitational influence of Mercury on the orbit of Mariner 10 a mass was obtained with 5 times less observational uncertainty than radar had yielded , to give a mean density of 5430 kg/m 3 .
however , from the gravitational influence of mercury on the orbit of mariner 10 a mass was [got] with 5 times less observational uncertainty than radar had yielded , to give a mean density of 5430 kg/m 3 .

Spacecraft missions have yielded pictures with up to 500 times the resolution obtained from the Earth .
spacecraft missions have yielded pictures with up to 500 times the resolution [got] from the earth .

In Rotherham , ‘ [ t ] he specific grant has been successfully obtained for a list of improvements which includes : implementing a joint care programme approach to planning and providing services to users ’ , while in Bradford the demands of care programming and care management led to considerable investment in Information Technology :
in rotherham , ‘ [ t ] he specific grant has been successfully [got] for a list of improvements which includes : implementing a joint care programme approach to planning and providing services to users ’ , while in bradford the demands of care programming and care management led to considerable investment in information technology :

It is a measure of the author 's skill that she obtained the trust of so many residents and elicited such honest responses about personal and emotionally laden parts of their lives .
it is a measure of the author 's skill that she [got] the trust of so many residents and elicited such honest responses about personal and emotionally laden parts of their lives .

In Vienna , emancipation began with the liberal reforms of 1848 , and by the 1860s Jews had obtained full freedom of migration .
in vienna , emancipation began with the liberal reforms of 1848 , and by the 1860s jews had [got] full freedom of migration .

‘ Regulations , directives and decisions of the Council and of the Commission shall state the reasons on which they are based and shall refer to any proposals or opinions which were required to be obtained pursuant to this Treaty . ’
‘ regulations , directives and decisions of the council and of the commission shall state the reasons on which they are based and shall refer to any proposals or opinions which were required to be [got] pursuant to this treaty . ’

After hearing the evidence , the Tribunale Penale di Roma found that they had obtained the drugs from Hurley for the purpose of entrapping Italian nationals , among them Mario Cetera , the husband of Joan Schumacher , American heiress to the Prentice Hall publishing fortune .
after hearing the evidence , the tribunale penale di roma found that they had [got] the drugs from hurley for the purpose of entrapping italian nationals , among them mario cetera , the husband of joan schumacher , american heiress to the prentice hall publishing fortune .

After an overnight stay at the Washington Court hotel ( at the government rate as the reservation had been made by the Pentagon ) , he obtained a Washington driver 's licence in the name of Leavy and was given a Social Security card ( no .
after an overnight stay at the washington court hotel ( at the government rate as the reservation had been made by the pentagon ) , he [got] a washington driver 's licence in the name of leavy and was given a social security card ( no .

Fathers who choose instead to commit acts of oral sex or buggery on them will commit no offence save where the girl 's consent , in the narrow , legal sense of the term , is lacking or where it has been obtained by threat , which may be difficult to prove .
fathers who choose instead to commit acts of oral sex or buggery on them will commit no offence save where the girl 's consent , in the narrow , legal sense of the term , is lacking or where it has been [got] by threat , which may be difficult to prove .

The wife had obtained a separation order containing a non-cohabitation clause from the magistrates ' court .
the wife had [got] a separation order containing a non-cohabitation clause from the magistrates ' court .

In Kentucky , Louisiana Maryland and Missouri , a separation order must have been obtained .
in kentucky , louisiana maryland and missouri , a separation order must have been [got] .

These decisions paved the way for Flattery and Williams in which rape was held to have been committed where the defendant , using neither force nor the threat of it , obtained the victim 's consent to intercourse by a fraud as to the nature of the act .
these decisions paved the way for flattery and williams in which rape was held to have been committed where the defendant , using neither force nor the threat of it , [got] the victim 's consent to intercourse by a fraud as to the nature of the act .

Moreover , whilst sexual intercourse with a woman procured by husband impersonation is a statutory crime in Scotland , it would not appear to be rape where sexual intercourse is obtained by a fraud as to the nature of the act .
moreover , whilst sexual intercourse with a woman procured by husband impersonation is a statutory crime in scotland , it would not appear to be rape where sexual intercourse is [got] by a fraud as to the nature of the act .

It suggested that submission obtained by threats other than of violence might suffice for rape and held that it should be left to the jury , with adequate direction from the judge , to make up its mind whether or not on the facts of each case the woman had truly consented .
it suggested that submission [got] by threats other than of violence might suffice for rape and held that it should be left to the jury , with adequate direction from the judge , to make up its mind whether or not on the facts of each case the woman had truly consented .

‘ For the purposes of this section , no consent is obtained where the complainant submits or does not resist by reason of ( a ) the application of force to the complainant or to a person other than the complainant ; ( b ) threats or fear of the application of force to the complainant or to a person other than the complainant ; ( c ) fraud ; ( d ) the exercise of authority .
‘ for the purposes of this section , no consent is [got] where the complainant submits or does not resist by reason of ( a ) the application of force to the complainant or to a person other than the complainant ; ( b ) threats or fear of the application of force to the complainant or to a person other than the complainant ; ( c ) fraud ; ( d ) the exercise of authority .

There are many ways in which help can be obtained for those who are incontinent .
there are many ways in which help can be [got] for those who are incontinent .

Copies may be obtained from Police Headquarters .
copies may be [got] from police headquarters .

Further copies of this booklet may be obtained from Lothian Regional Council ,
further copies of this booklet may be [got] from lothian regional council ,

Further details for routes in East Lothian can be obtained from the Leisure , Recreation & Tourism Department of East Lothian District Council by telephoning .
further details for routes in east lothian can be [got] from the leisure , recreation & tourism department of east lothian district council by telephoning .

Acts of Parliament were obtained in 1896 to authorise the construction of sewers down the length of its valley and these relieved the overburdened river of much of its unpleasantness .
acts of parliament were [got] in 1896 to authorise the construction of sewers down the length of its valley and these relieved the overburdened river of much of its unpleasantness .

For further details of the Edinburgh routes can be obtained from the Planning Department of Edinburgh District Council by telephoning .
for further details of the edinburgh routes can be [got] from the planning department of edinburgh district council by telephoning .

Further details of this route in Midlothian can be obtained from the Recreation and Leisure Department of Midlothian District Council by telephoning .
further details of this route in midlothian can be [got] from the recreation and leisure department of midlothian district council by telephoning .

Further details of this route in Midlothian can be obtained from the Recreation and Leisure Department of West Lothian District Council by telephoning .
further details of this route in midlothian can be [got] from the recreation and leisure department of west lothian district council by telephoning .

Copies of the leaflet about the latter may be obtained from Police Headquarters , Fettes .
copies of the leaflet about the latter may be [got] from police headquarters , fettes .

Some extra copies of ‘ Lothian Looking Forward ’ are available and can be obtained by telephoning the Corporate Services Department on .
some extra copies of ‘ lothian looking forward ’ are available and can be [got] by telephoning the corporate services department on .

Road safety education will also be actively encouraged in Regional establishments and those for which Regional authority must be obtained .
road safety education will also be actively encouraged in regional establishments and those for which regional authority must be [got] .

It is anticipated that the benefits obtained from these actions will reduce the number of pedestrian casualties by 5% .
it is anticipated that the benefits [got] from these actions will reduce the number of pedestrian casualties by 5% .

It is anticipated that the benefits obtained from this action will reduce the number of casualties by 1.5% by the year 2000 .
it is anticipated that the benefits [got] from this action will reduce the number of casualties by 1.5% by the year 2000 .

More details about this should be obtained from your social worker or manager of your care home .
more details about this should be [got] from your social worker or manager of your care home .

Much work requires to be done — overgrowing trees on the Baberton Avenue side removed , boundary fences repaired , more ash obtained and the pavilion brought up to acceptable standards .
much work requires to be done — overgrowing trees on the baberton avenue side removed , boundary fences repaired , more ash [got] and the pavilion brought up to acceptable standards .

This is not easy to achieve , however , since like that of Meadow House Caravan Park , the sites in question often occupy positions along the coastline which , had they not been established before the advent of full planning control , would never have obtained planning consent , even for the ostensibly ‘ temporary ’ location of static caravans .
this is not easy to achieve , however , since like that of meadow house caravan park , the sites in question often occupy positions along the coastline which , had they not been established before the advent of full planning control , would never have [got] planning consent , even for the ostensibly ‘ temporary ’ location of static caravans .

We recognise the considerable environmental benefits that can be obtained from the conversion of redundant buildings in both rural and urban areas , in reducing the need for new buildings , preserving buildings of historic or architectural value and encouraging appropriate economic diversification .
we recognise the considerable environmental benefits that can be [got] from the conversion of redundant buildings in both rural and urban areas , in reducing the need for new buildings , preserving buildings of historic or architectural value and encouraging appropriate economic diversification .

The recent increases in Obando production are due to the success of the well stimulation programme , and there is scope for further production to be obtained over the coming months .
the recent increases in obando production are due to the success of the well stimulation programme , and there is scope for further production to be [got] over the coming months .

It is , however , recognised that prior to the introduction of any new Religious Education course into a Catholic School approval must be sought and obtained from the Bishops ' Conference , and , subsequently , from the Diocesan Religious Education Advisorate .
it is , however , recognised that prior to the introduction of any new religious education course into a catholic school approval must be sought and [got] from the bishops ' conference , and , subsequently , from the diocesan religious education advisorate .

used at each site in Britain ; if any picture at all emerges it is that mosaicists made good with what was easily obtained , and that the types of stone used for various shades of colour are predictable and limited in number .
used at each site in britain ; if any picture at all emerges it is that mosaicists made good with what was easily [got] , and that the types of stone used for various shades of colour are predictable and limited in number .

Experimental evidence for chaos based on the mode-splitting instability was first obtained by Casperson in 1978 { 10 } : the route to chaos was not studied in detail , except that period-two was observed .
experimental evidence for chaos based on the mode-splitting instability was first [got] by casperson in 1978 { 10 } : the route to chaos was not studied in detail , except that period-two was observed .

For example , in the Amerindian language Cubeo , the main protagonists and their actions in a story are tagged by a particle in such a systematic way that a concise and accurate precis is obtained if just those sentences containing the particle are extracted ( see Longacre , 1976a for many such cases in this and other Amerindian languages ; and Anderson & Keenan , in press , re the so-called fourth person category in Algonquian languages , really a discourse-deictic category ) .
for example , in the amerindian language cubeo , the main protagonists and their actions in a story are tagged by a particle in such a systematic way that a concise and accurate precis is [got] if just those sentences containing the particle are extracted ( see longacre , 1976a for many such cases in this and other amerindian languages ; and anderson & keenan , in press , re the so-called fourth person category in algonquian languages , really a discourse-deictic category ) .

The letters , copies of which were obtained by Far Eastern Economic Review , show that systematic breaches of forestry and revenue laws are taking place .
the letters , copies of which were [got] by far eastern economic review , show that systematic breaches of forestry and revenue laws are taking place .

Funding has been obtained for lecturerships in American History and American Foreign Policy , and the establishment of further posts is planned .
funding has been [got] for lecturerships in american history and american foreign policy , and the establishment of further posts is planned .

An integral part of the development will be the reorganisation of the University 's associated library holdings , and funding has been obtained for the institute 's library .
an integral part of the development will be the reorganisation of the university 's associated library holdings , and funding has been [got] for the institute 's library .

Margaret Sidebottom ( Mrs Clark ) Bristol obtained her Ph .
margaret sidebottom ( mrs clark ) bristol [got] her ph .

She has obtained a City and Guilds qualification in Horticulture which at present she uses ‘ only working part-time at a garden centre !
she has [got] a city and guilds qualification in horticulture which at present she uses ‘ only working part-time at a garden centre !

This is so whether or not de facto control is obtained .
this is so whether or not de facto control is [got] .

In recognition of this , the Code regulates other transactions where control can be obtained or consolidated .
in recognition of this , the code regulates other transactions where control can be [got] or consolidated .

( Note that a Whitewash is not available where the controlling interest is obtained by means of a purchase connected with a new issue of shares . )
( note that a whitewash is not available where the controlling interest is [got] by means of a purchase connected with a new issue of shares . )

However , there is one important exception , namely that the Panel will normally waive the obligation if a Whitewash is obtained ( see para 8.5 below ) .
however , there is one important exception , namely that the panel will normally waive the obligation if a whitewash is [got] ( see para 8.5 below ) .

( a ) an informal opinion can be obtained quickly , but the Panel executive will not give a definitive ruling until the views of both parties have been heard ;
( a ) an informal opinion can be [got] quickly , but the panel executive will not give a definitive ruling until the views of both parties have been heard ;

( 2 ) Informal opinions on matters relevant to the Code can be obtained from one of the Panel executives .
( 2 ) informal opinions on matters relevant to the code can be [got] from one of the panel executives .

Dispensations can be obtained and will usually be given for an acquisition of a company by private contract .
dispensations can be [got] and will usually be given for an acquisition of a company by private contract .

( 4 ) If the target company has more than one class of equity share capital and an offer is made which could result in 30 per cent or more of the voting rights being obtained , a comparable offer must be made for each class ( Rule 36.8 ) .
( 4 ) if the target company has more than one class of equity share capital and an offer is made which could result in 30 per cent or more of the voting rights being [got] , a comparable offer must be made for each class ( rule 36.8 ) .

( 5 ) If the partial offer could result in not less than 30 per cent but not more than 50 per cent of the voting rights being obtained , the offer must state the precise number of shares offered for and may not be declared unconditional as to acceptances unless acceptances are received for not less than that number ( Rule 36.4 ) .
( 5 ) if the partial offer could result in not less than 30 per cent but not more than 50 per cent of the voting rights being [got] , the offer must state the precise number of shares offered for and may not be declared unconditional as to acceptances unless acceptances are received for not less than that number ( rule 36.4 ) .

( 6 ) If over 49 per cent of the voting rights could be obtained , the offer document must contain specific and prominent reference to this and to the fact that if the offer succeeds the offeror will be free , subject to Rule 36.3 ( which prohibits purchases during a period of 12 months after the end of the offer period ) , to acquire further shares without incurring an obligation to make a mandatory offer ( Rule 36.6 ) .
( 6 ) if over 49 per cent of the voting rights could be [got] , the offer document must contain specific and prominent reference to this and to the fact that if the offer succeeds the offeror will be free , subject to rule 36.3 ( which prohibits purchases during a period of 12 months after the end of the offer period ) , to acquire further shares without incurring an obligation to make a mandatory offer ( rule 36.6 ) .

( 7 ) It must be a condition of any offer for voting equity share capital which could result in more than 50 per cent of the voting rights being obtained that the offer may not become unconditional as to acceptances unless the offeror has acquired or agreed to acquire more than 50 per cent ( Rule 10 ) .
( 7 ) it must be a condition of any offer for voting equity share capital which could result in more than 50 per cent of the voting rights being [got] that the offer may not become unconditional as to acceptances unless the offeror has acquired or agreed to acquire more than 50 per cent ( rule 10 ) .

Information can be obtained from a variety of sources , including the following :
information can be [got] from a variety of sources , including the following :

The information obtained will enable the offeror and its advisers to build up a public profile of the target .
the information [got] will enable the offeror and its advisers to build up a public profile of the target .

( b ) when the offeror triggers a Rule 9 obligation ( mandatory offer ) . The announcement must not be delayed while full information is obtained ; a supplementary announcement can be issued later if necessary ;
( b ) when the offeror triggers a rule 9 obligation ( mandatory offer ) . the announcement must not be delayed while full information is [got] ; a supplementary announcement can be issued later if necessary ;

( d ) details of existing shareholdings in the target which are owned or controlled by the offeror or its concert parties , or in respect of which the offeror has received irrevocable undertakings , or in respect of which the offeror or any member of its concert parties has obtained an option to purchase ;
( d ) details of existing shareholdings in the target which are owned or controlled by the offeror or its concert parties , or in respect of which the offeror has received irrevocable undertakings , or in respect of which the offeror or any member of its concert parties has [got] an option to purchase ;

In such circumstances details should be obtained as soon as possible after the announcement has been made and the Panel consulted .
in such circumstances details should be [got] as soon as possible after the announcement has been made and the panel consulted .

2.2 Subject to all Landlord 's Approvals being obtained and continuing in force the Landlord shall at [ its ] own expense immediately proceed diligently to carry out the Works :
2.2 subject to all landlord 's approvals being [got] and continuing in force the landlord shall at [ its ] own expense immediately proceed diligently to carry out the works :

2.2 Subject to all Landlord 's Approvals and all other consents being obtained ( which the Landlord shall forthwith apply for and obtain with all due expedition ) and continuing in force ( which continuation in force the Landlord shall use its best endeavours to ensure is maintained ) the Landlord shall entirely at its own expense in all respects immediately proceed diligently to carry out and complete the Works :
2.2 subject to all landlord 's approvals and all other consents being [got] ( which the landlord shall forthwith apply for and obtain with all due expedition ) and continuing in force ( which continuation in force the landlord shall use its best endeavours to ensure is maintained ) the landlord shall entirely at its own expense in all respects immediately proceed diligently to carry out and complete the works :

3.4 Immediately upon such approval being obtained the Tenant shall at its own expense apply for and use all reasonable endeavours to obtain without delay all Tenant 's Approvals The question of timing again arises and the tenant may prefer this provision to be watered down slightly as follows :
3.4 immediately upon such approval being [got] the tenant shall at its own expense apply for and use all reasonable endeavours to obtain without delay all tenant 's approvals the question of timing again arises and the tenant may prefer this provision to be watered down slightly as follows :

3.4 As soon as practicable upon such approval being obtained the Tenant shall at its own expense apply for and use all reasonable endeavours to obtain all Tenant 's Approvals
3.4 as soon as practicable upon such approval being [got] the tenant shall at its own expense apply for and use all reasonable endeavours to obtain all tenant 's approvals

3.5 With effect from the Possession Date or ( if later ) the date on which the Tenant has obtained all Tenant 's Approvals the Tenant shall have licence and authority to enter upon the Premises for the purpose of carrying out the Tenant 's Works in accordance with clause 3.7 but for no other purpose The problem is that the words " but for no other purpose " could result in a period of non-user from the date of completion of the tenant 's works and the date of the completion of the lease ( see clause 1.15.2 ) and the clause should be amended as follows :
3.5 with effect from the possession date or ( if later ) the date on which the tenant has [got] all tenant 's approvals the tenant shall have licence and authority to enter upon the premises for the purpose of carrying out the tenant 's works in accordance with clause 3.7 but for no other purpose the problem is that the words " but for no other purpose " could result in a period of non-user from the date of completion of the tenant 's works and the date of the completion of the lease ( see clause 1.15.2 ) and the clause should be amended as follows :

Wherever possible , an obligation should be obtained from the landlord to use its best endeavours to obtain all necessary permissions .
wherever possible , an obligation should be [got] from the landlord to use its best endeavours to obtain all necessary permissions .

7.6.2 Subject to the provisions of clauses 7.6.3 and 7.6.4 the Landlord shall as soon as the Permissions have been obtained or immediately where no Permissions are required apply all money received in respect of such insurance ( except sums in respect of loss of Rent ) in rebuilding or reinstating the Premises or the Retained Parts so destroyed or damaged [ making up any difference between the cost of rebuilding and reinstating and the money received out of the Landlord 's own money ] It is important to include the words in square brackets in order to ensure that the damaged or destroyed premises are reinstated .
7.6.2 subject to the provisions of clauses 7.6.3 and 7.6.4 the landlord shall as soon as the permissions have been [got] or immediately where no permissions are required apply all money received in respect of such insurance ( except sums in respect of loss of rent ) in rebuilding or reinstating the premises or the retained parts so destroyed or damaged [ making up any difference between the cost of rebuilding and reinstating and the money received out of the landlord 's own money ] it is important to include the words in square brackets in order to ensure that the damaged or destroyed premises are reinstated .

Instructions should be obtained from a person or persons with recent , practical experience of the business 's transactions , its products and customers or suppliers , and the problems it has experienced .
instructions should be [got] from a person or persons with recent , practical experience of the business 's transactions , its products and customers or suppliers , and the problems it has experienced .

To that end , a check list is essential in order to avoid any oversights and the information obtained should be recorded on a sheet or on separate sheets .
to that end , a check list is essential in order to avoid any oversights and the information [got] should be recorded on a sheet or on separate sheets .

Acting for a seller , who may be at risk of heavy damages payable to a disappointed buyer , the seller should be asked explicitly whether anyone else has an interest in the property : if so , that person 's written consent to the sale should be obtained , or he or she should join in the contract for sale to declare and relinquish his or her interest , if any .
acting for a seller , who may be at risk of heavy damages payable to a disappointed buyer , the seller should be asked explicitly whether anyone else has an interest in the property : if so , that person 's written consent to the sale should be [got] , or he or she should join in the contract for sale to declare and relinquish his or her interest , if any .

It is open to public inspection ; as described above an official certificate may be obtained by application on Form 96 to confirm the land you are buying is not already registered ; and to confirm there 's no caution or priority notice against first registration registered against it .
it is open to public inspection ; as described above an official certificate may be [got] by application on form 96 to confirm the land you are buying is not already registered ; and to confirm there 's no caution or priority notice against first registration registered against it .

Absolute exemption from restriction or regulation is never obtained : circumstances , social or economic , may have altered , since they obtained acceptance , in such a way as to call for a fresh examination ; there may be some exorbitance or special feature in the individual contract which takes it out of the accepted category : but the court however must be persuaded of this before it calls upon the relevant party to justify a contract of this kind .
absolute exemption from restriction or regulation is never [got] : circumstances , social or economic , may have altered , since they [got] acceptance , in such a way as to call for a fresh examination ; there may be some exorbitance or special feature in the individual contract which takes it out of the accepted category : but the court however must be persuaded of this before it calls upon the relevant party to justify a contract of this kind .

( b ) The clause should be construed with reference to the object sought to be obtained .
( b ) the clause should be construed with reference to the object sought to be [got] .

This paragraph seems to indicate that it may be possible for a person who has received information in confidence which he could have obtained through other sources to relieve himself of the 'special disability `` under which he is otherwise placed by going to those sources .
this paragraph seems to indicate that it may be possible for a person who has received information in confidence which he could have [got] through other sources to relieve himself of the 'special disability `` under which he is otherwise placed by going to those sources .

It therefore seems clear that in order to found an action for breach of confidence the defendant must have obtained the information as a result of a disclosure by the plaintiff in circumstances of confidence .
it therefore seems clear that in order to found an action for breach of confidence the defendant must have [got] the information as a result of a disclosure by the plaintiff in circumstances of confidence .

The right of the transferee to sue , in his own name , persons who used information obtained from the transferor in breach of confidence before the date of the transfer is not clearly established .
the right of the transferee to sue , in his own name , persons who used information [got] from the transferor in breach of confidence before the date of the transfer is not clearly established .

The customer 's prior written consent must also be obtained in the following circumstances : ( 1 ) Before the firm deposits collateral with , pledges , charges or grants of security arrangement over the collateral to a third party ; ( 2 ) If the firm reserves the right to return collateral other than the original collateral or original type of collateral .
the customer 's prior written consent must also be [got] in the following circumstances : ( 1 ) before the firm deposits collateral with , pledges , charges or grants of security arrangement over the collateral to a third party ; ( 2 ) if the firm reserves the right to return collateral other than the original collateral or original type of collateral .

Additionally , Rule 5 — 30 ( 2 ) requires that in respect of a warrant or derivative , before a firm : ( a ) recommends a transaction ; ( b ) arranges or executes a transaction ( even if it has not recommended it ) ; or ( c ) acts as a discretionary manager ; it must have sent the private customer a Warrants or Derivatives Risk Warning Notice and obtained a copy signed by the customer so that the firm is satisfied that the customer has had a proper opportunity to consider its terms .
additionally , rule 5 — 30 ( 2 ) requires that in respect of a warrant or derivative , before a firm : ( a ) recommends a transaction ; ( b ) arranges or executes a transaction ( even if it has not recommended it ) ; or ( c ) acts as a discretionary manager ; it must have sent the private customer a warrants or derivatives risk warning notice and [got] a copy signed by the customer so that the firm is satisfied that the customer has had a proper opportunity to consider its terms .

There is no guidance as to the meaning of suitability or what level of information should have been obtained from the investor .
there is no guidance as to the meaning of suitability or what level of information should have been [got] from the investor .

This question only arises where there is a pre-existing fiduciary relationship between the firm and the customer and the customer 's informed consent to the inclusion of the clause is not obtained .
this question only arises where there is a pre-existing fiduciary relationship between the firm and the customer and the customer 's informed consent to the inclusion of the clause is not [got] .

As a general rule , fiduciary duties may be modified or displaced if the customer 's informed consent is obtained after making full disclosure of all material facts .
as a general rule , fiduciary duties may be modified or displaced if the customer 's informed consent is [got] after making full disclosure of all material facts .

It may also comprehend information obtained in a different capacity prior to the commencement of the relationship .
it may also comprehend information [got] in a different capacity prior to the commencement of the relationship .

In conclusion , while it is possible to modify or displace the firm 's fiduciary duties if the customer 's informed consent is obtained , the uncertainty surrounding what must be disclosed to obtain sufficiently informed consent , and the practical problems encountered in making adequate disclosure , for example in predicting in advance all possible conflicts , means that disclosure and consent is not a completely reliable mens of varying fiduciary duties .
in conclusion , while it is possible to modify or displace the firm 's fiduciary duties if the customer 's informed consent is [got] , the uncertainty surrounding what must be disclosed to obtain sufficiently informed consent , and the practical problems encountered in making adequate disclosure , for example in predicting in advance all possible conflicts , means that disclosure and consent is not a completely reliable mens of varying fiduciary duties .

( As discussed above , if consent can be obtained this will modify the duty of undivided loyalty and avoid the problem . )
( as discussed above , if consent can be [got] this will modify the duty of undivided loyalty and avoid the problem . )

In the family proceedings court leave must first be obtained from the justices ' clerk .
in the family proceedings court leave must first be [got] from the justices ' clerk .

Reliefs and deductions can be obtained by the taxpayer in the same way as if he had actually received the income ( s743(2) ) .
reliefs and deductions can be [got] by the taxpayer in the same way as if he had actually received the income ( s743(2) ) .

Certain value added tax cases would tend to indicate that the amount of benefit obtained by a taxpayer if the trustees allow him the use of a Ming Vase would equate to the sort of rent which they could have received if they had let the vase with appropriate adjustments being made for insurance , agreeing to house the vase , etc .
certain value added tax cases would tend to indicate that the amount of benefit [got] by a taxpayer if the trustees allow him the use of a ming vase would equate to the sort of rent which they could have received if they had let the vase with appropriate adjustments being made for insurance , agreeing to house the vase , etc .

Some guidance may therefore be obtained from the cases .
some guidance may therefore be [got] from the cases .

In extreme cases this may involve a deliberate distortion of the exchange price , or a means to profit at the expense of customers , typically where the broker fills the customer 's trade at a price that is worse than he could have obtained by competitive trading , in order to benefit another trader .
in extreme cases this may involve a deliberate distortion of the exchange price , or a means to profit at the expense of customers , typically where the broker fills the customer 's trade at a price that is worse than he could have [got] by competitive trading , in order to benefit another trader .

With information obtained from the external and internal assessments , you are now able to identify the strategic issues that require debate among partners .
with information [got] from the external and internal assessments , you are now able to identify the strategic issues that require debate among partners .

It is widely listened to and remarkably cheap , with an impact that is greater than can often be obtained in newspapers .
it is widely listened to and remarkably cheap , with an impact that is greater than can often be [got] in newspapers .

Admission is obtained by written application , proving that you fulfil the set criteria .
admission is [got] by written application , proving that you fulfil the set criteria .

Personal injury practitioners can only make any sort of profit at all if they achieve a realistic cash flow and this can only be obtained by ensuring that payment is made as soon as the case is settled .
personal injury practitioners can only make any sort of profit at all if they achieve a realistic cash flow and this can only be [got] by ensuring that payment is made as soon as the case is settled .

As an additional safeguard , you may refer your concerns to the Solicitors ' Complaints Bureau , whose details can be obtained from us .
as an additional safeguard , you may refer your concerns to the solicitors ' complaints bureau , whose details can be [got] from us .

The client must be made aware that you will not necessarily recover the full amount of your expert 's fees on taxation and the authority should be obtained on this basis .
the client must be made aware that you will not necessarily recover the full amount of your expert 's fees on taxation and the authority should be [got] on this basis .

In addition to all previous expert reports obtained or received , non-medical experts should see all the background information that you have collated including plaintiff and witness evidence , party and party correspondence where relevant , previous reports etc .
in addition to all previous expert reports [got] or received , non-medical experts should see all the background information that you have collated including plaintiff and witness evidence , party and party correspondence where relevant , previous reports etc .

In very serious cases , where it is highly likely that a series of medical reports will be necessary , the first report can be obtained from the treating surgeon .
in very serious cases , where it is highly likely that a series of medical reports will be necessary , the first report can be [got] from the treating surgeon .

Most applications for injunctions are based on a complaint that the information about to be revealed has been obtained in breach of confidence .
most applications for injunctions are based on a complaint that the information about to be revealed has been [got] in breach of confidence .

The Government sued for breach of confidence , and obtained an `` interim injunction `` against it repeating the story prior to the trial .
the government sued for breach of confidence , and [got] an `` interim injunction `` against it repeating the story prior to the trial .

In 1987 damages of £450,000 were obtained against a Greek newspaper because 50 copies were circulated in Britain , and it came as no surprise that when `` Time `` magazine in 1989 accused the Greek Prime Minister of corruption he issued his writ in London rather than Athens , where the real damage to his reputation had been done .
in 1987 damages of £450,000 were [got] against a greek newspaper because 50 copies were circulated in britain , and it came as no surprise that when `` time `` magazine in 1989 accused the greek prime minister of corruption he issued his writ in london rather than athens , where the real damage to his reputation had been done .

The difficulty encountered by plaintiffs in obtaining injunctions to stop libels has led to a growth in applications for injunctions on the grounds of breach of confidence , ie that the information has been obtained from someone who is under a duty not to reveal it .
the difficulty encountered by plaintiffs in obtaining injunctions to stop libels has led to a growth in applications for injunctions on the grounds of breach of confidence , ie that the information has been [got] from someone who is under a duty not to reveal it .

On the other hand , the jury can be asked to take the plaintiff 's own conduct into account in reducing damages — if he has taken steps to refute the allegations publicly , or has been cleared of them after a publicised enquiry , or has obtained retractions and damages from other publications , his wounds may be considered to have partially healed .
on the other hand , the jury can be asked to take the plaintiff 's own conduct into account in reducing damages — if he has taken steps to refute the allegations publicly , or has been cleared of them after a publicised enquiry , or has [got] retractions and damages from other publications , his wounds may be considered to have partially healed .

Leave must be obtained from a High Court judge before any prosecution can be brought in relation to an article in a newspaper or periodical .
leave must be [got] from a high court judge before any prosecution can be brought in relation to an article in a newspaper or periodical .

Conclusive evidence for the occurrence of arrested larval development can only be obtained by examination of the worm population in the host .
conclusive evidence for the occurrence of arrested larval development can only be [got] by examination of the worm population in the host .

In some European countries such as the Netherlands , the same effect has been obtained by delaying the turn-out of calves until mid-summer .
in some european countries such as the netherlands , the same effect has been [got] by delaying the turn-out of calves until mid-summer .

On such farms control may be obtained either by anthelmintic prophylaxis or by alternate grazing on an annual basis with cattle and sheep .
on such farms control may be [got] either by anthelmintic prophylaxis or by alternate grazing on an annual basis with cattle and sheep .

The results obtained with the latter system appear to be best when the ewes are contained in small paddocks or fields as the uptake of drug is less consistent under extensive grazing systems .
the results [got] with the latter system appear to be best when the ewes are contained in small paddocks or fields as the uptake of drug is less consistent under extensive grazing systems .

Larvae are found ( 50-1,000/g ) only in the faeces of patent cases so that faecal samples should be obtained from a umber of affected individuals .
larvae are found ( 50-1,000/g ) only in the faeces of patent cases so that faecal samples should be [got] from a umber of affected individuals .

To avoid contamination with soil nematodes , samples should be obtained from the rectum .
to avoid contamination with soil nematodes , samples should be [got] from the rectum .

The results obtained by running the following example program show the effect of changing the zone width .
the results [got] by running the following example program show the effect of changing the zone width .

The student once having obtained these skills would then be encouraged to extrapolate these in the wider area of general study .
the student once having [got] these skills would then be encouraged to extrapolate these in the wider area of general study .

The class were able to use a new information source ; to locate and extract information from that source ; use Mailbox to send for further information ; see tangible results from their Mailbox request ; and obtained up-to-date and vivid information which would have been hard to get from another source .
the class were able to use a new information source ; to locate and extract information from that source ; use mailbox to send for further information ; see tangible results from their mailbox request ; and [got] up-to-date and vivid information which would have been hard to get from another source .

If the property is subject to mortgage and the mortgagee concerned has effected cover , confirmation that the name of the insured has been changed to that of the wife should be obtained from the mortgagee. ( g ) Leasehold The requirements of the lease as to registration of any assignment with the lessor should be observed .
if the property is subject to mortgage and the mortgagee concerned has effected cover , confirmation that the name of the insured has been changed to that of the wife should be [got] from the mortgagee. ( g ) leasehold the requirements of the lease as to registration of any assignment with the lessor should be observed .

Further , a sale of the house in such circumstances can not be arranged until a grant of representation to the husband 's estate is obtained .
further , a sale of the house in such circumstances can not be arranged until a grant of representation to the husband 's estate is [got] .

Laura had learned that the newly married couple would be living in America , where Owen had obtained a position at Colombia University in New York .
laura had learned that the newly married couple would be living in america , where owen had [got] a position at colombia university in new york .

The detailed data for our study have been obtained from the nine largest Scotch Whisky companies , namely
the detailed data for our study have been [got] from the nine largest scotch whisky companies , namely

Because of the good quality of data supplied and the high coverage obtained , we are satisfied that the resultant estimates of the employment generated by the industry provide a very accurate and detailed analysis of the economic significance of the Scotch Whisky industry .
because of the good quality of data supplied and the high coverage [got] , we are satisfied that the resultant estimates of the employment generated by the industry provide a very accurate and detailed analysis of the economic significance of the scotch whisky industry .

All company data obtained were screened to make sure they were Scotch Whisky specific , and did not relate to other spirits related sales and production costs .
all company data [got] were screened to make sure they were scotch whisky specific , and did not relate to other spirits related sales and production costs .

Scotland Today has obtained a confidential report that warns councillors they could be sued for damages .
scotland today has [got] a confidential report that warns councillors they could be sued for damages .

These controls over caravan sites operate in addition to the normal planning system ; thus both planning permission and a licence have to be obtained .
these controls over caravan sites operate in addition to the normal planning system ; thus both planning permission and a licence have to be [got] .

An owner now obtained ( in theory at least ) the same price for his land irrespective of whether he sold it to a private individual or to a public authority .
an owner now [got] ( in theory at least ) the same price for his land irrespective of whether he sold it to a private individual or to a public authority .

Secondly , though the net price obtained by the owner of land should have been the same irrespective of whether the body to whom he sold it was private or public , some owners might have been unwilling to sell to the commission .
secondly , though the net price [got] by the owner of land should have been the same irrespective of whether the body to whom he sold it was private or public , some owners might have been unwilling to sell to the commission .

If , however , the land were sold ( at existing use value plus a ‘ hope ’ value that planning permission might be obtained ) at £1,000 , while the full development value was £3,500 , the levy would be paid by both seller and purchaser : £200 by the former and £1,000 by the latter .
if , however , the land were sold ( at existing use value plus a ‘ hope ’ value that planning permission might be [got] ) at £1,000 , while the full development value was £3,500 , the levy would be paid by both seller and purchaser : £200 by the former and £1,000 by the latter .

It is an offence to demolish or to alter a listed building unless listed building consent has been obtained .
it is an offence to demolish or to alter a listed building unless listed building consent has been [got] .

Conclusions about coping responses which have a protective effect against a wide range of events are more easily obtained when the events are likely to be associated with acute anxiety and fear rather than depression ( e.g .
conclusions about coping responses which have a protective effect against a wide range of events are more easily [got] when the events are likely to be associated with acute anxiety and fear rather than depression ( e.g .

The relationship of information so obtained to processes in naturally occurring transition is sometimes debated .
the relationship of information so [got] to processes in naturally occurring transition is sometimes debated .

Fuller information than is given by about the fluctuations at a single point can be obtained by measurements of , etc .
fuller information than is given by about the fluctuations at a single point can be [got] by measurements of , etc .

Further understanding of the interaction between the mean flow and the fluctuations is obtained from the equation for the kinetic energy of the turbulence .
further understanding of the interaction between the mean flow and the fluctuations is [got] from the equation for the kinetic energy of the turbulence .

An approximation to such a motion can be obtained behind a grid , such as the one shown in Fig .
an approximation to such a motion can be [got] behind a grid , such as the one shown in fig .

An important equation in the theory of homogeneous isotropic turbulence is obtained by considering the Fourier transform of the double velocity correlation . We omit the derivation and quote the result :
an important equation in the theory of homogeneous isotropic turbulence is [got] by considering the fourier transform of the double velocity correlation . we omit the derivation and quote the result :

Figure 20.4 shows a spectrum obtained in an oceanographic channel flow , produced by tides , with a Reynolds number of 4 × 107 ; the axes are logarithmic and the line has a slope of -5/3 .
figure 20.4 shows a spectrum [got] in an oceanographic channel flow , produced by tides , with a reynolds number of 4 × 107 ; the axes are logarithmic and the line has a slope of -5/3 .

These results have been obtained more simply than the corresponding results for laminar flow .
these results have been [got] more simply than the corresponding results for laminar flow .

These photographs were obtained by illuminating a very thin layer of a smoke-filled boundary layer .
these photographs were [got] by illuminating a very thin layer of a smoke-filled boundary layer .

This picture was obtained by having the fluid illuminated along only one line and moving the camera so that the image of this line moved across the film .
this picture was [got] by having the fluid illuminated along only one line and moving the camera so that the image of this line moved across the film .

If one were to make the linear approximation of , none of the effects under consideration would be obtained .
if one were to make the linear approximation of , none of the effects under consideration would be [got] .

For example , silicone oils are widely used in convection experiments : they can be obtained with different viscosities , but otherwise similar properties , which provides a convenient method of varying the Prandtl number ; and the viscosity varies with temperature much less than for many fluids .
for example , silicone oils are widely used in convection experiments : they can be [got] with different viscosities , but otherwise similar properties , which provides a convenient method of varying the prandtl number ; and the viscosity varies with temperature much less than for many fluids .

The development of methods for the automatic scanning of flow photographs enables far more information to be obtained and is likely to become increasingly important .
the development of methods for the automatic scanning of flow photographs enables far more information to be [got] and is likely to become increasingly important .

Nevertheless very good results can be obtained with smoke , as is illustrated by Figs .
nevertheless very good results can be [got] with smoke , as is illustrated by figs .

Figures 16.2 and 22.12 were obtained in this way .
figures 16.2 and 22.12 were [got] in this way .

Fondant is also available ready-made in many specialist stores and can be obtained by mail-order .
fondant is also available ready-made in many specialist stores and can be [got] by mail-order .

For colouring large areas or items of icing or marzipan , however , it is still better to shade the icing first so that a more even tone is obtained — painting over a large area in a single colour can be patchy and uneven .
for colouring large areas or items of icing or marzipan , however , it is still better to shade the icing first so that a more even tone is [got] — painting over a large area in a single colour can be patchy and uneven .

The special cake shapes used to form the helter-skelter are obtained by part-filling pudding basins with raw cake mixture , resulting in shallow domed cakes .
the special cake shapes used to form the helter-skelter are [got] by part-filling pudding basins with raw cake mixture , resulting in shallow domed cakes .

Using mean seed weight , which increases with time , as a parameter , it was found that the dry site would take about 150 years to revert to the conditions obtaining in the original forest , whereas in the wet forest , the figure of 1000 years was obtained once again .
using mean seed weight , which increases with time , as a parameter , it was found that the dry site would take about 150 years to revert to the conditions obtaining in the original forest , whereas in the wet forest , the figure of 1000 years was [got] once again .

Jack filled him in on the scanty information they had already obtained .
jack filled him in on the scanty information they had already [got] .

‘ Information to be contained in personal data shall be obtained , and personal data shall be processed , fairly and lawfully ’
‘ information to be contained in personal data shall be [got] , and personal data shall be processed , fairly and lawfully ’

It would be a breach of the first principle if the data subject , or data provider , were deceived or misled about the purpose for which the data were obtained , held , used or disclosed .
it would be a breach of the first principle if the data subject , or data provider , were deceived or misled about the purpose for which the data were [got] , held , used or disclosed .

If information has been obtained from a third party it has to be recorded as such , as well as any challenge to the accuracy of the information by the data subject to which it refers .
if information has been [got] from a third party it has to be recorded as such , as well as any challenge to the accuracy of the information by the data subject to which it refers .

Clerks obtained their know-how by an apprenticeship system in which school-leavers learned on the job , beginning with low-level tasks and graduating to more complex ones .
clerks [got] their know-how by an apprenticeship system in which school-leavers learned on the job , beginning with low-level tasks and graduating to more complex ones .

This information can be obtained for areas as small as an Enumeration District ( a few hundred people ) .
this information can be [got] for areas as small as an enumeration district ( a few hundred people ) .

If , by virtue of the above , proceedings may be commenced in either court , the choice of court will be influenced by the following considerations : ( 1 ) where the case is eventually to be tried , ie whether in the High Court or in the county court — separate rules for each , set out below , apply ; ( 2 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to grant the relief being sought ( see Chapter 2 ) ; ( 3 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to enforce the judgment to be obtained ( see Chapter 2 ) ; and ( 4 ) the risk of being struck out or penalised in disallowance of costs if proceedings which are clearly suitable for one court are brought instead in the other ( see below ) .
if , by virtue of the above , proceedings may be commenced in either court , the choice of court will be influenced by the following considerations : ( 1 ) where the case is eventually to be tried , ie whether in the high court or in the county court — separate rules for each , set out below , apply ; ( 2 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to grant the relief being sought ( see chapter 2 ) ; ( 3 ) whether the county court has jurisdiction to enforce the judgment to be [got] ( see chapter 2 ) ; and ( 4 ) the risk of being struck out or penalised in disallowance of costs if proceedings which are clearly suitable for one court are brought instead in the other ( see below ) .

If a judgment has been obtained without the appointment of a guardian ad litem ( save where an order has been made under Ord 10 , r 8(1) see above ) the judgment may be set aside by the court under Ord 37 , r 5 .
if a judgment has been [got] without the appointment of a guardian ad litem ( save where an order has been made under ord 10 , r 8(1) see above ) the judgment may be set aside by the court under ord 37 , r 5 .

Early appointments may usually be obtained , as a matter of practice , for such applications .
early appointments may usually be [got] , as a matter of practice , for such applications .

The extent to which liability can be established can be explained , each party putting his version before the court referring to any police report if a road acccident , together with counsel 's opinion on liability if such has been obtained .
the extent to which liability can be established can be explained , each party putting his version before the court referring to any police report if a road acccident , together with counsel 's opinion on liability if such has been [got] .

Judgment against him can not be obtained by default ( Ord 12 , r 2 ) ; but , if he does not appear at the hearing of the action he is deemed to admit the notice and is bound by any judgment , even if by consent ( Ord 12 , r 3 ( 3 ) ) .
judgment against him can not be [got] by default ( ord 12 , r 2 ) ; but , if he does not appear at the hearing of the action he is deemed to admit the notice and is bound by any judgment , even if by consent ( ord 12 , r 3 ( 3 ) ) .

Where a party desires without having first obtained an order to use an affidavit at the hearing , he may not less than 14 days before the hearing give notice accompanied by a copy of the affidavit to the party against whom it is to be used .
where a party desires without having first [got] an order to use an affidavit at the hearing , he may not less than 14 days before the hearing give notice accompanied by a copy of the affidavit to the party against whom it is to be used .

If an order of these types does not fulfil these requirements , a supplementary order should be obtained fixing the time , and until this is done the order can not be enforced .
if an order of these types does not fulfil these requirements , a supplementary order should be [got] fixing the time , and until this is done the order can not be enforced .

The profession has not to date , unlike the world of venture capital , perceived any practical advantages to be obtained from their use .
the profession has not to date , unlike the world of venture capital , perceived any practical advantages to be [got] from their use .

Recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the Insolvency Act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the Council in the event that it is subsequently discovered that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .
recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the insolvency act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the council in the event that it is subsequently discovered that it was [got] as a result of any error or fraud .

There are two provisos as follows : ( 1 ) execution will not issue against either property or persons without leave of the court where the proceedings have been brought against the firm by one of its members or by another firm having partners in common with the firm against which or against the partners of which execution is sought ; ( 2 ) execution will not issue against a partner if he is out of the jurisdiction at the date when the proceedings were commenced unless he has acknowledged service or was duly served within the jurisdiction as a partner or outside the jurisdiction after leave had been obtained to so serve him .
there are two provisos as follows : ( 1 ) execution will not issue against either property or persons without leave of the court where the proceedings have been brought against the firm by one of its members or by another firm having partners in common with the firm against which or against the partners of which execution is sought ; ( 2 ) execution will not issue against a partner if he is out of the jurisdiction at the date when the proceedings were commenced unless he has acknowledged service or was duly served within the jurisdiction as a partner or outside the jurisdiction after leave had been [got] to so serve him .

An order for the attachment of the debts of a firm may be obtained notwithstanding that one or more of its members is outside the jurisdiction .
an order for the attachment of the debts of a firm may be [got] notwithstanding that one or more of its members is outside the jurisdiction .

Many of the more intractable problems involved with merger of solicitors ' firms will be within the province of the accountancy profession : and the best advice as to how to reconcile the apparently irreconcilable will be obtained not through the pages of any book but from a fellow professional who has actually and successfully observed the process at first hand .
many of the more intractable problems involved with merger of solicitors ' firms will be within the province of the accountancy profession : and the best advice as to how to reconcile the apparently irreconcilable will be [got] not through the pages of any book but from a fellow professional who has actually and successfully observed the process at first hand .

It may be that in those circumstances an injunction could be obtained against him effectively to prevent his giving his authority to advertising activities in the name of the firm which would be prohibited if done in his own name .
it may be that in those circumstances an injunction could be [got] against him effectively to prevent his giving his authority to advertising activities in the name of the firm which would be prohibited if done in his own name .

Thus an expert 's decision obtained after the limitation period will not be enforceable by court action : see Chapter 12 .
thus an expert 's decision [got] after the limitation period will not be enforceable by court action : see chapter 12 .

Where the decision has been obtained by fraud the limitation period may be extended by s32 of the Limitation Act 1980 .
where the decision has been [got] by fraud the limitation period may be extended by s32 of the limitation act 1980 .

Sanitary facilities may be included in a demise where the building is amply provided with them or where the position of the lavatories and washrooms is such that access can not be directly obtained from the common parts .
sanitary facilities may be included in a demise where the building is amply provided with them or where the position of the lavatories and washrooms is such that access can not be directly [got] from the common parts .

The plaintiff 's remuneration may have been based partly or even wholly on commission on orders obtained , or in the case of more senior employees upon the turnover of the business or some part of the business .
the plaintiff 's remuneration may have been based partly or even wholly on commission on orders [got] , or in the case of more senior employees upon the turnover of the business or some part of the business .

If the transaction goes ahead in contravention of s320 , or if shareholder approval is not obtained within a reasonable time afterwards , the company may rescind the contract and recover any assets transferred under it .
if the transaction goes ahead in contravention of s320 , or if shareholder approval is not [got] within a reasonable time afterwards , the company may rescind the contract and recover any assets transferred under it .

In view of the substantial amount of time and effort involved in a buy-out , it is essential that , wherever possible , the commitment of the vendor is obtained as soon as possible .
in view of the substantial amount of time and effort involved in a buy-out , it is essential that , wherever possible , the commitment of the vendor is [got] as soon as possible .

As well as resisting the imposition of warranties according to the thoroughness of the investigation , the vendor will also seek to make a series of general disclosures against any warranties obtained .
as well as resisting the imposition of warranties according to the thoroughness of the investigation , the vendor will also seek to make a series of general disclosures against any warranties [got] .

As a result , it is often the case that a certificate of title , drafted by Newco 's solicitors , is obtained from the vendor 's solicitors .
as a result , it is often the case that a certificate of title , drafted by newco 's solicitors , is [got] from the vendor 's solicitors .

Where the property is leasehold the purchaser may also require confirmation that the landlord 's title is satisfactory ; that appropriate consents for assignments have been obtained ; that there are no material breaches of covenant or restrictions in the lease ; and that the lease does not contain any unusual or objectionable covenant .
where the property is leasehold the purchaser may also require confirmation that the landlord 's title is satisfactory ; that appropriate consents for assignments have been [got] ; that there are no material breaches of covenant or restrictions in the lease ; and that the lease does not contain any unusual or objectionable covenant .

The way in which tax relief is obtained for interest paid by Newco on its borrowings can best be described by way of illustration .
the way in which tax relief is [got] for interest paid by newco on its borrowings can best be described by way of illustration .

The warranties that are obtained from the vendors are much less wide ranging than is the case in an `` arms'-length `` transaction .
the warranties that are [got] from the vendors are much less wide ranging than is the case in an `` arms'-length `` transaction .

It is normal practice , subject to negotiation , for contracts to be executed on the basis that completion will only take place once the relevant consents have been obtained or approvals given .
it is normal practice , subject to negotiation , for contracts to be executed on the basis that completion will only take place once the relevant consents have been [got] or approvals given .

The articles are on public record and the purchaser runs the risk of a disgruntled shareholder seeking to have the sale set aside if its consent was not obtained .
the articles are on public record and the purchaser runs the risk of a disgruntled shareholder seeking to have the sale set aside if its consent was not [got] .

Generally , there will be a requirement that the landlord 's consent is obtained before the lease can be assigned .
generally , there will be a requirement that the landlord 's consent is [got] before the lease can be assigned .

In addition to , the purchaser will normally base the price on the assignment or novation of all contracts and provide that the price reduces on an agreed formula if any consents are not obtained within a specified period .
in addition to , the purchaser will normally base the price on the assignment or novation of all contracts and provide that the price reduces on an agreed formula if any consents are not [got] within a specified period .

If the bill became law , manufacturers using chemicals obtained from local species would have to pay a royalty to the state .
if the bill became law , manufacturers using chemicals [got] from local species would have to pay a royalty to the state .

Green parties in Belgium have obtained government promises to introduce environmental taxes in return for their support for measures to introduce a new federal constitution .
green parties in belgium have [got] government promises to introduce environmental taxes in return for their support for measures to introduce a new federal constitution .

The reintroduction of red kites into Scotland has been boosted by the release of 20 more birds obtained from southern Sweden .
the reintroduction of red kites into scotland has been boosted by the release of 20 more birds [got] from southern sweden .

Highly radioactive used fuel rods from German research reactors may be sent to the Dounreay nuclear plant , in northern Scotland , for storage , according to a secret German government report obtained by anti-nuclear groups .
highly radioactive used fuel rods from german research reactors may be sent to the dounreay nuclear plant , in northern scotland , for storage , according to a secret german government report [got] by anti-nuclear groups .

An unpublished report for the German government obtained by Greenpeace show that levels of heavy metals are rising in the central North Sea area , including the Dogger Bank , a major fishing ground .
an unpublished report for the german government [got] by greenpeace show that levels of heavy metals are rising in the central north sea area , including the dogger bank , a major fishing ground .

Several other independent groups have sought and obtained compensation payments , but this was the largest so far .
several other independent groups have sought and [got] compensation payments , but this was the largest so far .

Other proposals under consideration include revoking permission for peat extraction ( often operated under old `` interim development orders `` obtained before the current system of planning permission came into effect ) , and imposing a carbon tax on peat production ( reflecting the fact that undeveloped peat bogs act as a carbon sink ) .
other proposals under consideration include revoking permission for peat extraction ( often operated under old `` interim development orders `` [got] before the current system of planning permission came into effect ) , and imposing a carbon tax on peat production ( reflecting the fact that undeveloped peat bogs act as a carbon sink ) .

If the votes of working men were to be obtained , the parties had to offer them something .
if the votes of working men were to be [got] , the parties had to offer them something .

The results obtained from this workshop activity are summarised in Table 1 .
the results [got] from this workshop activity are summarised in table 1 .

Unfortunately , given the set of results obtained , genuine abstraction of this sort is difficult : some preferences are evenly distributed over a number of columns while other columns yield no statistically significant set of preferences .
unfortunately , given the set of results [got] , genuine abstraction of this sort is difficult : some preferences are evenly distributed over a number of columns while other columns yield no statistically significant set of preferences .

Projects in Dublin were referred to which obtained funds from Europe .
projects in dublin were referred to which [got] funds from europe .

There is a programme of Special Events and Temporary Exhibitions throughout the year . Further information on these events can be obtained from the Marketing Department
there is a programme of special events and temporary exhibitions throughout the year . further information on these events can be [got] from the marketing department

Not to mention the ice cream and snacks obtained from one of the many kiosks situated along the promenade .
not to mention the ice cream and snacks [got] from one of the many kiosks situated along the promenade .

It is `` through faith and patience `` that the Bible 's promises are to be obtained .
it is `` through faith and patience `` that the bible 's promises are to be [got] .

Plato obtained from Egyptian priests what now turns out to be a detailed account of the Minoan civilization and its sudden end .
plato [got] from egyptian priests what now turns out to be a detailed account of the minoan civilization and its sudden end .

As for Mrs Dunstaple , she was so distraught that she no longer knew what she was doing and had been taken away , given a composing draught surreptitiously obtained from Dr McNab , and put to bed on her shelf in the pantry .
as for mrs dunstaple , she was so distraught that she no longer knew what she was doing and had been taken away , given a composing draught surreptitiously [got] from dr mcnab , and put to bed on her shelf in the pantry .

To the north they had obtained the county of Maine only to lose it to William the Conqueror , Duke of Normandy .
to the north they had [got] the county of maine only to lose it to william the conqueror , duke of normandy .

But there were many who were jealous of the new town 's phenomenal rise and who looked upon it as a sink of iniquity where the nouveaux riches wallowed in the luxury obtained from trade .
but there were many who were jealous of the new town 's phenomenal rise and who looked upon it as a sink of iniquity where the nouveaux riches wallowed in the luxury [got] from trade .

Similar results were obtained by Trabasso et al .
similar results were [got] by trabasso et al .

It has also been shown that more sensitive judgements can be obtained from children when the power figure — so often represented by the adult — is removed ( Lloyd and Donaldson , 1976 ) .
it has also been shown that more sensitive judgements can be [got] from children when the power figure — so often represented by the adult — is removed ( lloyd and donaldson , 1976 ) .

Your ticket to a great night out can be obtained from the Birmingham Convention and Visitor Bureau Ticket Shop and Tourist Information Centre located in City Arcade in the centre of Birmingham , or from our new Ticket Shop in Birmingham 's Central Library in Chamberlain Square .
your ticket to a great night out can be [got] from the birmingham convention and visitor bureau ticket shop and tourist information centre located in city arcade in the centre of birmingham , or from our new ticket shop in birmingham 's central library in chamberlain square .

But there was also a sense in which he despised fame even as he obtained it , and when in this year he described Mark Twain as a man who wanted success or reputation and yet at the same time `` resented their violation of his integrity `` , there can be little doubt that once again he was expressing his own feelings through the agency of another 's .
but there was also a sense in which he despised fame even as he [got] it , and when in this year he described mark twain as a man who wanted success or reputation and yet at the same time `` resented their violation of his integrity `` , there can be little doubt that once again he was expressing his own feelings through the agency of another 's .

But this was not enough to secure a break , particularly as an armistice with Turkey was fairly quickly obtained .
but this was not enough to secure a break , particularly as an armistice with turkey was fairly quickly [got] .

He disclosed the terms of the American offer , he left no doubt that they were in his opinion the best that could be obtained and should be accepted , and he rounded things off with what were interpreted as some highly uncomplimentary remarks about the quality of the Congressional opinion which had to be accommodated .
he disclosed the terms of the american offer , he left no doubt that they were in his opinion the best that could be [got] and should be accepted , and he rounded things off with what were interpreted as some highly uncomplimentary remarks about the quality of the congressional opinion which had to be accommodated .

There was concern about consent being obtained through coercion , and the effectiveness of such consent .
there was concern about consent being [got] through coercion , and the effectiveness of such consent .

However , a smooth curve can be obtained if the two arcs have a common tangent , which means that their centres must both lie on one of the axes of the figure .
however , a smooth curve can be [got] if the two arcs have a common tangent , which means that their centres must both lie on one of the axes of the figure .

Once the correct setting is obtained , a file mark or paint slash on the control wheel , with a corresponding mark opposite on the saw frame , will permit a return to this setting quickly with a minimum of wasted time .
once the correct setting is [got] , a file mark or paint slash on the control wheel , with a corresponding mark opposite on the saw frame , will permit a return to this setting quickly with a minimum of wasted time .

Convincing indications have been obtained both by human observation and animal experiments that emotional stress during pregnancy in the maternal subjects was associated with disorder ranging from emotional instability and slower reaction times to Mongolism and schizophrenia in their offspring .
convincing indications have been [got] both by human observation and animal experiments that emotional stress during pregnancy in the maternal subjects was associated with disorder ranging from emotional instability and slower reaction times to mongolism and schizophrenia in their offspring .

Since the satisfactions of the voyeur are fairly easily obtained and difficult to detect , motivation towards cure may be low .
since the satisfactions of the voyeur are fairly easily [got] and difficult to detect , motivation towards cure may be low .

Middleton sought , and obtained , the Company 's consent to his becoming an Evening Lecturer at St. Thomas 's Church in Stockport , a Morning Lecturer at St. Michael 's Church in Manchester , and a Surrogate for Stockport and District .
middleton sought , and [got] , the company 's consent to his becoming an evening lecturer at st. thomas 's church in stockport , a morning lecturer at st. michael 's church in manchester , and a surrogate for stockport and district .

The accounts were approved and it was moved that `` a box be obtained for the Custody of the Deeds , & be lettered `` Stockport Grammar School `` `` .
the accounts were approved and it was moved that `` a box be [got] for the custody of the deeds , & be lettered `` stockport grammar school `` `` .

Another thousand pounds , if it could be obtained , would perhaps be sufficient for the building of a small Laboratory , and for the cleaning and repairs so urgently required both in the Schoolrooms and in the School house . ``
another thousand pounds , if it could be [got] , would perhaps be sufficient for the building of a small laboratory , and for the cleaning and repairs so urgently required both in the schoolrooms and in the school house . ``

In his first Annual Report seven years earlier , he had mentioned that 16 boys had gained Higher School Certificates ; this year the number was 41 ; and the following year no fewer than 18 Old Stopfordians obtained degrees at Cambridge alone .
in his first annual report seven years earlier , he had mentioned that 16 boys had gained higher school certificates ; this year the number was 41 ; and the following year no fewer than 18 old stopfordians [got] degrees at cambridge alone .

Five past pupils had this year obtained first-class Honours degrees , an achievement performed only once before , in 1950 .
five past pupils had this year [got] first-class honours degrees , an achievement performed only once before , in 1950 .

Roscarrock could ill afford it , but short of putting the child out in the street he had little alternative ; so they struck hands on it , and that evening , when the money had been paid over and a receipt obtained , Tristram returned home in the company of Jennifer Gristy to be greeted by his father 's stinging sarcasm .
roscarrock could ill afford it , but short of putting the child out in the street he had little alternative ; so they struck hands on it , and that evening , when the money had been paid over and a receipt [got] , tristram returned home in the company of jennifer gristy to be greeted by his father 's stinging sarcasm .

For Swiss , West German , Iranian , Canadian and British registered aircraft , the data was obtained from official sources .
for swiss , west german , iranian , canadian and british registered aircraft , the data was [got] from official sources .

For French , French speaking territories and Italian registration , the " date de delivrance " obtained from the International Civil Register of Aircraft , Bureau Veritas , has been used .
for french , french speaking territories and italian registration , the " date de delivrance " [got] from the international civil register of aircraft , bureau veritas , has been used .

The flight plan was recalculated using the stated cruise speed of mach.70 , the available fuel and load information and the forecast winds obtained by the crew .
the flight plan was recalculated using the stated cruise speed of mach.70 , the available fuel and load information and the forecast winds [got] by the crew .

If is a square matrix of order n , and if , in the determinant , the element has the cofactor ( that is , the value of the determinant obtained from by deleting the ith row and jth column , leaving a minor of order ( n — 1 ) which is then multiplied by , then by the rules for evaluation of determinants while since the summation in the latter result gives the value of a determinant having two equal rows .
if is a square matrix of order n , and if , in the determinant , the element has the cofactor ( that is , the value of the determinant [got] from by deleting the ith row and jth column , leaving a minor of order ( n — 1 ) which is then multiplied by , then by the rules for evaluation of determinants while since the summation in the latter result gives the value of a determinant having two equal rows .

The canonical form obtained by a similar transformation of a matrix having equal eigenvalues , when reduced to its simplest form , has the eigenvalues in the principal diagonal , with equal eigenvalues in groups ; elsewhere the matrix is null except that there may be units in the superdiagonal .
the canonical form [got] by a similar transformation of a matrix having equal eigenvalues , when reduced to its simplest form , has the eigenvalues in the principal diagonal , with equal eigenvalues in groups ; elsewhere the matrix is null except that there may be units in the superdiagonal .

The methods themselves also divide into two broad categories : ( a ) direct methods , in which the solution requires is reached in a finite , predictable number of operations ; ( b ) indirect methods , in which the solution is usually obtained by successive approximation procedures , when the number of operations is determined by the rate of convergence .
the methods themselves also divide into two broad categories : ( a ) direct methods , in which the solution requires is reached in a finite , predictable number of operations ; ( b ) indirect methods , in which the solution is usually [got] by successive approximation procedures , when the number of operations is determined by the rate of convergence .

We have now , in effect , achieved the equation This has been obtained by triangulation without row interchange .
we have now , in effect , achieved the equation this has been [got] by triangulation without row interchange .

If the last four rows of Table 1 are taken in reverse order , the required reciprocal is obtained .
if the last four rows of table 1 are taken in reverse order , the required reciprocal is [got] .

Suppose we expect the relation ( 1 ) to be and suppose further that we have the following experimental table : Then in view of ( 5 ) our equations for solutions may be written Before we proceed to the least squares solution , let us see what results would be obtained if we solved these equations three at a time , with e taken to be zero for each set of three .
suppose we expect the relation ( 1 ) to be and suppose further that we have the following experimental table : then in view of ( 5 ) our equations for solutions may be written before we proceed to the least squares solution , let us see what results would be [got] if we solved these equations three at a time , with e taken to be zero for each set of three .

When we have obtained we can perform a check , which is in any event needed when the vectors are normalised .
when we have [got] we can perform a check , which is in any event needed when the vectors are normalised .

We have seen that the power method can be used to obtain dominant eigenvalues and the associated vectors , and , by deflation , sweeng , shifting and inverse iteration , can also be used to find all non-dominant eigenvalues and their vectors ; the results are obtained seriatim .
we have seen that the power method can be used to obtain dominant eigenvalues and the associated vectors , and , by deflation , sweeng , shifting and inverse iteration , can also be used to find all non-dominant eigenvalues and their vectors ; the results are [got] seriatim .

This matrix is , in fact , obtained from our previous example by evaluating .
this matrix is , in fact , [got] from our previous example by evaluating .

Afterwards the system is in that particular eigenstate , selected from the original superposition , which corresponds to the eigenvalue actually obtained as the result of that measurement .
afterwards the system is in that particular eigenstate , selected from the original superposition , which corresponds to the eigenvalue actually [got] as the result of that measurement .

To make assurance doubly sure-and also to begin a move in the direction of greater picturability — let us now see how Schrödinger would have obtained the same result .
to make assurance doubly sure-and also to begin a move in the direction of greater picturability — let us now see how schrödinger would have [got] the same result .

Perhaps some modest help can be obtained from reconsidering how it is that practitioners of quantum mechanics actually go about their trade .
perhaps some modest help can be [got] from reconsidering how it is that practitioners of quantum mechanics actually go about their trade .

Scotland has also obtained Bernini 's design for the simple tomb slab of Cardinal Carlo da Carpi , ( £40,230 , est .
scotland has also [got] bernini 's design for the simple tomb slab of cardinal carlo da carpi , ( £40,230 , est .

British Museum , London , the consortium 's magnanimous host , has so far obtained only two drawings for its pains .
british museum , london , the consortium 's magnanimous host , has so far [got] only two drawings for its pains .

Further details may be obtained from Sport Abroad Ltd , .
further details may be [got] from sport abroad ltd , .

Administration is considerably more difficult to define briefly , but for our purposes may be taken to mean the application of general rules to particular cases by the making of some order ( for example , a demolition order ) , or some decision ( for example , that an immigrant 's entry certificate was obtained by fraud in contravention of some statutory regulation ) , or by performing some action ( for example , making a payment of social security benefit ) .
administration is considerably more difficult to define briefly , but for our purposes may be taken to mean the application of general rules to particular cases by the making of some order ( for example , a demolition order ) , or some decision ( for example , that an immigrant 's entry certificate was [got] by fraud in contravention of some statutory regulation ) , or by performing some action ( for example , making a payment of social security benefit ) .

For example , damages for breach of contract can be obtained against a government department .
for example , damages for breach of contract can be [got] against a government department .

There is another indirect way in which an award of damages might be obtained against a governmental body which would not be available against anyone else .
there is another indirect way in which an award of damages might be [got] against a governmental body which would not be available against anyone else .

The currency equivalents published in this issue of The Art Newspaper are based on the spot exchange rates obtained on 9 October 1992 .
the currency equivalents published in this issue of the art newspaper are based on the spot exchange rates [got] on 9 october 1992 .

If you do not already hold a valid passport , application forms may be obtained from the Post Office .
if you do not already hold a valid passport , application forms may be [got] from the post office .

He also obtained planning permission to build apartments above the auction rooms on Manhattans 's York Avenue ( currently postponed for obvious reasons ) .
he also [got] planning permission to build apartments above the auction rooms on manhattans 's york avenue ( currently postponed for obvious reasons ) .

Other important loans have been obtained from the Cone Collection , Baltimore ; the Art Institute , Chicago ; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art ; the Statens Museum for Kunst , Copenhagen ; and the Tate Gallery , London .
other important loans have been [got] from the cone collection , baltimore ; the art institute , chicago ; the san francisco museum of modern art ; the statens museum for kunst , copenhagen ; and the tate gallery , london .

As a result , artists have been displaced , but the signature of leading abstract painter , Gillian Ayres , available with Fischer 's withdrawal , has been obtained by Pomeroy Purdy , with whom she will show in 1993 , and Craigie Aitchison , previously with Albemarle , has joined Thomas Gibson .
as a result , artists have been displaced , but the signature of leading abstract painter , gillian ayres , available with fischer 's withdrawal , has been [got] by pomeroy purdy , with whom she will show in 1993 , and craigie aitchison , previously with albemarle , has joined thomas gibson .

These calculations of working time are taken from the accounts of daily routine obtained in the interviews .
these calculations of working time are taken from the accounts of daily routine [got] in the interviews .

The highest score on amenities and aids was obtained by Sarah Maddison , an ex-office worker married to a food technologist , and the mother of three children .
the highest score on amenities and aids was [got] by sarah maddison , an ex-office worker married to a food technologist , and the mother of three children .

Some reward may be obtained from neighbours ' or friends ' comments , and some from a comparison of one 's own work achievements with those shown in the media .
some reward may be [got] from neighbours ' or friends ' comments , and some from a comparison of one 's own work achievements with those shown in the media .

Actual statements about the self ( such as those obtained in the Ten Statements Test ) may not refer to this dimension at all , but instead relate to the psycho-linguistic question of the extent to which self and ( housewife ) role are differentiated in the self-concept .
actual statements about the self ( such as those [got] in the ten statements test ) may not refer to this dimension at all , but instead relate to the psycho-linguistic question of the extent to which self and ( housewife ) role are differentiated in the self-concept .

The briefing obtained from the producer is the best starting point , but remember that for perfectly legitimate reasons this might be changed .
the briefing [got] from the producer is the best starting point , but remember that for perfectly legitimate reasons this might be changed .

The results obtained in the surveys should allow forecasting of the usage for a works in which the processes and the type of fabric treated are known .
the results [got] in the surveys should allow forecasting of the usage for a works in which the processes and the type of fabric treated are known .

, silt in storm water ) , of which some warning was obtained , in future the change may occur without warning in mains water .
, silt in storm water ) , of which some warning was [got] , in future the change may occur without warning in mains water .

This table shows the increase in capacity obtained with greater salt consumption , and economical running generally has to be a compromise between these two factors .
this table shows the increase in capacity [got] with greater salt consumption , and economical running generally has to be a compromise between these two factors .

Costs for water obtained from local natural supplies were difficult to obtain , and few figures were available .
costs for water [got] from local natural supplies were difficult to obtain , and few figures were available .

Results — which states the experimental results obtained and provides illustrative examples .
results — which states the experimental results [got] and provides illustrative examples .

At most institutions , the preferred method of assessment combines the marks obtained by students in `` continuous assessment `` throughout the academic year with final examination results .
at most institutions , the preferred method of assessment combines the marks [got] by students in `` continuous assessment `` throughout the academic year with final examination results .

By this means , a student who suffers badly from `` exam nerves ' may benefit from having obtained good essay or project marks ; conversely , students who dislike preparing written work on their own but who respond well under the time pressure of an `` unseen `` exam may also do well .
by this means , a student who suffers badly from `` exam nerves ' may benefit from having [got] good essay or project marks ; conversely , students who dislike preparing written work on their own but who respond well under the time pressure of an `` unseen `` exam may also do well .

The phone number is in the phone book or may be obtained by dialling the operator ; or
the phone number is in the phone book or may be [got] by dialling the operator ; or

Often referred to as vegetable dyes , despite the fact that many of them are obtained from animal and mineral sources .
often referred to as vegetable dyes , despite the fact that many of them are [got] from animal and mineral sources .

Red is obtained from the roots of the madder plant ( rubia tinctorum ) and also from the crushed bodies of female insects of the coccus cacti genus , which produce a colour usually referred to as cochineal or carmine red .
red is [got] from the roots of the madder plant ( rubia tinctorum ) and also from the crushed bodies of female insects of the coccus cacti genus , which produce a colour usually referred to as cochineal or carmine red .

There is no foolproof way of determining if a Turkish knot has been used , but a fair indication can be obtained by looking at the back of the rug .
there is no foolproof way of determining if a turkish knot has been used , but a fair indication can be [got] by looking at the back of the rug .

Excellent bargains can be obtained , and thee is something deeply satisfying about owning a rug for which you have had to compete .
excellent bargains can be [got] , and thee is something deeply satisfying about owning a rug for which you have had to compete .

Essentially , formulating a theory of regulation involves imputing motives to the various bodies involved in regulation ; various theories are obtained by imputing various motives .
essentially , formulating a theory of regulation involves imputing motives to the various bodies involved in regulation ; various theories are [got] by imputing various motives .

This is the `` never knowingly undersold `` strategy , by which the incumbent promises to reduce the price ex post should the consumer find that the good could have been obtained elsewhere more cheaply .
this is the `` never knowingly undersold `` strategy , by which the incumbent promises to reduce the price ex post should the consumer find that the good could have been [got] elsewhere more cheaply .

In fact , if we were to set r=0 , the price cost margins would be exactly equivalent to those obtained from the Ramsey optimal pricing problem , precisely because the problem would then be an example of the Ramsey problem .
in fact , if we were to set r=0 , the price cost margins would be exactly equivalent to those [got] from the ramsey optimal pricing problem , precisely because the problem would then be an example of the ramsey problem .

If the latter , then ( as Gravelle , 1985 , suggests ) it will be optimal for the manager to supply the effort in the final period of office only , since the benefit may be obtained only once .
if the latter , then ( as gravelle , 1985 , suggests ) it will be optimal for the manager to supply the effort in the final period of office only , since the benefit may be [got] only once .

Semantic information can be obtained in two ways :
semantic information can be [got] in two ways :

About 2,000 concordance lines were obtained for each test word , taken from a 22 million-token corpus .
about 2,000 concordance lines were [got] for each test word , taken from a 22 million-token corpus .

There are a number of commercially available dictionaries that can be obtained in machine-readable form .
there are a number of commercially available dictionaries that can be [got] in machine-readable form .

When this test is applied , the following result is obtained : z = 2.15 .
when this test is applied , the following result is [got] : z = 2.15 .

This z-score can then be compared to the value of z required for 95 % and 99 % significance level ( obtained from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 90 ] = 1.99 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 90 ] = 2.63 , p < 0.01 ) .
this z-score can then be compared to the value of z required for 95 % and 99 % significance level ( [got] from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 90 ] = 1.99 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 90 ] = 2.63 , p < 0.01 ) .

This z-score can then be compared to the value of z required for 95 % and 99 % significance level ( obtained from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 133 ] = 1.98 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 133 ] = 2.61 , p < 0.01 ) .
this z-score can then be compared to the value of z required for 95 % and 99 % significance level ( [got] from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 133 ] = 1.98 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 133 ] = 2.61 , p < 0.01 ) .

This z-score can then be compared to the value of z required for 90 % , 95 % and 99 % significance level ( obtained from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 87 ] = 1.66 , p < 0.1 ) , ( z [ df 87 ] = 1.99 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 87 ] = 2.63 , p < 0.01 ) .
this z-score can then be compared to the value of z required for 90 % , 95 % and 99 % significance level ( [got] from statistical tables ) : ( z [ df 87 ] = 1.66 , p < 0.1 ) , ( z [ df 87 ] = 1.99 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 87 ] = 2.63 , p < 0.01 ) .

The list so obtained forms the new definition for that word , containing all strong overlaps ( with the filter set ) , and the more frequent weak overlaps .
the list so [got] forms the new definition for that word , containing all strong overlaps ( with the filter set ) , and the more frequent weak overlaps .

From this we can infer that the proportion of useful information obtained by expansion to the second level is less than that available at the first level .
from this we can infer that the proportion of useful information [got] by expansion to the second level is less than that available at the first level .

It is necessary to identify the effect of these variables on the performance of the semantic analyser , and to determine the values by which optimum performance is obtained .
it is necessary to identify the effect of these variables on the performance of the semantic analyser , and to determine the values by which optimum performance is [got] .

Figure 3.5 clearly shows the improvement in performance obtained when scores are calculated in this manner .
figure 3.5 clearly shows the improvement in performance [got] when scores are calculated in this manner .

At a window size of four words the performance is identical , suggesting that the information obtained from weak overlap is redundant .
at a window size of four words the performance is identical , suggesting that the information [got] from weak overlap is redundant .

Information about other train services can be obtained by telephoning any of the following TransPennine stations :
information about other train services can be [got] by telephoning any of the following transpennine stations :

Savery 's invention was not very successful but he obtained an extension of the patent until 11733 .
savery 's invention was not very successful but he [got] an extension of the patent until 11733 .

Ian Newman has recently obtained his doctorate from Sunderland Polytechnic .
ian newman has recently [got] his doctorate from sunderland polytechnic .

By 1915 , 74 local authorities had obtained permission for 105 schemes .
by 1915 , 74 local authorities had [got] permission for 105 schemes .

These , and further information , can be obtained from your post office or by phone from one of our Customer Care Centres .
these , and further information , can be [got] from your post office or by phone from one of our customer care centres .

If you are still unhappy with the reply you receive you can obtain independent local advice from a Post Office Advisory Committee , whose address can be obtained at your local Customer Care Unit , or by phoning the Parcelforce National Enquiry Centre on 0800 22 44 66 .
if you are still unhappy with the reply you receive you can obtain independent local advice from a post office advisory committee , whose address can be [got] at your local customer care unit , or by phoning the parcelforce national enquiry centre on 0800 22 44 66 .

It gives you evidence of posting and a signature is obtained when the letter is delivered .
it gives you evidence of posting and a signature is [got] when the letter is delivered .

Beside the total rewards such men expected and obtained they are minute .
beside the total rewards such men expected and [got] they are minute .

Further information and advice on the provisions of the Health and Safety at Work ( Northern Ireland ) Order 1978 may be obtained from the Health and Safety Agency for Northern Ireland
further information and advice on the provisions of the health and safety at work ( northern ireland ) order 1978 may be [got] from the health and safety agency for northern ireland

This duty is in addition to that placed on the employer by Article 4 ( 2 ) ( c ) ( see page 4 ) and may include factual information obtained by the inspector which relates to the premises , or anything being done there , and information with respect to any action which he has taken or proposes to take in , or in connection with , the premises .
this duty is in addition to that placed on the employer by article 4 ( 2 ) ( c ) ( see page 4 ) and may include factual information [got] by the inspector which relates to the premises , or anything being done there , and information with respect to any action which he has taken or proposes to take in , or in connection with , the premises .

Further information on the range of services provided can be obtained from :
further information on the range of services provided can be [got] from :

Further information can be obtained from the Inspectorate at :
further information can be [got] from the inspectorate at :

Information on the job introduction scheme and capital grants for adaptations to premises and equipment for the employment of disabled persons can be obtained by contacting the Disablement Employment Adviser at your nearest Training & Employment Agency office ( see pages 7–9 )
information on the job introduction scheme and capital grants for adaptations to premises and equipment for the employment of disabled persons can be [got] by contacting the disablement employment adviser at your nearest training & employment agency office ( see pages 7–9 )

Further information can be obtained from the customer information officer at
further information can be [got] from the customer information officer at

Further information about the services available can be obtained by contacting your nearest Training Centre . They are located at :
further information about the services available can be [got] by contacting your nearest training centre . they are located at :

For example , in what was a most influential study at the time , Robert Sears , Eleanor Maccoby and Harry Levin obtained reports from the mothers of 379 5 year olds on the rearing practices they had adopted at various phases of their children 's lives .
for example , in what was a most influential study at the time , robert sears , eleanor maccoby and harry levin [got] reports from the mothers of 379 5 year olds on the rearing practices they had adopted at various phases of their children 's lives .

When Marian Radke Yarrow , John Campbell and Roger Burton used the same techniques to examine dependence , aggression and conscience formation , they were unable to confirm the findings previously obtained .
when marian radke yarrow , john campbell and roger burton used the same techniques to examine dependence , aggression and conscience formation , they were unable to confirm the findings previously [got] .

From China , Japan obtained her first writing system , and hence much of her subsequent linguistic development .
from china , japan [got] her first writing system , and hence much of her subsequent linguistic development .

Japan had assumed control over Korea , Formosa , the Pescadores and the southern half of Sakhalin , which had been obtained at the end of the Russo Japanese War in 1905 .
japan had assumed control over korea , formosa , the pescadores and the southern half of sakhalin , which had been [got] at the end of the russo japanese war in 1905 .

Potatoes with their high level of nutrients provided not only nourishment and energy , but also essential vitamins usually obtained from other sources .
potatoes with their high level of nutrients provided not only nourishment and energy , but also essential vitamins usually [got] from other sources .

The advice of your local Agricultural Advisory Officer should be obtained on cultivations .
the advice of your local agricultural advisory officer should be [got] on cultivations .

Chitting is necessary , along with early planting , so that early maturity is obtained .
chitting is necessary , along with early planting , so that early maturity is [got] .

The floating charge obtained recognition shortly before this .
the floating charge [got] recognition shortly before this .

Expert opinion of independent official valuers must be obtained for ascertaining the value of the asset in question .
expert opinion of independent official valuers must be [got] for ascertaining the value of the asset in question .

The decision on whether or not we lend to you will normally be based on a credit scoring system supplemented with details of your financial position provided by you , or with information obtained from bankers ' references of credit reference agencies .
the decision on whether or not we lend to you will normally be based on a credit scoring system supplemented with details of your financial position provided by you , or with information [got] from bankers ' references of credit reference agencies .

The service is based on individual membership that can usually be obtained only by large companies .
the service is based on individual membership that can usually be [got] only by large companies .

Further details , including written information regarding any of our savings or lending services , can be obtained from any branch of Midland Bank or alternatively , from the address shown on the reverse of this leaflet .
further details , including written information regarding any of our savings or lending services , can be [got] from any branch of midland bank or alternatively , from the address shown on the reverse of this leaflet .

Further details , including written information about any of our savings or lending services , can be obtained from any Midland Bank branch , or from the address shown at the back of this leaflet .
further details , including written information about any of our savings or lending services , can be [got] from any midland bank branch , or from the address shown at the back of this leaflet .

Details of the current Midland Home Loan Rate can be obtained from any of our branches , or from the address at the back of this leaflet .
details of the current midland home loan rate can be [got] from any of our branches , or from the address at the back of this leaflet .

These are detailed in our Current Account leaflet , a copy of which can be obtained from any Midland branch .
these are detailed in our current account leaflet , a copy of which can be [got] from any midland branch .

Full details and written quotation of credit terms available can be obtained from any Midland branch or by writing to the address shown on the back page .
full details and written quotation of credit terms available can be [got] from any midland branch or by writing to the address shown on the back page .

Full written details of the Midland range of Unit Trusts can be obtained from any of our branches and Financial Services Centres .
full written details of the midland range of unit trusts can be [got] from any of our branches and financial services centres .

The current rates of interest on our High Interest Deposit Bonds can be obtained from all our branches and are displayed daily on Prestel .
the current rates of interest on our high interest deposit bonds can be [got] from all our branches and are displayed daily on prestel .

The liberating message of Luther 's theology was that salvation could be obtained only by faith , not by works — faith in a God whose love for humanity had been demonstrated in the person of Christ .
the liberating message of luther 's theology was that salvation could be [got] only by faith , not by works — faith in a god whose love for humanity had been demonstrated in the person of christ .

When it obtained the Royal Assent , the Criminal Justice Act 1988 had expanded to 173 Sections and sixteen schedules , half as long again as the Bill which had its First Reading in November 1986 , allowing for the separate provisions of the 1987 Act .
when it [got] the royal assent , the criminal justice act 1988 had expanded to 173 sections and sixteen schedules , half as long again as the bill which had its first reading in november 1986 , allowing for the separate provisions of the 1987 act .

In the case of Turner , a convicted defendant initiated a prosecution against his accomplice , who had obtained a prior undertaking from the Director that he would not be prosecuted for his part in the offence .
in the case of turner , a convicted defendant initiated a prosecution against his accomplice , who had [got] a prior undertaking from the director that he would not be prosecuted for his part in the offence .

More information was to be obtained on offenders , and their backgrounds , in order that the courts might select methods of disposal ‘ most likely to achieve the ends of justice in relation to the individual offender ’ .
more information was to be [got] on offenders , and their backgrounds , in order that the courts might select methods of disposal ‘ most likely to achieve the ends of justice in relation to the individual offender ’ .

Inflation called for an uplift in many maximum fines , with a power being conferred upon the Home Secretary to adjust financial limits in the future by order , having first obtained the approval of both Houses of Parliament , so as to keep them in step with subsequent changes in the value of money .
inflation called for an uplift in many maximum fines , with a power being conferred upon the home secretary to adjust financial limits in the future by order , having first [got] the approval of both houses of parliament , so as to keep them in step with subsequent changes in the value of money .

The part that the National Food Survey plays in policy formulation is illustrated and the proceedings also indicate how researchers and commercial interests can benefit from the continuity and the broad coverage of the data obtained for the Survey .
the part that the national food survey plays in policy formulation is illustrated and the proceedings also indicate how researchers and commercial interests can benefit from the continuity and the broad coverage of the data [got] for the survey .

Full details of all these treatments , with dosage rates , may be obtained from Ref .
full details of all these treatments , with dosage rates , may be [got] from ref .

Only where the foreigner brought in technology that could not otherwise be obtained or where the firm exported the great bulk of its output were these constraints relaxed .
only where the foreigner brought in technology that could not otherwise be [got] or where the firm exported the great bulk of its output were these constraints relaxed .

How was training obtained ? What strategies for reducing expressed emotion have been effective ? Have any difficulties been encountered in defining roles within multi-agency or multi-disciplinary teams ?
how was training [got] ? what strategies for reducing expressed emotion have been effective ? have any difficulties been encountered in defining roles within multi-agency or multi-disciplinary teams ?

Details of activities and entertainments going on in the town can be obtained from the entertainments page in the local press .
details of activities and entertainments going on in the town can be [got] from the entertainments page in the local press .

If there is any doubt about the passport or other identifying documents advice can always be obtained from the police .
if there is any doubt about the passport or other identifying documents advice can always be [got] from the police .

The cashier will ensure that all valuables in the safe or in a safety deposit box are collected by the guest and a signed receipt obtained .
the cashier will ensure that all valuables in the safe or in a safety deposit box are collected by the guest and a signed receipt [got] .

If proof of postage is required for sending important documents through the post , the package or letter is taken to the post office , and for an extra charge the delivery will be recorded and a receipt obtained as proof .
if proof of postage is required for sending important documents through the post , the package or letter is taken to the post office , and for an extra charge the delivery will be recorded and a receipt [got] as proof .

Registered letter envelopes in different sizes can be obtained from the post office , or a stout envelope or package can be used by drawing blue lines across the face before it is handed in to the post office .
registered letter envelopes in different sizes can be [got] from the post office , or a stout envelope or package can be used by drawing blue lines across the face before it is handed in to the post office .

100–250 copies can be obtained from the master copy or it can be used for short runs until the carbon deposit is exhausted .
100–250 copies can be [got] from the master copy or it can be used for short runs until the carbon deposit is exhausted .

Up to 50 000 copies can be obtained from a metal master copy , which can be stored for reuse .
up to 50 000 copies can be [got] from a metal master copy , which can be stored for reuse .

The following are the rates that were effective from 6 April 1976 , but it must be remembered that these are liable to change at any time ; full information on contribution rates can be obtained from the Department of Health and Social Security .
the following are the rates that were effective from 6 april 1976 , but it must be remembered that these are liable to change at any time ; full information on contribution rates can be [got] from the department of health and social security .

Blood was obtained by heel prick .
blood was [got] by heel prick .

Samples obtained through screening programme for phenylketonuria and congenital hypothyroidism .
samples [got] through screening programme for phenylketonuria and congenital hypothyroidism .

Information on grade of employment was obtained by asking participants to give their civil service grade at the time of the baseline survey .
information on grade of employment was [got] by asking participants to give their civil service grade at the time of the baseline survey .

Computerised sickness absence records to the end of March 1988 were obtained annually from the civil service pay centres .
computerised sickness absence records to the end of march 1988 were [got] annually from the civil service pay centres .

We , and others , recommend that a sample should be obtained after one hour for both routes and are pleased to receive one at all , for it immediately involves the medical microbiologist in the care of the patient , and close cooperation is important .
we , and others , recommend that a sample should be [got] after one hour for both routes and are pleased to receive one at all , for it immediately involves the medical microbiologist in the care of the patient , and close cooperation is important .

The information obtained was being used not only for patient care but also for management purposes such as audit , planning services , resource management , and monitoring contracts .
the information [got] was being used not only for patient care but also for management purposes such as audit , planning services , resource management , and monitoring contracts .

Given the importance of the uses to which information from assessments is put , greater standardisation of methods of assessment is needed to ensure that the validity and reliability of information obtained are acceptable .
given the importance of the uses to which information from assessments is put , greater standardisation of methods of assessment is needed to ensure that the validity and reliability of information [got] are acceptable .

Written informed consent was obtained from each patient before enrolment .
written informed consent was [got] from each patient before enrolment .

Packed cell volume was measured in the first arterial or venous blood sample obtained , usually when establishing arterial access .
packed cell volume was measured in the first arterial or venous blood sample [got] , usually when establishing arterial access .

However , the significant difference in packed cell volume between the groups remained when only those samples obtained within the first two hours were compared and also when only those obtained from the third hour onwards were compared .
however , the significant difference in packed cell volume between the groups remained when only those samples [got] within the first two hours were compared and also when only those [got] from the third hour onwards were compared .

The mean arterial pressure recorded with this device correlated highly with values calculated from mean blood pressure obtained with a mercury sphygmomanometer in the same conditions ( r =0.72 ; p < 0.0001 ) .
the mean arterial pressure recorded with this device correlated highly with values calculated from mean blood pressure [got] with a mercury sphygmomanometer in the same conditions ( r =0.72 ; p < 0.0001 ) .

The first was an intention to treat analysis in which the values at the last visit of three pivotal outcome measures — that is , urinary albumin and sodium excretion and mean arterial pressure — obtained from all included subjects during the last three months of their follow up were carried forward .
the first was an intention to treat analysis in which the values at the last visit of three pivotal outcome measures — that is , urinary albumin and sodium excretion and mean arterial pressure — [got] from all included subjects during the last three months of their follow up were carried forward .

These results are almost identical with those obtained during a previous trial comparing the same drug , used at the same dose over the same time period , with placebo .
these results are almost identical with those [got] during a previous trial comparing the same drug , used at the same dose over the same time period , with placebo .

Ensuring informed patient consent to release of information to third parties is obtained is important for service research .
ensuring informed patient consent to release of information to third parties is [got] is important for service research .

This information is obtained from the Changes log .
this information is [got] from the changes log .

That cooperation , however , is not easily obtained ; congress has become notably more difficult to master than before .
that cooperation , however , is not easily [got] ; congress has become notably more difficult to master than before .

In return the Democrats obtained improved benefits for those who remained on welfare .
in return the democrats [got] improved benefits for those who remained on welfare .

Few voters could have obtained a real grasp of the issues at stake and hardly any would have been in a position to assess the leadership qualities of the candidates on offer .
few voters could have [got] a real grasp of the issues at stake and hardly any would have been in a position to assess the leadership qualities of the candidates on offer .

The initiative in budgetary matters rests mainly with the president , but , once he has submitted his proposals , they can not become law until they have obtained Congressional approval .
the initiative in budgetary matters rests mainly with the president , but , once he has submitted his proposals , they can not become law until they have [got] congressional approval .

Some succumb to the pressure and claim they have obtained evidence where in fact there is little or none .
some succumb to the pressure and claim they have [got] evidence where in fact there is little or none .

These images were both obtained at 20:12 .
these images were both [got] at 20:12 .

For the analyses of childhood cancers including leukaemias — that is , those diagnosed in children aged 0–14 years — data were obtained from the National Registry of Childhood Tumours at the Childhood Cancer Research Group .
for the analyses of childhood cancers including leukaemias — that is , those diagnosed in children aged 0–14 years — data were [got] from the national registry of childhood tumours at the childhood cancer research group .

For 1969–83 registrations at age 15–24 were obtained from the Northern Region Cancer Registry and ( for 1969–73 in what is now South Cumbria ) the North Western Regional Cancer Registry ; in general , no further effort was made to ascertain cases .
for 1969–83 registrations at age 15–24 were [got] from the northern region cancer registry and ( for 1969–73 in what is now south cumbria ) the north western regional cancer registry ; in general , no further effort was made to ascertain cases .

Birth records have been obtained for the 42 children with cancer diagnosed up to the age of 4 years throughout Cumbria during 1984–90 in order to investigate the possibility that some of these children had been born in Seascale and then moved , but in fact only the child resident in Seascale at diagnosis was also domiciled there at birth .
birth records have been [got] for the 42 children with cancer diagnosed up to the age of 4 years throughout cumbria during 1984–90 in order to investigate the possibility that some of these children had been born in seascale and then moved , but in fact only the child resident in seascale at diagnosis was also domiciled there at birth .

Follow up data for the 18 patients who were alive when the 1988 report was assembled have been obtained from the most recent inpatient assessment at Harefield Hospital ( 1991–2 ) , where all but one patient are reviewed in depth each year or more often if problems arise .
follow up data for the 18 patients who were alive when the 1988 report was assembled have been [got] from the most recent inpatient assessment at harefield hospital ( 1991–2 ) , where all but one patient are reviewed in depth each year or more often if problems arise .

Scores were obtained by averaging the responses .
scores were [got] by averaging the responses .

’ There was remarkable consistency among subjects in the rankings obtained , and also the suggestion that tasks like teaching interviewing skills — which are difficult to recruit staff for — received high hassle scores .
’ there was remarkable consistency among subjects in the rankings [got] , and also the suggestion that tasks like teaching interviewing skills — which are difficult to recruit staff for — received high hassle scores .

Because the death-rate was high , marriages were usually short-term ; and divorce could be obtained where nature did not intervene .
because the death-rate was high , marriages were usually short-term ; and divorce could be [got] where nature did not intervene .

There was no problem in Normandy , where , by the middle of the twelfth century , one customary law obtained virtually throughout the duchy .
there was no problem in normandy , where , by the middle of the twelfth century , one customary law [got] virtually throughout the duchy .

The Moon shows a wealth of detail , and the phases of Venus are easy to pick out , while striking views can be obtained of stellar objects .
the moon shows a wealth of detail , and the phases of venus are easy to pick out , while striking views can be [got] of stellar objects .

Similarly , small firm independence is eroded by the fact that over half of the raw materials to be processed are obtained from the buyer and nearly one-third of subcontractors use the buyers trademark .
similarly , small firm independence is eroded by the fact that over half of the raw materials to be processed are [got] from the buyer and nearly one-third of subcontractors use the buyers trademark .

Until the mid-1970s , additional equity finance was obtained through rights issues to existing stockholders at par rather than market share values making this a less attractive option for corporate borrowers .
until the mid-1970s , additional equity finance was [got] through rights issues to existing stockholders at par rather than market share values making this a less attractive option for corporate borrowers .

New versions of existing entries may not be stored in the database unless they have first been obtained for update by a known lexicographer , who is the only lexicographer allowed to return it .
new versions of existing entries may not be stored in the database unless they have first been [got] for update by a known lexicographer , who is the only lexicographer allowed to return it .

Entries which are read from the Working-Set for update are flagged as being on-loan and belonging to the lexicographer who obtained it .
entries which are read from the working-set for update are flagged as being on-loan and belonging to the lexicographer who [got] it .

The standard of service obtained by a lexicographer at a primary-use terminal is determined by various demands made on the configuration of equipment and software .
the standard of service [got] by a lexicographer at a primary-use terminal is determined by various demands made on the configuration of equipment and software .

proofs of entries occupying less than three columns of dictionary text may be obtained within ten minutes
proofs of entries occupying less than three columns of dictionary text may be [got] within ten minutes

roofs of entries occupying more than three columns of dictionary text may be obtained within four hours .
roofs of entries occupying more than three columns of dictionary text may be [got] within four hours .

It is through the driving system that the flexibility of program use is obtained .
it is through the driving system that the flexibility of program use is [got] .

( b ) those which can be obtained by modifying or extending the system software — but which will run on a ‘ standard ’ hardware system
( b ) those which can be [got] by modifying or extending the system software — but which will run on a ‘ standard ’ hardware system

This is best obtained by systematic observation of his or her teaching of normal lessons not involving a microcomputer .
this is best [got] by systematic observation of his or her teaching of normal lessons not involving a microcomputer .

The drawing of inferences from the information as it is obtained , like all such modes of thinking , is not susceptible to recipes .
the drawing of inferences from the information as it is [got] , like all such modes of thinking , is not susceptible to recipes .

These are the offspring obtained by cross-breeding wild-type with pearl eye type .
these are the offspring [got] by cross-breeding wild-type with pearl eye type .

They obtained an Anton Pillar Order ( a legally authorised raid ) to recover their documents .
they [got] an anton pillar order ( a legally authorised raid ) to recover their documents .

All the trainees dealing with leads obtained from Dun and Bradstreet put their initials down on the white cards they sent out .
all the trainees dealing with leads [got] from dun and bradstreet put their initials down on the white cards they sent out .

In the one 's complement method , any pattern whose sign bit is one represents the negative of a number obtained by replacing one by zero and zero by one in each bit position .
in the one 's complement method , any pattern whose sign bit is one represents the negative of a number [got] by replacing one by zero and zero by one in each bit position .

There may be a requirement for precision greater than that obtained from double.length arithmetic , or double.length arithmetic may not be provided , and in this situation it is necessary to program the basic multiple.length arithmetic operations out of simpler operations .
there may be a requirement for precision greater than that [got] from double.length arithmetic , or double.length arithmetic may not be provided , and in this situation it is necessary to program the basic multiple.length arithmetic operations out of simpler operations .

Although most processing of arithmetic fields is from right to left , the operand is specified by the address of its left-hand byte ; since the instruction specifies the length of each packed decimal operand , the address of the right-hand byte is easily obtained .
although most processing of arithmetic fields is from right to left , the operand is specified by the address of its left-hand byte ; since the instruction specifies the length of each packed decimal operand , the address of the right-hand byte is easily [got] .

@@@ For example , if the bits for " logical complement of accumulator " and " increment accumulator " are set , then the instruction " complement and increment accumulator " ( i.e. two 's complement negate accumulator ) is obtained .
@@@ for example , if the bits for " logical complement of accumulator " and " increment accumulator " are set , then the instruction " complement and increment accumulator " ( i.e. two 's complement negate accumulator ) is [got] .

Despite all his careful preliminary research , Bjornsson discovered that if he calculated a formula from one half of his data he obtained a completely different equation from that which was obtained from the other half .
despite all his careful preliminary research , bjornsson discovered that if he calculated a formula from one half of his data he [got] a completely different equation from that which was [got] from the other half .

Furthermore , when he checked back on the correlation between his simple lix values and the criterion of pooled estimates of difficulty , he found that the figure was 0.92 , which was exactly the same as that obtained from the multiple regression .
furthermore , when he checked back on the correlation between his simple lix values and the criterion of pooled estimates of difficulty , he found that the figure was 0.92 , which was exactly the same as that [got] from the multiple regression .

The working assumption behind the Fry graph is that the mean obtained from three samples approximates to the population mean ( i.e .
the working assumption behind the fry graph is that the mean [got] from three samples approximates to the population mean ( i.e .

They may have intended to present the information as a factual account , or they may have been investigating a particular area with a view to using the material obtained as a background for a piece of more imaginative writing .
they may have intended to present the information as a factual account , or they may have been investigating a particular area with a view to using the material [got] as a background for a piece of more imaginative writing .

After all , to write a sensible story about , say , a Viking voyage , involves considerable background knowledge , and this has to be obtained from somewhere .
after all , to write a sensible story about , say , a viking voyage , involves considerable background knowledge , and this has to be [got] from somewhere .

Although Lagrange seemed to cherish hopes that his work would show the way to the solution of the general quintic the results obtained indicated a distinct possibility that there might be no corresponding formula in the case of equations of degree greater than 4 , and a supposed proof of this was given by Ruffini in 1799 .
although lagrange seemed to cherish hopes that his work would show the way to the solution of the general quintic the results [got] indicated a distinct possibility that there might be no corresponding formula in the case of equations of degree greater than 4 , and a supposed proof of this was given by ruffini in 1799 .

In 1885 he obtained his doctorate with at thesis on the theory of invariants .
in 1885 he [got] his doctorate with at thesis on the theory of invariants .

After becoming a professor at Königsberg in 1892 he obtained the chair at Göttingen in 1895 , a position held until his retirement in 1930 .
after becoming a professor at königsberg in 1892 he [got] the chair at göttingen in 1895 , a position held until his retirement in 1930 .

Remark If we admitted 1 and -1 as primes we would lose the uniqueness we 've just obtained since , for instance , 7 = 1.7 = 1.1.7 .
remark if we admitted 1 and -1 as primes we would lose the uniqueness we 've just [got] since , for instance , 7 = 1.7 = 1.1.7 .

Yet despite that , even in the 1950s neither the Conservatives nor Labour ever obtained an absolute majority of the votes , and today it is even clearer that there is no one majority party in British politics .
yet despite that , even in the 1950s neither the conservatives nor labour ever [got] an absolute majority of the votes , and today it is even clearer that there is no one majority party in british politics .

to evaluate the evidence obtained of the feasibility of producing and using graduated tests .
to evaluate the evidence [got] of the feasibility of producing and using graduated tests .

However , some development was possible in each test mode and views on issues were obtained from a number of liaison groups and second-phase schools .
however , some development was possible in each test mode and views on issues were [got] from a number of liaison groups and second-phase schools .

Views on some of these questions were also obtained from teachers in second-phase schools by questionnaire .
views on some of these questions were also [got] from teachers in second-phase schools by questionnaire .

There were also several other schemes for which further information was not subsequently obtained .
there were also several other schemes for which further information was not subsequently [got] .

The boys obtained significantly higher success rates than the girls for 17 out of the 29 items and the girls were more successful in four .
the boys [got] significantly higher success rates than the girls for 17 out of the 29 items and the girls were more successful in four .

The following results were obtained for 2,515 pupils in mixed schools : There were more boys in this sample ( 55 per cent ) than girls ( 45 per cent ) ; this imbalance was not present amongst low scoring pupils , half of the low scorers being boys and half girls .
the following results were [got] for 2,515 pupils in mixed schools : there were more boys in this sample ( 55 per cent ) than girls ( 45 per cent ) ; this imbalance was not present amongst low scoring pupils , half of the low scorers being boys and half girls .

An inspection of the results for individual questions shows that although fewer pupils in the bottom third obtained the correct answer in each case than did other pupils , a substantial proportion did so in many cases .
an inspection of the results for individual questions shows that although fewer pupils in the bottom third [got] the correct answer in each case than did other pupils , a substantial proportion did so in many cases .

Five questions produced success rates of 50 per cent or more for the bottom band pupils , and for seven questions between 40 per cent and 50 per cent obtained the correct answer .
five questions produced success rates of 50 per cent or more for the bottom band pupils , and for seven questions between 40 per cent and 50 per cent [got] the correct answer .

Comparing numbers is an efficient way of diagnosing basic understanding of these concepts , if the numbers to be compared are carefully selected , so that the correct answer is unlikely to be obtained by pupils who have misconceptions .
comparing numbers is an efficient way of diagnosing basic understanding of these concepts , if the numbers to be compared are carefully selected , so that the correct answer is unlikely to be [got] by pupils who have misconceptions .

The results for specific questions are those actually obtained and have not been given to the nearest five per cent .
the results for specific questions are those actually [got] and have not been given to the nearest five per cent .

The general picture obtained for decimal place value is not a very happy one .
the general picture [got] for decimal place value is not a very happy one .

The only tasks where high success rates were obtained were those where the pupil can effectively treat decimals as whole numbers .
the only tasks where high success rates were [got] were those where the pupil can effectively treat decimals as whole numbers .

Items on change , and those involving a number of articles costing £x.99 yielded some of the highest success rates obtained in the tests used in the project .
items on change , and those involving a number of articles costing £x.99 yielded some of the highest success rates [got] in the tests used in the project .

When multiplying was directly indicated success rates were high ; over half the lower third band pupils obtained the correct answers : When the multiplication operation had to be inferred , success rates depended on the context .
when multiplying was directly indicated success rates were high ; over half the lower third band pupils [got] the correct answers : when the multiplication operation had to be inferred , success rates depended on the context .

Thus the number of 17p stamps which could be bought for a pound could be obtained by converting the pound to 100p and dividing by 17 .
thus the number of 17p stamps which could be bought for a pound could be [got] by converting the pound to 100p and dividing by 17 .

The highest success rate obtained for items on the relationship between metric and Imperial units was for Example 48 .
the highest success rate [got] for items on the relationship between metric and imperial units was for example 48 .

The highest success rates obtained ( 90–100 per cent ) were for answering simple questions about a calendar : on which days of the week were given dates and how many days there were in a given month .
the highest success rates [got] ( 90–100 per cent ) were for answering simple questions about a calendar : on which days of the week were given dates and how many days there were in a given month .

Compass arcs were only rarely seen , for example , and it appeared that many of the drawings had been obtained by trial and error .
compass arcs were only rarely seen , for example , and it appeared that many of the drawings had been [got] by trial and error .

In response to the first task , 72 per cent of the pupils obtained an acceptable height measurement for the label but 44 per cent only cut out the label with acceptable accuracy .
in response to the first task , 72 per cent of the pupils [got] an acceptable height measurement for the label but 44 per cent only cut out the label with acceptable accuracy .

The highest success rate was obtained for the following question : The diagram had a square grid and the question was phrased `` How many squares … ? ``
the highest success rate was [got] for the following question : the diagram had a square grid and the question was phrased `` how many squares … ? ``

Examples of a calendar item which appeared in three different tests , and the results obtained are given in Example 72 .
examples of a calendar item which appeared in three different tests , and the results [got] are given in example 72 .

In the written test 47 per cent of the boys and 57 per cent of the girls obtained the correct answer , while in the mental test the corresponding figures were 34 per cent and 43 per cent respectively .
in the written test 47 per cent of the boys and 57 per cent of the girls [got] the correct answer , while in the mental test the corresponding figures were 34 per cent and 43 per cent respectively .

For example , boys obtained success rates from 10–20 percentage points higher than girls in reading a chart of distances between towns .
for example , boys [got] success rates from 10–20 percentage points higher than girls in reading a chart of distances between towns .

Again , validity needs to be considered , and it seems likely that the length of 2.8 cm can be obtained by using a whole number strategy which avoids the use of decimal concepts .
again , validity needs to be considered , and it seems likely that the length of 2.8 cm can be [got] by using a whole number strategy which avoids the use of decimal concepts .

The success rate for the item shown is typical of those obtained and the most popular response : No , No , Yes ; given by 39 per cent of pupils suggests a view that 30 is greater than 11 so Robert is taller than Dean .
the success rate for the item shown is typical of those [got] and the most popular response : no , no , yes ; given by 39 per cent of pupils suggests a view that 30 is greater than 11 so robert is taller than dean .

The higher success rates obtained for Imperial units suggest that out of school experience may well be an important factor in making the associations required .
the higher success rates [got] for imperial units suggest that out of school experience may well be an important factor in making the associations required .

The highest success rates were obtained from questions dealing with the smaller metric units , those with answers of 10 or 100 .
the highest success rates were [got] from questions dealing with the smaller metric units , those with answers of 10 or 100 .

The data obtained from these questions and similar ones on other measures suggest that relationships of the form 1x = 1000y are less well known than 1x 100y or 1x = 10y .
the data [got] from these questions and similar ones on other measures suggest that relationships of the form 1x = 1000y are less well known than 1x 100y or 1x = 10y .

The multiple choice format can , in this case , be thought of as demanding a similar sort of thinking to that required when checking an answer obtained by measurement or calculation to see if it is sensible . ``
the multiple choice format can , in this case , be thought of as demanding a similar sort of thinking to that required when checking an answer [got] by measurement or calculation to see if it is sensible . ``

Can read single or double entry tables and can make a simple comparison with the data obtained .
can read single or double entry tables and can make a simple comparison with the data [got] .

Can read multiple entry tables and carry out basic comparisons or computations with the data obtained .
can read multiple entry tables and carry out basic comparisons or computations with the data [got] .

Boundary setting is used frequently in a variety of situations : the age at which `` primary `` becomes `` secondary `` education ; the minimum height for entry into the police force ; the marks to be obtained for a particular grade level in an examination and so on .
boundary setting is used frequently in a variety of situations : the age at which `` primary `` becomes `` secondary `` education ; the minimum height for entry into the police force ; the marks to be [got] for a particular grade level in an examination and so on .

Thus , in part , a causal circumstance is such that if it occurred , then even if there also occurred any change logically consistent with it and its effect , the effect occurred — or , it was the first and the effect was the last of a sequence of things such that the given connection obtained between each thing and its successor .
thus , in part , a causal circumstance is such that if it occurred , then even if there also occurred any change logically consistent with it and its effect , the effect occurred — or , it was the first and the effect was the last of a sequence of things such that the given connection [got] between each thing and its successor .

We may be told that what we understand of an event e , if it is taken as an effect , is that there existed a certain set of conditions — say sc — such that since it existed , e occurred , and e would still have occurred so long as `` the usual background `` or `` the usual environment `` obtained .
we may be told that what we understand of an event e , if it is taken as an effect , is that there existed a certain set of conditions — say sc — such that since it existed , e occurred , and e would still have occurred so long as `` the usual background `` or `` the usual environment `` [got] .

With respect to the short circuit and the house fire , it is true that since a set of conditions obtained , there was the fire , and this would still have occurred so long as , say , there was not a flood at the right moment .
with respect to the short circuit and the house fire , it is true that since a set of conditions [got] , there was the fire , and this would still have occurred so long as , say , there was not a flood at the right moment .

First you look for a vase to put them in — and remember , Head teachers , quite nice plain vases can be obtained quite cheaply at County Supp lies .
first you look for a vase to put them in — and remember , head teachers , quite nice plain vases can be [got] quite cheaply at county supp lies .

Much journalistic material is obtained from official sources `` off the record . ``
much journalistic material is [got] from official sources `` off the record . ``

Confessions which have been obtained as a result of oppressive questioning can not be used as evidence in criminal proceedings ( s.76 ) .
confessions which have been [got] as a result of oppressive questioning can not be used as evidence in criminal proceedings ( s.76 ) .

Nor will confessions obtained as a result of anything said or done which was likely to render them unreliable , be admissible , unless the prosecution can prove that they were not obtained in this way .
nor will confessions [got] as a result of anything said or done which was likely to render them unreliable , be admissible , unless the prosecution can prove that they were not [got] in this way .

( d ) The warrant is necessary , for example , because consent could not be obtained for the search or the element of surprise is necessary .
( d ) the warrant is necessary , for example , because consent could not be [got] for the search or the element of surprise is necessary .

Access to special procedure material can only be obtained by virtue of a warrant issued by a circuit judge who can issue such a warrant either where , prior to the Act , there would have been access to such material and the first set of access conditions apply or where the judge has reasonable grounds to believe ( i ) a serious arrestable offence has been committed .
access to special procedure material can only be [got] by virtue of a warrant issued by a circuit judge who can issue such a warrant either where , prior to the act , there would have been access to such material and the first set of access conditions apply or where the judge has reasonable grounds to believe ( i ) a serious arrestable offence has been committed .

However section 19 permits the constable to seize anything on the premises if he has reasonable grounds for believing either that it has been obtained in consequence of the commission of an offence or that it is evidence in relation to an offence which he is investigating or any other offence .
however section 19 permits the constable to seize anything on the premises if he has reasonable grounds for believing either that it has been [got] in consequence of the commission of an offence or that it is evidence in relation to an offence which he is investigating or any other offence .

Exclusion of unlawfully obtained evidence
exclusion of unlawfully [got] evidence

Unlawfully obtained evidence is not automatically excluded from a criminal trial .
unlawfully [got] evidence is not automatically excluded from a criminal trial .

Dement and Wolpert obtained REM-awakening reports from volunteers who had not had any fluid intake for at least twenty-four hours .
dement and wolpert [got] rem-awakening reports from volunteers who had not had any fluid intake for at least twenty-four hours .

Superovulation is a useful device for increasing the numbers of eggs and embryos obtained from young ( 3–4 weeks ) mice ( for discussion of the factors involved see ref .
superovulation is a useful device for increasing the numbers of eggs and embryos [got] from young ( 3–4 weeks ) mice ( for discussion of the factors involved see ref .

Since a complete understanding of developmental mechanisms can only be obtained if the sequence and timing of events is known , methods for obtaining synchronized embryos and their constituent blastomeres have to be developed .
since a complete understanding of developmental mechanisms can only be [got] if the sequence and timing of events is known , methods for obtaining synchronized embryos and their constituent blastomeres have to be developed .

Cell numbers can also be obtained from counts of nuclei stained by the Feulgen reaction .
cell numbers can also be [got] from counts of nuclei stained by the feulgen reaction .

Different types of information can be obtained depending upon the age of the embryos and whether they are disaggregated before or after staining .
different types of information can be [got] depending upon the age of the embryos and whether they are disaggregated before or after staining .

Furthermore , these microparticles are available in various sizes and can be obtained coupled to other fluorochromes .
furthermore , these microparticles are available in various sizes and can be [got] coupled to other fluorochromes .

0.8 mm ) which can be obtained from Drummond Scientific Company , Pennsylvania .
0.8 mm ) which can be [got] from drummond scientific company , pennsylvania .

While gonadal material can easily be obtained from mice , testicular samples for the study of human meiosis are not so easy to come by .
while gonadal material can easily be [got] from mice , testicular samples for the study of human meiosis are not so easy to come by .

( iii ) Centrifuge the cell suspension obtained at 50 g for 5 min .
( iii ) centrifuge the cell suspension [got] at 50 g for 5 min .

( viii ) Add about 1 ml of fixative ( freshly prepared ) until a slightly cloudy suspension is obtained .
( viii ) add about 1 ml of fixative ( freshly prepared ) until a slightly cloudy suspension is [got] .

Th resolution with pachytene chromosomes is claimed to be better than that obtained with high resolution banded somatic chromosomes ( 16,17 ) .
th resolution with pachytene chromosomes is claimed to be better than that [got] with high resolution banded somatic chromosomes ( 16,17 ) .

The material ( mouse or human ovaries ) must be obtained as fresh as possible .
the material ( mouse or human ovaries ) must be [got] as fresh as possible .

The purpose of this chapter is to describe some of the available techniques and the ways of utilizing the preparations obtained by them in a variety of applications which range from the simple determination of chromosome counts to the in situ hybridization of gene probes to banded chromosomes .
the purpose of this chapter is to describe some of the available techniques and the ways of utilizing the preparations [got] by them in a variety of applications which range from the simple determination of chromosome counts to the in situ hybridization of gene probes to banded chromosomes .

Once preparations are obtained they can be treated to serve a number of purposes and some of these will be described .
once preparations are [got] they can be treated to serve a number of purposes and some of these will be described .

Chromosome preparations can be obtained from all the recoverable stages of pre-implantation embryos described in Chapter 2 .
chromosome preparations can be [got] from all the recoverable stages of pre-implantation embryos described in chapter 2 .

The preparations obtained will successfully C-band but rarely produce good G-banded karyotypes .
the preparations [got] will successfully c-band but rarely produce good g-banded karyotypes .

Following birth , there is a resurgence of mitotic activity and excellent preparations can be obtained from the liver and spleen up to 5 days later .
following birth , there is a resurgence of mitotic activity and excellent preparations can be [got] from the liver and spleen up to 5 days later .

Pre- or post-banding avoids the need to culture cells since adequate numbers of mitotic cells can be obtained directly from mid-term fetuses ( Table 3b ) .
pre- or post-banding avoids the need to culture cells since adequate numbers of mitotic cells can be [got] directly from mid-term fetuses ( table 3b ) .

In this way Better Shoe obtained a mailing list which they could use to mail the mothers further information when the child was nine months old .
in this way better shoe [got] a mailing list which they could use to mail the mothers further information when the child was nine months old .

The depth of information obtained at this interview will depend upon the custom in your ward , the time available , the relationship between the nurse and patient , the nature of the condition affecting the patient and the type of admission .
the depth of information [got] at this interview will depend upon the custom in your ward , the time available , the relationship between the nurse and patient , the nature of the condition affecting the patient and the type of admission .

She obtained the following information and instructions :
she [got] the following information and instructions :

This is necessary so that the barium can pass into the bowel for the X-ray procedure and so that good vision can be obtained through the sigmoidoscope .
this is necessary so that the barium can pass into the bowel for the x-ray procedure and so that good vision can be [got] through the sigmoidoscope .

( Further supplies can be obtained from the General Practitioner . )
( further supplies can be [got] from the general practitioner . )

Nevertheless with the information obtained from the exercise described above , the shortfall or over-provision fur the whole district and within each unit can be identified .
nevertheless with the information [got] from the exercise described above , the shortfall or over-provision fur the whole district and within each unit can be identified .

Determine how skills can be obtained and take executive action either to recruit or to develop existing staff .
determine how skills can be [got] and take executive action either to recruit or to develop existing staff .

The most successful results were obtained when stains were treated with a stain remover and machine washed .
the most successful results were [got] when stains were treated with a stain remover and machine washed .

The region is often criticised for being bureaucratic and remote without too careful an analysis of these concepts ( Page and Midwinter 1979 ) ; but one criticism must surely be accepted — the ‘ certain balance ’ that Wheatley advocated is scarcely obtained when one region outweighs the rest .
the region is often criticised for being bureaucratic and remote without too careful an analysis of these concepts ( page and midwinter 1979 ) ; but one criticism must surely be accepted — the ‘ certain balance ’ that wheatley advocated is scarcely [got] when one region outweighs the rest .

: These advantages were obtained by many of the former county boroughs which Redcliffe-Maud considered to have ‘ been the most effective local government unit we have known ’ ( Redcliffe-Maud 1969 : Vol 1 68 ) .
: these advantages were [got] by many of the former county boroughs which redcliffe-maud considered to have ‘ been the most effective local government unit we have known ’ ( redcliffe-maud 1969 : vol 1 68 ) .

Some of the distinctions being made will be discussed further below , but the way in which different figures for local authority expenditure may be obtained should already be clear .
some of the distinctions being made will be discussed further below , but the way in which different figures for local authority expenditure may be [got] should already be clear .

By 1904 , Michael Joyce had obtained a United States passport .
by 1904 , michael joyce had [got] a united states passport .

Afterwards he went to the United States and obtained three degrees , the most prestigious being a doctorate from Princeton awarded in 1910 .
afterwards he went to the united states and [got] three degrees , the most prestigious being a doctorate from princeton awarded in 1910 .

Kim obtained experience in his formative years in cooperating with the Chinese and with the Russians ; it is relevant to note he had no experience of working with the communists in Korea .
kim [got] experience in his formative years in cooperating with the chinese and with the russians ; it is relevant to note he had no experience of working with the communists in korea .

Twenty years ago more than three quarters of the College 's income came in the form of a government grant . Today that figure is nearer 42% , the rest obtained competitively from research grants or from student fees
twenty years ago more than three quarters of the college 's income came in the form of a government grant . today that figure is nearer 42% , the rest [got] competitively from research grants or from student fees

Today it is around 42 % while the rest is obtained competitively from research grants and contracts or from student fees .
today it is around 42 % while the rest is [got] competitively from research grants and contracts or from student fees .

Having obtained a papal dispensation , Philip , duke of Burgundy , forsook his support of the settlement made at Troyes and , hence , too , his allegiance to the English as rulers of France .
having [got] a papal dispensation , philip , duke of burgundy , forsook his support of the settlement made at troyes and , hence , too , his allegiance to the english as rulers of france .

Our brochure descriptions are based on the information obtained from Euro Disney , our Staff and Representative 's regular visits and from hotel management and owners .
our brochure descriptions are based on the information [got] from euro disney , our staff and representative 's regular visits and from hotel management and owners .

The status of the expected Messiah was augmented by the circumstances which obtained in Palestine at the period of Jesus 's birth .
the status of the expected messiah was augmented by the circumstances which [got] in palestine at the period of jesus 's birth .

The principle underlying this figure obtained throughout the ancient world — not only in the classical cultures of the Mediterranean and the Middle East , but among the Celtic and Teutonic tribes of Europe and farther afield as well .
the principle underlying this figure [got] throughout the ancient world — not only in the classical cultures of the mediterranean and the middle east , but among the celtic and teutonic tribes of europe and farther afield as well .

Even the Church will today readily admit this , while remaining loath to relinquish many of the benefits obtained by the deception .
even the church will today readily admit this , while remaining loath to relinquish many of the benefits [got] by the deception .

They may have obtained support , in manpower , money and material , from all three ; but they themselves were essentially political in orientation .
they may have [got] support , in manpower , money and material , from all three ; but they themselves were essentially political in orientation .

If Eisenman is correct — and the evidence weighs heavily in his favour — then the confusion which has hitherto obtained is effectively dispelled .
if eisenman is correct — and the evidence weighs heavily in his favour — then the confusion which has hitherto [got] is effectively dispelled .

Once again , a dynastic principle of succession seems clearly to have obtained among the Nazareans .
once again , a dynastic principle of succession seems clearly to have [got] among the nazareans .

Once Paul 's cult began to crystallise as a religion in itself , rather than a form of Judaism , it dictated certain priorities which had not obtained in Jesus 's lifetime and which Jesus himself would unquestionably have deplored .
once paul 's cult began to crystallise as a religion in itself , rather than a form of judaism , it dictated certain priorities which had not [got] in jesus 's lifetime and which jesus himself would unquestionably have deplored .

Although rather overshadowed by the heroin ‘ problem ’ which soon emerged , this committee was able to continue its focus on young solvent users and obtained funding for a full-time counsellor to work out of a Council of Voluntary Service office .
although rather overshadowed by the heroin ‘ problem ’ which soon emerged , this committee was able to continue its focus on young solvent users and [got] funding for a full-time counsellor to work out of a council of voluntary service office .

Initially , journalists obtained most of their stories from concerned people in the townships where heroin was concentrated .
initially , journalists [got] most of their stories from concerned people in the townships where heroin was concentrated .

Following the elimination of double or multiple counts of the same individual , a final count of 1,604 individuals was obtained .
following the elimination of double or multiple counts of the same individual , a final count of 1,604 individuals was [got] .

The dates of birth of 90 per cent of the known opioid users were obtained , and their average ( modal ) age at the mid-point of the prevalence period was 19 years .
the dates of birth of 90 per cent of the known opioid users were [got] , and their average ( modal ) age at the mid-point of the prevalence period was 19 years .

The marital status of most of the opioid users known to two drugs agencies were obtained : the Drugs Council , which attracted users seeking therapy and counselling , and the Detoxification Unit , which attracted users more likely to be seeking medical treatment .
the marital status of most of the opioid users known to two drugs agencies were [got] : the drugs council , which attracted users seeking therapy and counselling , and the detoxification unit , which attracted users more likely to be seeking medical treatment .

Information about the partners and families of clients of the Detoxification Unit was also obtained .
information about the partners and families of clients of the detoxification unit was also [got] .

Information about the area of residence of 1,137 ( 87 per cent ) of the known opioid users was obtained .
information about the area of residence of 1,137 ( 87 per cent ) of the known opioid users was [got] .

This is less than half the response rate obtained in the first survey ( 91 per cent ) .
this is less than half the response rate [got] in the first survey ( 91 per cent ) .

Consequently , an alternative projection of future trends was attempted by comparing the figures obtained from those agencies who were involved in both surveys .
consequently , an alternative projection of future trends was attempted by comparing the figures [got] from those agencies who were involved in both surveys .

This was over 500 fewer opioid users than was found during the previous year 's survey of ten agencies , and there is still a reduction in numbers of 375 if we compare the figures obtained from the five agencies contacted in both surveys .
this was over 500 fewer opioid users than was found during the previous year 's survey of ten agencies , and there is still a reduction in numbers of 375 if we compare the figures [got] from the five agencies contacted in both surveys .

That the bulk of the first new wave of Wirral 's heroin users obtained heroin from a single source might seem startling .
that the bulk of the first new wave of wirral 's heroin users [got] heroin from a single source might seem startling .

Whilst some of these drugs may have been obtained by illegal means , the evidence suggests that a significant minority became addicted to opioids originating from a legal source , that is , family practitioners .
whilst some of these drugs may have been [got] by illegal means , the evidence suggests that a significant minority became addicted to opioids originating from a legal source , that is , family practitioners .

Personal details obtained here provided the foundation from which to make the selection .
personal details [got] here provided the foundation from which to make the selection .

It is clear that data obtained from these questions relied heavily on hearsay rather than on the actual knowledge of others , as well as of the informant .
it is clear that data [got] from these questions relied heavily on hearsay rather than on the actual knowledge of others , as well as of the informant .

The results of Method 2 show remarkable similarity to those obtained by Method 1 , even though almost four times as many individuals were encompassed by the nomination process .
the results of method 2 show remarkable similarity to those [got] by method 1 , even though almost four times as many individuals were encompassed by the nomination process .

What is interesting , however , is that the ranking of ratios is the same as that obtained using Method 1 .
what is interesting , however , is that the ranking of ratios is the same as that [got] using method 1 .

The ratios obtained by triangulation are somewhat smaller than those produced by Methods 1–3 .
the ratios [got] by triangulation are somewhat smaller than those produced by methods 1–3 .

This is corroborated by the data obtained from the snowball sample which show that , while 38 per cent of males were known , only 20 per cent of females were known .
this is corroborated by the data [got] from the snowball sample which show that , while 38 per cent of males were known , only 20 per cent of females were known .

The court may give him help , certainly ; for instance by discovery of documents inter partes … ; by allowing evidence to be obtained or presented at the trial in various ways … ; and by the issue of subpoenas … Subject , however , to the help of the court in these various ways , the basic principle underlying the preparation and presentation of a party 's case in the High Court in England is that it is for that party to obtain and present the evidence which he needs by his own means , provided always that such means are lawful in the country in which they are used .
the court may give him help , certainly ; for instance by discovery of documents inter partes … ; by allowing evidence to be [got] or presented at the trial in various ways … ; and by the issue of subpoenas … subject , however , to the help of the court in these various ways , the basic principle underlying the preparation and presentation of a party 's case in the high court in england is that it is for that party to obtain and present the evidence which he needs by his own means , provided always that such means are lawful in the country in which they are used .

It would seem that different considerations apply in the exceptional cases in which discovery may be obtained from a third party .
it would seem that different considerations apply in the exceptional cases in which discovery may be [got] from a third party .

The Court emphasised the importance of that element of the English practice that entrusts the execution of an order to the plaintiff 's solicitors and requires them to give a series of undertakings as to the manner of execution and the use made of the information or documents obtained .
the court emphasised the importance of that element of the english practice that entrusts the execution of an order to the plaintiff 's solicitors and requires them to give a series of undertakings as to the manner of execution and the use made of the information or documents [got] .

Some protection is afforded by the practice of requiring the plaintiff to give an express undertaking not to use the information obtained without first seeking the leave of the court , and it was held in Tate Access Floors Inc .
some protection is afforded by the practice of requiring the plaintiff to give an express undertaking not to use the information [got] without first seeking the leave of the court , and it was held in tate access floors inc .

Although any breach would be contempt of court , and could lead to the lifting of the Mareva injunction , the information will have been obtained and can still be put to use in another State ; and the sanctions available are much reduced where , as may often be the case , the plaintiff is not resident in the jurisdiction of the English court .
although any breach would be contempt of court , and could lead to the lifting of the mareva injunction , the information will have been [got] and can still be put to use in another state ; and the sanctions available are much reduced where , as may often be the case , the plaintiff is not resident in the jurisdiction of the english court .

Even if the evidence sought is material , a court will not order the taking of evidence abroad if equally satisfactory evidence on the same point can be obtained from another source within the jurisdiction .
even if the evidence sought is material , a court will not order the taking of evidence abroad if equally satisfactory evidence on the same point can be [got] from another source within the jurisdiction .

Details of the parties , the proceedings , the evidence to be obtained , or other judicial act to be performed and questions to be put must be included .
details of the parties , the proceedings , the evidence to be [got] , or other judicial act to be performed and questions to be put must be included .

, as to the precise nature of the evidence to be obtained , or the authority to whom the Letter should be returned , as well as difficulties of interpretation over legal terminology used in different systems .
, as to the precise nature of the evidence to be [got] , or the authority to whom the letter should be returned , as well as difficulties of interpretation over legal terminology used in different systems .

The declaration may also require prior authorisation by the competent authority to be obtained in each particular case .
the declaration may also require prior authorisation by the competent authority to be [got] in each particular case .

The United Kingdom expert , very surprisingly , was equally silent on this matter ; he explained the purpose of Article 23 as being to enable Contracting States to refuse to execute Letters of Request which lacked specificity in that they did not describe precisely enough the documents to be obtained or examined .
the united kingdom expert , very surprisingly , was equally silent on this matter ; he explained the purpose of article 23 as being to enable contracting states to refuse to execute letters of request which lacked specificity in that they did not describe precisely enough the documents to be [got] or examined .

The Act gives certain powers to the High Court where an application is made for an order for evidence to be obtained in England , and the court is satisfied that the application is made in pursuance of a request issued by or on behalf of a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in another part of the United Kingdom or some other country , and that the evidence sought is to be obtained for the purposes of civil proceedings which have either been instituted before the requesting court or whose institution is contemplated .
the act gives certain powers to the high court where an application is made for an order for evidence to be [got] in england , and the court is satisfied that the application is made in pursuance of a request issued by or on behalf of a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in another part of the united kingdom or some other country , and that the evidence sought is to be [got] for the purposes of civil proceedings which have either been instituted before the requesting court or whose institution is contemplated .

Testimony and documentary evidence would , they envisaged , be presented either to the forum court or obtained by Letter of Request in the foreign country in which they were to be found .
testimony and documentary evidence would , they envisaged , be presented either to the forum court or [got] by letter of request in the foreign country in which they were to be found .

The text of the Convention drew no distinction between evidence obtained from third parties and that obtained from litigants themselves .
the text of the convention drew no distinction between evidence [got] from third parties and that [got] from litigants themselves .

Keys may be obtained after 2.00pm on Saturday of arrival & keys should be handed in by 10.00am on the Saturday of departure .
keys may be [got] after 2.00pm on saturday of arrival & keys should be handed in by 10.00am on the saturday of departure .

The first , and the easiest to collect , consisted of biographical material obtained from samples of fans in each of the groups , with special attention given to the Rowdies and Town Boys .
the first , and the easiest to collect , consisted of biographical material [got] from samples of fans in each of the groups , with special attention given to the rowdies and town boys .

The second type of data was obtained from close observation of the changes in the compositions of the groups and in the holders of clearly defined role positions within the groups .
the second type of data was [got] from close observation of the changes in the compositions of the groups and in the holders of clearly defined role positions within the groups .

Admission to the Rowdies group can be obtained in one of two ways .
admission to the rowdies group can be [got] in one of two ways .

a duty of confidentiality — each particular arm of a conglomerate is under a duty to retain confidential information obtained from a corporate client , known as the beneficiary , and to use that information for the benefit of the client and not for its own or some other person 's benefit . This obligation is governed by the law of breach of confidence ;
a duty of confidentiality — each particular arm of a conglomerate is under a duty to retain confidential information [got] from a corporate client , known as the beneficiary , and to use that information for the benefit of the client and not for its own or some other person 's benefit . this obligation is governed by the law of breach of confidence ;

Superior information , legally obtained , is , however , considered fundamental to stock market trading .
superior information , legally [got] , is , however , considered fundamental to stock market trading .

So there are real benefits to be obtained in preventing [ insider dealing ] …
so there are real benefits to be [got] in preventing [ insider dealing ] …

he has knowingly obtained ( whether directly or indirectly ) that information from another individual who is connected with that company , or was at any time in the six months preceding the obtaining of that information , so connected , and who the tippee knows or has reasonable cause to believe , held the information by virtue of being so connected ; and he
he has knowingly [got] ( whether directly or indirectly ) that information from another individual who is connected with that company , or was at any time in the six months preceding the obtaining of that information , so connected , and who the tippee knows or has reasonable cause to believe , held the information by virtue of being so connected ; and he

The meaning of ‘ obtained ’ in s.1 ( 3 ) has been the subject of prolonged debate in the courts recently .
the meaning of ‘ [got] ’ in s.1 ( 3 ) has been the subject of prolonged debate in the courts recently .

In Attorney General 's Reference ( No 1 of 1988 ) , the question before the House of Lords was whether ‘ obtained ’ within the context of s.1 ( 3 ) could include the passive receipt of information , or whether that information had to be procured by endeavour .
in attorney general 's reference ( no 1 of 1988 ) , the question before the house of lords was whether ‘ [got] ’ within the context of s.1 ( 3 ) could include the passive receipt of information , or whether that information had to be procured by endeavour .

The word ‘ obtained ’ had to be given its broader meaning ie .
the word ‘ [got] ’ had to be given its broader meaning ie .

In keeping with the rationale of the legislation , the effect of the House of Lords ruling was to make guilty a tippee who knowingly traded in shares on the basis of unpublished price sensitive information , regardless of how the information was obtained .
in keeping with the rationale of the legislation , the effect of the house of lords ruling was to make guilty a tippee who knowingly traded in shares on the basis of unpublished price sensitive information , regardless of how the information was [got] .

obtained by him in the course of a business of a market maker in those securities in which he was engaged or employed , and
[got] by him in the course of a business of a market maker in those securities in which he was engaged or employed , and

It will be interesting to see whether this trend will be followed if convictions are obtained in the Blue Arrow trial and the Barlow Clowes Affair .
it will be interesting to see whether this trend will be followed if convictions are [got] in the blue arrow trial and the barlow clowes affair .

In Regal ( Hastings ) v. Gulliver , it was held that any profit made by a director as a result of the misuse of confidential information , which he had obtained by virtue of his position as an insider , was liable to account for that profit to the company .
in regal ( hastings ) v. gulliver , it was held that any profit made by a director as a result of the misuse of confidential information , which he had [got] by virtue of his position as an insider , was liable to account for that profit to the company .

Initially then , while the insider trading prohibition was directed only at persons connected with the company whose securities were in question , the Cady , Roberts decision broadened the scope of the law considerably to extend to , in this example , a trust officer who traded on the basis of inside information he had obtained from an insider .
initially then , while the insider trading prohibition was directed only at persons connected with the company whose securities were in question , the cady , roberts decision broadened the scope of the law considerably to extend to , in this example , a trust officer who traded on the basis of inside information he had [got] from an insider .

Instead it adopted an expansive interpretation , requiring anyone who obtained possession of material nonpublic information from a corporation to disclose this information to the market .
instead it adopted an expansive interpretation , requiring anyone who [got] possession of material nonpublic information from a corporation to disclose this information to the market .

The discriminant functions obtained were used to predict the site of the primary tumour in the samples and the results compared with the actual primary diagnosis for each patient .
the discriminant functions [got] were used to predict the site of the primary tumour in the samples and the results compared with the actual primary diagnosis for each patient .

The protocol was approved by the central Oxford research and ethics committee , and informed consent was obtained from all participants .
the protocol was approved by the central oxford research and ethics committee , and informed consent was [got] from all participants .

β cell function and insulin sensitivity measured by homeostatic model assessment have been shown to correlate with measures obtained by hyperglycaemic clamp and euglycaemic clamp .
β cell function and insulin sensitivity measured by homeostatic model assessment have been shown to correlate with measures [got] by hyperglycaemic clamp and euglycaemic clamp .

The close correlation between the data obtained from these two sources suggests that recall error is unlikely to be a confounding factor .
the close correlation between the data [got] from these two sources suggests that recall error is unlikely to be a confounding factor .

Our results pertain to a sample of 101 subjects , in many of whom the birth weight was obtained by maternal recall .
our results pertain to a sample of 101 subjects , in many of whom the birth weight was [got] by maternal recall .

The data were obtained from the Canadian Hemophilia Registry .
the data were [got] from the canadian hemophilia registry .

Such assessments should be nationally obtained from research units and available to all prescribers .
such assessments should be nationally [got] from research units and available to all prescribers .

When we obtained a copy of this draft in December 1991 we were concerned at its inadequacies and apparently wilful distortions and submitted a detailed critique to the college .
when we [got] a copy of this draft in december 1991 we were concerned at its inadequacies and apparently wilful distortions and submitted a detailed critique to the college .

The material you use for the tread can also vary tread height : if you want to use traditional paving slabs , they can be obtained in varying thicknesses , from about 25 to 50mm ( 1 to 2″ ) thick .
the material you use for the tread can also vary tread height : if you want to use traditional paving slabs , they can be [got] in varying thicknesses , from about 25 to 50mm ( 1 to 2″ ) thick .

Funds obtained by this method are not limited in their use to balance of payments difficulties .
funds [got] by this method are not limited in their use to balance of payments difficulties .

Worthington obtained a copy for him and suggested Bruges as the title for the Group ( he later became its parliamentary liaison officer ) .
worthington [got] a copy for him and suggested bruges as the title for the group ( he later became its parliamentary liaison officer ) .

If sexual satisfaction is obtained , there will be some reduction in sexual over-valuation for a time , but where there is no sexual activity , then the over-valuation can increase , and the functions of the ego ideal cease to operate .
if sexual satisfaction is [got] , there will be some reduction in sexual over-valuation for a time , but where there is no sexual activity , then the over-valuation can increase , and the functions of the ego ideal cease to operate .

Freud 's technique of using material obtained from patients to help to understand the emotions of what he called ‘ primitives ’ does seem a way into the otherwise obscure area of other cultures ' sentiments .
freud 's technique of using material [got] from patients to help to understand the emotions of what he called ‘ primitives ’ does seem a way into the otherwise obscure area of other cultures ' sentiments .

The satisfaction may be deflected or inhibited after a certain degree of it has been obtained , and then Freud speaks of ‘ instincts which are inhibited in respect of their aim ’ .
the satisfaction may be deflected or inhibited after a certain degree of it has been [got] , and then freud speaks of ‘ instincts which are inhibited in respect of their aim ’ .

By the time we reached the rock promontory from which the classic view of Wen Zawn is obtained , the mist was slowly being burned away and the sun was rapidly drying out that awesome looking slab .
by the time we reached the rock promontory from which the classic view of wen zawn is [got] , the mist was slowly being burned away and the sun was rapidly drying out that awesome looking slab .

Isabella recovered her lands , which were augmented by additional grants worth about £9,000 , including Despenser 's lordship of Glamorgan ; she also obtained the younger Despenser 's movables , plate and jewels .
isabella recovered her lands , which were augmented by additional grants worth about £9,000 , including despenser 's lordship of glamorgan ; she also [got] the younger despenser 's movables , plate and jewels .

In 1326 Scotland and France had concluded a new alliance , the Treaty of Corbeil , under which the French , while not being required to take military action on behalf of the Scots in any future conflict with England , agreed to give them diplomatic support , while the French obtained from the Scots an agreement to attack England in the event of war between the French and the English .
in 1326 scotland and france had concluded a new alliance , the treaty of corbeil , under which the french , while not being required to take military action on behalf of the scots in any future conflict with england , agreed to give them diplomatic support , while the french [got] from the scots an agreement to attack england in the event of war between the french and the english .

Archbishop Stratford maintained in 1341 that in March 1337 the king obtained the assent of parliament to go to war against Philip of France .
archbishop stratford maintained in 1341 that in march 1337 the king [got] the assent of parliament to go to war against philip of france .

In July 1337 , after a series of negotiations with the wool merchants , the king obtained an agreement under which a select group of wealthy merchants would be empowered to buy up and export 30,000 sacks of wool .
in july 1337 , after a series of negotiations with the wool merchants , the king [got] an agreement under which a select group of wealthy merchants would be empowered to buy up and export 30,000 sacks of wool .

With help from Writtle Agricultural College and Essex Farming and Wildlife Advisory Group , a grant was obtained under the Ministry of Agriculture 's countryside initiative .
with help from writtle agricultural college and essex farming and wildlife advisory group , a grant was [got] under the ministry of agriculture 's countryside initiative .

However , in England and Wales this information can be obtained from the Land Registry only with the permission of the landowner .
however , in england and wales this information can be [got] from the land registry only with the permission of the landowner .

The mineral rights to the noble metals , gold and silver , in most of Britain are owned by the Crown , and a licence for the exploration and development of these metals must be obtained from the Crown Estate Commissioners through the Crown Mineral Agent .
the mineral rights to the noble metals , gold and silver , in most of britain are owned by the crown , and a licence for the exploration and development of these metals must be [got] from the crown estate commissioners through the crown mineral agent .

Permission must generally be obtained from the surface owner to gain access to land for prospecting , geological mapping and geochemical and geophysical surveying .
permission must generally be [got] from the surface owner to gain access to land for prospecting , geological mapping and geochemical and geophysical surveying .

Access to quite large areas can be obtained in this way and negotiations may be held with estate officers used to legal agreements .
access to quite large areas can be [got] in this way and negotiations may be held with estate officers used to legal agreements .

Information or advice on these can be obtained from the Occupational Health Department .
information or advice on these can be [got] from the occupational health department .

Entry forms and further details of the competition can be obtained from Company Secretary Robert Armour at Peel Park .
entry forms and further details of the competition can be [got] from company secretary robert armour at peel park .

Forms of application for registration as a Local Centre may be obtained on application to the Board .
forms of application for registration as a local centre may be [got] on application to the board .

Forms of application for registration as a Local Centre may be obtained on application to the Board .
forms of application for registration as a local centre may be [got] on application to the board .

Entries must be made on special forms which can be obtained on application to the Board .
entries must be made on special forms which can be [got] on application to the board .

The design and operation of the Elective programme was based on the experience gained from the successful results obtained in the running of our college-based programme at National Certificate level .
the design and operation of the elective programme was based on the experience gained from the successful results [got] in the running of our college-based programme at national certificate level .

He observed that , ‘ mixing participants with knowledge of staff development and unitised systems with staff with no previous experience allowed the views of both trainers and trainees to be obtained during the trial testing of the workshops ’ .
he observed that , ‘ mixing participants with knowledge of staff development and unitised systems with staff with no previous experience allowed the views of both trainers and trainees to be [got] during the trial testing of the workshops ’ .

The Employment Department has responsibility for the dissemination of information on the comparability exercise in the United Kingdom . An explanatory leaflet and the Information Sheets mentioned , together with further information , can be obtained from
the employment department has responsibility for the dissemination of information on the comparability exercise in the united kingdom . an explanatory leaflet and the information sheets mentioned , together with further information , can be [got] from

The Department of Trade and Industry has published a very useful document on mutual recognition ‘ Europe Open for Professionals ’ which can be obtained free of charge by telephoning .
the department of trade and industry has published a very useful document on mutual recognition ‘ europe open for professionals ’ which can be [got] free of charge by telephoning .

Copies of these translations ( and the English original ) may be obtained free of charge from the Publications Unit ( ) .
copies of these translations ( and the english original ) may be [got] free of charge from the publications unit ( ) .

Funding has been obtained for a vocational exchange between catering students from Telford and Lyon in France .
funding has been [got] for a vocational exchange between catering students from telford and lyon in france .

Further information on the Group Awards Development Programme may be obtained by telephoning .
further information on the group awards development programme may be [got] by telephoning .

Further information on any issue relating to workplace assessment may be obtained from .
further information on any issue relating to workplace assessment may be [got] from .

Individuals'/groups ' perceptions of progress and difficulties/successes are obtained
individuals'/groups ' perceptions of progress and difficulties/successes are [got]

An update on the awards in this category can be obtained from .
an update on the awards in this category can be [got] from .

If the Policyholder does not wish the item replaced but requests a cash settlement , we must make it clear that this is not really a policy entitlement and our offer should be restricted to the price it would have cost us to replace taking into account any discount we would have obtained .
if the policyholder does not wish the item replaced but requests a cash settlement , we must make it clear that this is not really a policy entitlement and our offer should be restricted to the price it would have cost us to replace taking into account any discount we would have [got] .

If so , full details of the lay-out of the Policyholder 's house should be obtained .
if so , full details of the lay-out of the policyholder 's house should be [got] .

An estimate for repair should be obtained where appropriate .
an estimate for repair should be [got] where appropriate .

However , if it is felt that the estimate is excessive , an alternative estimate should be obtained .
however , if it is felt that the estimate is excessive , an alternative estimate should be [got] .

Where claims are settled on the basis of of an invoice , the original invoice should be obtained and kept on the claim file . However the following exceptions are acceptable : —
where claims are settled on the basis of of an invoice , the original invoice should be [got] and kept on the claim file . however the following exceptions are acceptable : —

Free copies can be obtained by indicating on the reply paid card .
free copies can be [got] by indicating on the reply paid card .

court of appeal decision : unfavourable medical reports obtained confidentially by a plaintiff for the purposes of personal injury litigation which were inadvertently disclosed on discovery to the defendant could be used by them at the trial .
court of appeal decision : unfavourable medical reports [got] confidentially by a plaintiff for the purposes of personal injury litigation which were inadvertently disclosed on discovery to the defendant could be used by them at the trial .

an act done with the authority of the owner could amount to an appropriation of goods for the purposes of the theft act 1968 where such authority or ‘ consent had been obtained by deception .
an act done with the authority of the owner could amount to an appropriation of goods for the purposes of the theft act 1968 where such authority or ‘ consent had been [got] by deception .

Claims for Fire , Vandalism , Accident Damage ( Partial Losses ) Plant Safety must be instructed and an Engineer 's Report obtained where the damage is known to be of a mechanical or electrical nature , or affects such parts of the machine as may be subject to load testing or Statutory Certification .
claims for fire , vandalism , accident damage ( partial losses ) plant safety must be instructed and an engineer 's report [got] where the damage is known to be of a mechanical or electrical nature , or affects such parts of the machine as may be subject to load testing or statutory certification .

should be obtained if possible .
should be [got] if possible .

If an original receipt is obtained and the Claimant requests it 's return , then the receipt should be stamped with an official stamp and a claim number .
if an original receipt is [got] and the claimant requests it 's return , then the receipt should be stamped with an official stamp and a claim number .

An estimate for repair should be obtained or the repairer should be contacted to confirm a repair is not possible .
an estimate for repair should be [got] or the repairer should be contacted to confirm a repair is not possible .

There are various ways in which a recovery can be obtained : —
there are various ways in which a recovery can be [got] : —

In the event of loss or damage to checked baggage , a Property Irregularity Report must be obtained from the airline in question , within seven days to comply with the Carriage By Air Act ( Warsaw Convention ) .
in the event of loss or damage to checked baggage , a property irregularity report must be [got] from the airline in question , within seven days to comply with the carriage by air act ( warsaw convention ) .

Fraudulent bills and hospital accounts can be obtained in India , Africa , etc .
fraudulent bills and hospital accounts can be [got] in india , africa , etc .

Proof of outlay should be obtained in every instance .
proof of outlay should be [got] in every instance .

Proof of outlay should be obtained in every instance .
proof of outlay should be [got] in every instance .

, then statements of eye-witnesses must be obtained .
, then statements of eye-witnesses must be [got] .

Once eye-witness statements have been obtained then proceed to obtain statements relative to systems of inspection , complaints procedures , etc .
once eye-witness statements have been [got] then proceed to obtain statements relative to systems of inspection , complaints procedures , etc .

It is most helpful with regard to such precognitions to state the full name , address and , if relevant , telephone number of the witness in question , together with intimation of the date on which the particular statement was obtained . Also to be obtained , in all cases , is written documentation viz : —
it is most helpful with regard to such precognitions to state the full name , address and , if relevant , telephone number of the witness in question , together with intimation of the date on which the particular statement was [got] . also to be [got] , in all cases , is written documentation viz : —

Full pre and post accident details are to be obtained .
full pre and post accident details are to be [got] .

This is prepared by the pursuer 's agents and is a statement of the pursuer 's case and the defender 's response , now including any alterations known as adjustments , made in course of the Adjustment Period , thus for example , if one has obtained a Medical Report which suggests that the pursuer is exaggerating his injuries and that he should have returned to work earlier than he did , appropriate statement to that effect should have been included in the Adjustment Period and will now be incorporated in the Closed Record .
this is prepared by the pursuer 's agents and is a statement of the pursuer 's case and the defender 's response , now including any alterations known as adjustments , made in course of the adjustment period , thus for example , if one has [got] a medical report which suggests that the pursuer is exaggerating his injuries and that he should have returned to work earlier than he did , appropriate statement to that effect should have been included in the adjustment period and will now be incorporated in the closed record .

The up to date Medical Report should be obtained now so as to allow adequate time for a Minute of Amendment or other investigation before the Proof .
the up to date medical report should be [got] now so as to allow adequate time for a minute of amendment or other investigation before the proof .

The appeal provisions are , however , different in that in such an action , leave to appeal is required and must be obtained within seven days of the date of judgement .
the appeal provisions are , however , different in that in such an action , leave to appeal is required and must be [got] within seven days of the date of judgement .

Copies can also be obtained by telephoning Historic Scotland on .
copies can also be [got] by telephoning historic scotland on .

British Gas sponsorship was obtained for a comprehensive survey of client needs and perceptions of architects .
british gas sponsorship was [got] for a comprehensive survey of client needs and perceptions of architects .

The Marketing Committee is making good use of the information obtained and held a successful ‘ Survival Workshop ’ .
the marketing committee is making good use of the information [got] and held a successful ‘ survival workshop ’ .

Home income schemes involved using funds obtained via a mortgage to be re-invested to pay off the loan and provide additional income .
home income schemes involved using funds [got] via a mortgage to be re-invested to pay off the loan and provide additional income .

But the Act may be rendered inoperative if , before the lease was granted , the original landlord and original tenant agreed that the Act would not apply and obtained a Court order to that effect .
but the act may be rendered inoperative if , before the lease was granted , the original landlord and original tenant agreed that the act would not apply and [got] a court order to that effect .

Further information on any of the items mentioned may be obtained from the contacts and the bibliography given at the end of the review .
further information on any of the items mentioned may be [got] from the contacts and the bibliography given at the end of the review .

Additional guarantees of payment can be obtained when the bill of exchange or promissory note is used in conjunction with a letter of credit or supporting bank guarantee .
additional guarantees of payment can be [got] when the bill of exchange or promissory note is used in conjunction with a letter of credit or supporting bank guarantee .

After a review both the trade and Customs accept that the current legal framework continues to provide a broadly satisfactory distinction between categories that are and are n't excluded from zero-rating for food , Customs said — even though originally there was concern over confusion about the correct interpretation of food products ‘ obtained by the swelling of cereals ’ .
after a review both the trade and customs accept that the current legal framework continues to provide a broadly satisfactory distinction between categories that are and are n't excluded from zero-rating for food , customs said — even though originally there was concern over confusion about the correct interpretation of food products ‘ [got] by the swelling of cereals ’ .

However , the author , Bodipala Wijeysinghe , has now made the computer disc available to Hospitality readers and it can be obtained from Iris Tworogal at , , price £10 .
however , the author , bodipala wijeysinghe , has now made the computer disc available to hospitality readers and it can be [got] from iris tworogal at , , price £10 .

We have to recognise it for what it is ; to see it as a way of generating understanding and knowledge , yielding ideas and theories which are accepted for as long as they help our understanding of evidence , but which are constantly superseded and changed when new evidence is obtained which conflicts with them .
we have to recognise it for what it is ; to see it as a way of generating understanding and knowledge , yielding ideas and theories which are accepted for as long as they help our understanding of evidence , but which are constantly superseded and changed when new evidence is [got] which conflicts with them .

Much work requires to be done — overgrowing trees on the Baberton Avenue side removed , boundary fences repaired , more ash obtained and the pavilion brought up to acceptable standards .
much work requires to be done — overgrowing trees on the baberton avenue side removed , boundary fences repaired , more ash [got] and the pavilion brought up to acceptable standards .

Further copies of the consumer factsheets can be obtained from my Consumer Education Project Co-ordinator , Rena Jamieson , on 469–5469 .
further copies of the consumer factsheets can be [got] from my consumer education project co-ordinator , rena jamieson , on 469–5469 .

Consent for extraction would be obtained from the Crown Estates Commissioners for Scotland through the Government View Procedure .
consent for extraction would be [got] from the crown estates commissioners for scotland through the government view procedure .

Further information about the Council 's Scheme of Early Retiral and Voluntary Severance can be obtained from Mrs Mary Hynd .
further information about the council 's scheme of early retiral and voluntary severance can be [got] from mrs mary hynd .

Copies of this statute can be obtained from any branch of Her Majesty 's Stationery Office .
copies of this statute can be [got] from any branch of her majesty 's stationery office .

The formaldehyde solution should be used in a stronger format than with non infected cases and information regarding the ratio should be obtained from your supplier beforehand .
the formaldehyde solution should be used in a stronger format than with non infected cases and information regarding the ratio should be [got] from your supplier beforehand .

reported that a quotation for insurance cover for all members had been obtained at 3.50 per head .
reported that a quotation for insurance cover for all members had been [got] at 3.50 per head .

These have been very well received by all who have obtained copies , tutors , examiners and students .
these have been very well received by all who have [got] copies , tutors , examiners and students .

He obtained directions on how to leave Whitechapel .
he [got] directions on how to leave whitechapel .

Advice about eligibility for registration with the Council may be obtained from the General Medical Council .
advice about eligibility for registration with the council may be [got] from the general medical council .

It can be obtained by contacting the department 's Admissions Secretary .
it can be [got] by contacting the department 's admissions secretary .

In the ancient Near East similar conditions obtained and in a parallel manner divine despots became leaders of authoritarian welfare states .
in the ancient near east similar conditions [got] and in a parallel manner divine despots became leaders of authoritarian welfare states .

Information leaflets on financial and other matters may be obtained from The Advice Place run by the Students ' Association ( see below ) .
information leaflets on financial and other matters may be [got] from the advice place run by the students ' association ( see below ) .

Details may be obtained from the appropriate faculty .
details may be [got] from the appropriate faculty .

Passes counting towards entrance requirements must be obtained at no more than two sittings of examinations .
passes counting towards entrance requirements must be [got] at no more than two sittings of examinations .

Qualifications obtained some years previously are not automatically acceptable , and applicants are strongly advised to seek advice from the relevant faculty office before applying .
qualifications [got] some years previously are not automatically acceptable , and applicants are strongly advised to seek advice from the relevant faculty office before applying .

All applicants are advised of the fees to be charged when offered a place , and an up-to-date statement of any later changes can be obtained by writing to Faculty Offices from March onwards .
all applicants are advised of the fees to be charged when offered a place , and an up-to-date statement of any later changes can be [got] by writing to faculty offices from march onwards .

Information about all these activities may be obtained from the Concert Secretary at the Faculty of Music Offices .
information about all these activities may be [got] from the concert secretary at the faculty of music offices .

Many enter research , especially in the pharmaceutical , agricultural and food industries , depending on their specialisation and interest , and a common route for doing this is a higher degree , obtained either at Edinburgh or at another university in Britain or abroad .
many enter research , especially in the pharmaceutical , agricultural and food industries , depending on their specialisation and interest , and a common route for doing this is a higher degree , [got] either at edinburgh or at another university in britain or abroad .

The grades shown above for course requirement purposes should normally be obtained at the first attempt , but the Selection Committee may waive this requirement in exceptional cases , eg mature students showing academic ability and strong motivation , or on compassionate grounds .
the grades shown above for course requirement purposes should normally be [got] at the first attempt , but the selection committee may waive this requirement in exceptional cases , eg mature students showing academic ability and strong motivation , or on compassionate grounds .

Zen gave a satisfied smile , as though he had obtained a damning admission .
zen gave a satisfied smile , as though he had [got] a damning admission .

That would just leave time for the necessary visas to be obtained .
that would just leave time for the necessary visas to be [got] .

Having obtained access to the higher ranks of the bureaucracy , an official 's career within it is helped by links of kinship , friendship and values .
having [got] access to the higher ranks of the bureaucracy , an official 's career within it is helped by links of kinship , friendship and values .

But it is still found that entry qualifications for the bureaucracy are disproportionately obtained by the children of skilled and professional groups , not workers and peasants , so the emergence of a new kind of bourgeoisie seems inevitable ( Barnett 1967 ) .
but it is still found that entry qualifications for the bureaucracy are disproportionately [got] by the children of skilled and professional groups , not workers and peasants , so the emergence of a new kind of bourgeoisie seems inevitable ( barnett 1967 ) .

Second , the revenues obtained by bureaus come wholly or substantially from grants made by the sponsoring authority rather than from sales .
second , the revenues [got] by bureaus come wholly or substantially from grants made by the sponsoring authority rather than from sales .

Resources have to be obtained and deployed by bureaus .
resources have to be [got] and deployed by bureaus .

‘ The Sunday Herald has obtained evidence that a British diplomat working in our consulate in West Berlin is a spy , ’ the article began .
‘ the sunday herald has [got] evidence that a british diplomat working in our consulate in west berlin is a spy , ’ the article began .

Specimens of the colorectal mucosa were obtained just after their surgical excision .
specimens of the colorectal mucosa were [got] just after their surgical excision .

Specimens obtained by endoscopy and treated in vitro with arginine must be less than 1 mm thick and 5 mm wide to obtain a reliable labelling index , and are usually composed obliquely cut crypts in histological sections .
specimens [got] by endoscopy and treated in vitro with arginine must be less than 1 mm thick and 5 mm wide to obtain a reliable labelling index , and are usually composed obliquely cut crypts in histological sections .

Values of packed cell count , haemoglobin , urea , glucose , creatinine , and electrolytes were obtained at admission .
values of packed cell count , haemoglobin , urea , glucose , creatinine , and electrolytes were [got] at admission .

The efficacy of the heater probe was assessed with the results obtained at the first attempt .
the efficacy of the heater probe was assessed with the results [got] at the first attempt .

Fullarton et al obtained definitive haemostasis in 20 ( 100 % ) of the treated patients v 22 % failures in the control group ( p=0.05 ) .
fullarton et al [got] definitive haemostasis in 20 ( 100 % ) of the treated patients v 22 % failures in the control group ( p=0.05 ) .

Specimens of normal colon , colonic adenoma , and colon carcinoma were obtained from biopsies and resected specimens submitted to the Department of Pathology , University of Aberdeen , for diagnostic purposes .
specimens of normal colon , colonic adenoma , and colon carcinoma were [got] from biopsies and resected specimens submitted to the department of pathology , university of aberdeen , for diagnostic purposes .

Biopsy specimens of normal colon were obtained from patients without any evidence of colonic neoplasia .
biopsy specimens of normal colon were [got] from patients without any evidence of colonic neoplasia .

Informed consent was obtained , and endoscopy performed using 3–7 mg midazolam intravenously for sedation .
informed consent was [got] , and endoscopy performed using 3–7 mg midazolam intravenously for sedation .

Nine further specimens , including two colonoscopic biopsy specimens , were obtained from patients with ulcerative colitis , all of whom were receiving steroid treatment .
nine further specimens , including two colonoscopic biopsy specimens , were [got] from patients with ulcerative colitis , all of whom were receiving steroid treatment .

This study was approved by the ethical committee of St George 's Hospital Medical School and informed consent was obtained from all subjects .
this study was approved by the ethical committee of st george 's hospital medical school and informed consent was [got] from all subjects .

From each of the oesophagus ( lower third ) , stomach ( fundus and antrum ) , duodenum ( second portion ) , jejunum ( within 50 cm form the Treitz ligament ) , ileum ( within 50 cm from the ileocaecal valve ) , colon ( mid-transverse ) , and rectum ( lower part ) , three specimens , measuring 3 or 4 cm long and 0.5 cm wide and including all the layers of the wall , were obtained and embedded in paraffin wax .
from each of the oesophagus ( lower third ) , stomach ( fundus and antrum ) , duodenum ( second portion ) , jejunum ( within 50 cm form the treitz ligament ) , ileum ( within 50 cm from the ileocaecal valve ) , colon ( mid-transverse ) , and rectum ( lower part ) , three specimens , measuring 3 or 4 cm long and 0.5 cm wide and including all the layers of the wall , were [got] and embedded in paraffin wax .

All specimens in these control patients were taken from a site at least 5 cm from any macroscopic abnormality , and adjacent mucosal specimens , which were normal on histological examination were obtained in all .
all specimens in these control patients were taken from a site at least 5 cm from any macroscopic abnormality , and adjacent mucosal specimens , which were normal on histological examination were [got] in all .

Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy and colonoscopy were macroscopically normal and mucosal biopsy specimens were obtained .
upper gastrointestinal endoscopy and colonoscopy were macroscopically normal and mucosal biopsy specimens were [got] .

Peroral jejunal biopsy specimens were obtained by a Watson capsule from the area of the ligament of Traitz under fluoroscopic control .
peroral jejunal biopsy specimens were [got] by a watson capsule from the area of the ligament of traitz under fluoroscopic control .

Blood specimens were obtained from each child by venepuncture at the time of vaccination and then 4 to 6 weeks and 13 to 17 months later .
blood specimens were [got] from each child by venepuncture at the time of vaccination and then 4 to 6 weeks and 13 to 17 months later .

Of the 806 children enrolled in the study , we obtained a second serum specimen from 714 ( 88.6 % ) 4–6 weeks after vaccination , and a third specimen from 164 ( 23 % ) 13–17 months later .
of the 806 children enrolled in the study , we [got] a second serum specimen from 714 ( 88.6 % ) 4–6 weeks after vaccination , and a third specimen from 164 ( 23 % ) 13–17 months later .

Moreover , this benefit is largely additive to that of thrombolysis and can be obtained with a slightly increased risk of minor bleeding and no increased risk of cerebral haemorrhage .
moreover , this benefit is largely additive to that of thrombolysis and can be [got] with a slightly increased risk of minor bleeding and no increased risk of cerebral haemorrhage .

ECGs should be obtained in all family members when the index case presents with symptoms .
ecgs should be [got] in all family members when the index case presents with symptoms .

Assuming a single positive in the samples tested , the screening multiple ( the ratio between the screening rate and the screening load ) also increases exponentially ( at a rate n/2n+3 ) and in a 2020 array is 400/43 or 9.3 , meaning information is obtained on 9.3 samples for every one tested .
assuming a single positive in the samples tested , the screening multiple ( the ratio between the screening rate and the screening load ) also increases exponentially ( at a rate n/2n+3 ) and in a 2020 array is 400/43 or 9.3 , meaning information is [got] on 9.3 samples for every one tested .

To examine these issues , Lehtinen and co-workers obtained serum samples from 28 patients with incident cervical cancer who were admitted to Helsinki University Hospital , Finland .
to examine these issues , lehtinen and co-workers [got] serum samples from 28 patients with incident cervical cancer who were admitted to helsinki university hospital , finland .

Serum samples were obtained both before treatment and at regular intervals during follow-up of up to 15 months .
serum samples were [got] both before treatment and at regular intervals during follow-up of up to 15 months .

Experimental protocols were approved by local Ethics Committees and informed consent was obtained ; biopsy procedures were performed at routine sigmoidoscopy .
experimental protocols were approved by local ethics committees and informed consent was [got] ; biopsy procedures were performed at routine sigmoidoscopy .

The following indices were recorded during ramp inflation : ( 1 ) the rectal pressure/volume relationship ( pressures recorded during inflation of the balloon outside the body were subtracted from the values obtained in situ ) ; ( 2 ) the frequency and amplitude of rectal contractions ; ( 3 ) maximum distension volumes .
the following indices were recorded during ramp inflation : ( 1 ) the rectal pressure/volume relationship ( pressures recorded during inflation of the balloon outside the body were subtracted from the values [got] in situ ) ; ( 2 ) the frequency and amplitude of rectal contractions ; ( 3 ) maximum distension volumes .

The statistical significance of the differences in pressure obtained was assessed using analysis of variance followed by Sheffe 's method for multiple comparison .
the statistical significance of the differences in pressure [got] was assessed using analysis of variance followed by sheffe 's method for multiple comparison .

Images were obtained from all subjects lying supine , within the scanner , in the transverse or coronal planes at the height of the gastric antrum .
images were [got] from all subjects lying supine , within the scanner , in the transverse or coronal planes at the height of the gastric antrum .

The best image resolution was obtained from transverse images because of the orientation of the resonance frequency coils .
the best image resolution was [got] from transverse images because of the orientation of the resonance frequency coils .

Liver specimens were obtained by percutaneous needle biopsy with a Menghini needle .
liver specimens were [got] by percutaneous needle biopsy with a menghini needle .

Follow up information was obtained from out patient clinical notes .
follow up information was [got] from out patient clinical notes .

In addition all patients in whom a histological diagnosis was not obtained at the initial admission to hospital had follow up information obtained by consultation with their general practitioners .
in addition all patients in whom a histological diagnosis was not [got] at the initial admission to hospital had follow up information [got] by consultation with their general practitioners .

The high sensitivities obtained in some centres would suggest that it is technically feasible to obtain tissue confirmation by cytology in all patients with hilar strictures .
the high sensitivities [got] in some centres would suggest that it is technically feasible to obtain tissue confirmation by cytology in all patients with hilar strictures .

Approval was obtained from the local Ethical Committee in each centre .
approval was [got] from the local ethical committee in each centre .

In each case rebleeding was seen to take place below the staple line , suggesting perhaps that while the oesophageal transection was satisfactory better results could conceivably be obtained with a more radical gastric devascularisation .
in each case rebleeding was seen to take place below the staple line , suggesting perhaps that while the oesophageal transection was satisfactory better results could conceivably be [got] with a more radical gastric devascularisation .

It seems probable that even less satisfactory results would be obtained by surgeons with lesser experience .
it seems probable that even less satisfactory results would be [got] by surgeons with lesser experience .

The study was approved by the local Ethics Committee and informed written consent was obtained from all subjects .
the study was approved by the local ethics committee and informed written consent was [got] from all subjects .

In their study of patients with peptic ulcer , Schmitz and Renooij report the presence of cardiolipin in quantities comparable with the phosphatidylglycerol values we obtained in chronic atrophic gastritis .
in their study of patients with peptic ulcer , schmitz and renooij report the presence of cardiolipin in quantities comparable with the phosphatidylglycerol values we [got] in chronic atrophic gastritis .

Hospital Ethical Committee approval was obtained .
hospital ethical committee approval was [got] .

Twenty six mucosal specimens were obtained from 25 patients who had palliative or radical surgery for gastric adenocarcinoma ( n=19 ) , pancreatic adenocarcinoma ( n=2 ) , or oesophageal squamous carcinoma ( n=4 ) .
twenty six mucosal specimens were [got] from 25 patients who had palliative or radical surgery for gastric adenocarcinoma ( n=19 ) , pancreatic adenocarcinoma ( n=2 ) , or oesophageal squamous carcinoma ( n=4 ) .

All surgical specimens were obtained immediately after resection , opened longitudinally , rinsed , examined for gross morphological changes , and a representative full thickness sample obtained .
all surgical specimens were [got] immediately after resection , opened longitudinally , rinsed , examined for gross morphological changes , and a representative full thickness sample [got] .

Bile obtained by aspiration from the gall bladders of anesthetised rabbits contained bile acids in a concentration of 8.8 ( 2.3 ) mmol/l .
bile [got] by aspiration from the gall bladders of anesthetised rabbits contained bile acids in a concentration of 8.8 ( 2.3 ) mmol/l .

To determine whether proliferative patterns in flat rectal mucosal samples can predict the recurrence of adenomatous colorectal polyps , after polypectomy , rectal mucosal specimens removed from the lesions obtained at endoscopy from 55 patients diagnosed for the first time as having adenomatous colorectal polyps .
to determine whether proliferative patterns in flat rectal mucosal samples can predict the recurrence of adenomatous colorectal polyps , after polypectomy , rectal mucosal specimens removed from the lesions [got] at endoscopy from 55 patients diagnosed for the first time as having adenomatous colorectal polyps .

By contrast , opposite results were obtained in a recent study , with a very poor response to the polymeric diet .
by contrast , opposite results were [got] in a recent study , with a very poor response to the polymeric diet .

The different results obtained with the peptide diet used in our study are unlikely to be a consequence of the different protein composition .
the different results [got] with the peptide diet used in our study are unlikely to be a consequence of the different protein composition .

Further improvement in the diagnostic accuracy may be obtained by repeated sampling .
further improvement in the diagnostic accuracy may be [got] by repeated sampling .

The tissue obtained may be too small for histological examination but satisfactory for cytology .
the tissue [got] may be too small for histological examination but satisfactory for cytology .

Hospital discharge data were obtained from the Finnish National Agency for Welfare and Health , the causes of deaths from the Finnish State Statistics , and annual alcohol consumption from the Finnish State Alcohol Company .
hospital discharge data were [got] from the finnish national agency for welfare and health , the causes of deaths from the finnish state statistics , and annual alcohol consumption from the finnish state alcohol company .

The number of deaths from pancreatitis was obtained from the annual statistics of causes of death in Finland .
the number of deaths from pancreatitis was [got] from the annual statistics of causes of death in finland .

Firstly , exact data on the overall population can be obtained from the annually updated census list based statistics .
firstly , exact data on the overall population can be [got] from the annually updated census list based statistics .

These discharge statistics can also be obtained separately in men and women in various age groups .
these discharge statistics can also be [got] separately in men and women in various age groups .

Also the number of deaths with various diagnoses can be obtained from the annually updated national statistics on the causes of death .
also the number of deaths with various diagnoses can be [got] from the annually updated national statistics on the causes of death .

Fifteen fetal and five infant stomachs were obtained from the University Department of Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynaecology , St James 's University Hospital , Leeds .
fifteen fetal and five infant stomachs were [got] from the university department of pathology and obstetrics and gynaecology , st james 's university hospital , leeds .

These goals were achieved as follows : ( a ) the outcome of patients entered into the surveillance programme was obtained from departmental records , patient case notes , histopathology reports , doctor supervising consultant or patient by clinic , letter or telephone ; ( b ) eligible patients with ulcerative colitis were identified from index cards used to document all colitis clinic patients , and review of notes of all patients attending the clinic for a 12 month period .
these goals were achieved as follows : ( a ) the outcome of patients entered into the surveillance programme was [got] from departmental records , patient case notes , histopathology reports , doctor supervising consultant or patient by clinic , letter or telephone ; ( b ) eligible patients with ulcerative colitis were identified from index cards used to document all colitis clinic patients , and review of notes of all patients attending the clinic for a 12 month period .

Using this information notes were obtained from the records departments .
using this information notes were [got] from the records departments .

Abnormal results were obtained for three of nine other patients referred for gastric emptying tests ( systemic sclerosis — 3 patients , gastro-oesophageal reflux — 2 patients , distal pancreatectomy — 2 patients , adult hypertrophic pyloric stenosis — 1 patient , chronic renal failure — 1 patient ) .
abnormal results were [got] for three of nine other patients referred for gastric emptying tests ( systemic sclerosis — 3 patients , gastro-oesophageal reflux — 2 patients , distal pancreatectomy — 2 patients , adult hypertrophic pyloric stenosis — 1 patient , chronic renal failure — 1 patient ) .

In this study the number and type of referrals , and the test methods and results have been obtained from contemporaneous files of duplicate request and result forms kept in the Department of Nuclear Medicine in which complete records are held .
in this study the number and type of referrals , and the test methods and results have been [got] from contemporaneous files of duplicate request and result forms kept in the department of nuclear medicine in which complete records are held .

Information obtained retrospectively from case notes is unreliable but generally the correspondence to be found in case notes showed the clinician 's reason for referring a patient and gave reliable clues to the prediction of the result .
information [got] retrospectively from case notes is unreliable but generally the correspondence to be found in case notes showed the clinician 's reason for referring a patient and gave reliable clues to the prediction of the result .

Thus , when considering macro- and microscopic data independently , the same results were obtained : mild acid pretreatment enhances mucosal resistance in the three experimental groups but changes are significantly more noticeable in linoleic or eicosapentaenoic acid supplemented groups than in oleic acid fed rats .
thus , when considering macro- and microscopic data independently , the same results were [got] : mild acid pretreatment enhances mucosal resistance in the three experimental groups but changes are significantly more noticeable in linoleic or eicosapentaenoic acid supplemented groups than in oleic acid fed rats .

This conclusion is based on the experimental results obtained with hexamethonium and lidocaine .
this conclusion is based on the experimental results [got] with hexamethonium and lidocaine .

On the Leicester Abbey estates , of which 75–80 per cent fell within the shire , rent income in 1408 was nearly a fifth lower than in 1341 , and by 1477 had fallen by almost a third on the 1341 figure , despite the fact that the proportion of income obtained from rent as opposed to production had risen .
on the leicester abbey estates , of which 75–80 per cent fell within the shire , rent income in 1408 was nearly a fifth lower than in 1341 , and by 1477 had fallen by almost a third on the 1341 figure , despite the fact that the proportion of income [got] from rent as opposed to production had risen .

The process of enclosures thus illustrates the limits to the security obtained by copyholders .
the process of enclosures thus illustrates the limits to the security [got] by copyholders .

Although such rescue excavation work can not be more than piecemeal , as sites become available , results already obtained have provided useful information on conditions of urban life , in the types of buildings where people lived , on the desertion of houses within towns and around them , and on the distribution of trades within the towns .
although such rescue excavation work can not be more than piecemeal , as sites become available , results already [got] have provided useful information on conditions of urban life , in the types of buildings where people lived , on the desertion of houses within towns and around them , and on the distribution of trades within the towns .

In 1404 the city obtained the right to have a mayor , but this was followed by conflicts , and in 1417 a new charter was granted , which established a civic constitution .
in 1404 the city [got] the right to have a mayor , but this was followed by conflicts , and in 1417 a new charter was granted , which established a civic constitution .

It obtained foodstuffs from the surrounding countryside , and supplied imported fish , wine and salt in return .
it [got] foodstuffs from the surrounding countryside , and supplied imported fish , wine and salt in return .

Fastolf sought , and obtained , compensation for this , admittedly ten years later , and also claimed a right to the ransoms of various merchants whom he had freed from Remon .
fastolf sought , and [got] , compensation for this , admittedly ten years later , and also claimed a right to the ransoms of various merchants whom he had freed from remon .

Ethical approval for both trials was obtained from the Ministry of Health of Ghana , and from the ethics committee of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine .
ethical approval for both trials was [got] from the ministry of health of ghana , and from the ethics committee of the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine .

However , we believe that our results may be more reliable than those obtained during tests such as walking or treadmill exercises .
however , we believe that our results may be more reliable than those [got] during tests such as walking or treadmill exercises .

We obtained baseline clinical and sociodemographic data by interviewing the patient and reviewing the notes within 72 h of admission .
we [got] baseline clinical and sociodemographic data by interviewing the patient and reviewing the notes within 72 h of admission .

Most important , we know of no other study of community-acquired pneumonia to have obtained follow-up over 2 years after discharge .
most important , we know of no other study of community-acquired pneumonia to have [got] follow-up over 2 years after discharge .

Furthermore , if the recently reported patency rates of 85 % obtained with front-loaded alteplase and conjunctive intravenous heparin can be linked with strategies to prevent reocclusion , the potential additional benefit that could be gained with engineered plasminogen activators might only be marginal .
furthermore , if the recently reported patency rates of 85 % [got] with front-loaded alteplase and conjunctive intravenous heparin can be linked with strategies to prevent reocclusion , the potential additional benefit that could be gained with engineered plasminogen activators might only be marginal .

In a pilot study with 10 mg recombinant staphylokinase given over 30 min to 5 patients with acute myocardial infarction , angiographically documented coronary artery recanalisation was obtained within 40 min in 4 patients .
in a pilot study with 10 mg recombinant staphylokinase given over 30 min to 5 patients with acute myocardial infarction , angiographically documented coronary artery recanalisation was [got] within 40 min in 4 patients .

In my experience , the information gleaned on the interview and physical examination is frequently as valuable as objective data obtained by diagnostic examination .
in my experience , the information gleaned on the interview and physical examination is frequently as valuable as objective data [got] by diagnostic examination .

Information was obtained on 289 patients previously on heparin ( 90.4 % of the analysable patients ) and in 280 controls ( 85.7 % ) .
information was [got] on 289 patients previously on heparin ( 90.4 % of the analysable patients ) and in 280 controls ( 85.7 % ) .

She has obtained planning permission for the change of use and has bought some of the equipment needed but has not yet started trading .
she has [got] planning permission for the change of use and has bought some of the equipment needed but has not yet started trading .

Answer guide : In this case the future benefit to be obtained is difficult to judge and may not exceed the rental .
answer guide : in this case the future benefit to be [got] is difficult to judge and may not exceed the rental .

Answer guide : An opportunity cost is defined as the maximum benefit which could be obtained from a resource if it were used for some alternative purpose than the opportunity under consideration .
answer guide : an opportunity cost is defined as the maximum benefit which could be [got] from a resource if it were used for some alternative purpose than the opportunity under consideration .

Specimens of subcutaneous tissue were obtained from 13 male and 1 female ( aged 43–77 years , mean 63 ) Dupuytren 's patients undergoing palmar fasciectomy .
specimens of subcutaneous tissue were [got] from 13 male and 1 female ( aged 43–77 years , mean 63 ) dupuytren 's patients undergoing palmar fasciectomy .

Control tissue was obtained by combining palmar fascia specimens excised from 3 male and 3 female ( aged 38–67 , mean 58 ) patients having carpal tunnel decompression .
control tissue was [got] by combining palmar fascia specimens excised from 3 male and 3 female ( aged 38–67 , mean 58 ) patients having carpal tunnel decompression .

Cytogenetic analysis always failed with coelomic fluid , but fetal sexing was always successful with fluorescence in-situ hybridisation and polymerase chain reaction , and the results agreed with those obtained from chorionic villi and amniotic fluid in all cases .
cytogenetic analysis always failed with coelomic fluid , but fetal sexing was always successful with fluorescence in-situ hybridisation and polymerase chain reaction , and the results agreed with those [got] from chorionic villi and amniotic fluid in all cases .

In 100 women with normal singleton pregnancies at 6–12 weeks ' gestation , written consent was obtained for coelocentesis and amniocentesis immediately before elective termination for psychological indications .
in 100 women with normal singleton pregnancies at 6–12 weeks ' gestation , written consent was [got] for coelocentesis and amniocentesis immediately before elective termination for psychological indications .

While siding with the poor is more rewarding because the poor represent less attractive pickings than the rich , they may be able to ‘ bargain ' on the terms on which their support is obtained .
while siding with the poor is more rewarding because the poor represent less attractive pickings than the rich , they may be able to ‘ bargain ' on the terms on which their support is [got] .

Some variation in predictions can be obtained by a different location of the indifference map so that , a priori , the strength of effects can not be settled .
some variation in predictions can be [got] by a different location of the indifference map so that , a priori , the strength of effects can not be settled .

This powerful and eyecatching result is obtained by postulating a world in which :
this powerful and eyecatching result is [got] by postulating a world in which :

If the government increases the money supply to increase the price level to engineer a fall in the real wage , actors can be expected to be fully aware of this and hence to adjust the nominal wage so that no real purchase on the economy can be obtained .
if the government increases the money supply to increase the price level to engineer a fall in the real wage , actors can be expected to be fully aware of this and hence to adjust the nominal wage so that no real purchase on the economy can be [got] .

the destination file specification ( as obtained from the package relationships ) .
the destination file specification ( as [got] from the package relationships ) .

Help can be obtained at any time by pressing the function key reserved for this purpose .
help can be [got] at any time by pressing the function key reserved for this purpose .

Help can be obtained at any point during an interactive session by pressing the function key reserved for this purpose .
help can be [got] at any point during an interactive session by pressing the function key reserved for this purpose .

If the module is called up by other packages managed by other users , it can only be modified , copied or deleted if the agreement of the relevant package managers is obtained .
if the module is called up by other packages managed by other users , it can only be modified , copied or deleted if the agreement of the relevant package managers is [got] .

An abbreviated version of the Relationships Listing can also be obtained .
an abbreviated version of the relationships listing can also be [got] .

An abbreviated version of the Package Structure Listing can also be obtained which contains only the package modules in the structure .
an abbreviated version of the package structure listing can also be [got] which contains only the package modules in the structure .

Second pass , the contents of the new package are then obtained and the modules it contains are entered .
second pass , the contents of the new package are then [got] and the modules it contains are entered .

Start of second pass , details of ‘ new ’ packages are obtained and eligible modules entered .
start of second pass , details of ‘ new ’ packages are [got] and eligible modules entered .

If you are preparing the package for approval as the nominated approver and errors have been obtained , you must deny approval to the package using option 1.5.3 — Grant/Deny Approval To Package .
if you are preparing the package for approval as the nominated approver and errors have been [got] , you must deny approval to the package using option 1.5.3 — grant/deny approval to package .

If the module is called up by other packages managed by other users , it can only be modified , copied or deleted if the agreement of the relevant package managers is obtained .
if the module is called up by other packages managed by other users , it can only be modified , copied or deleted if the agreement of the relevant package managers is [got] .

The contents of the library may be obtained by licenced sites upon making a software contribution to the library .
the contents of the library may be [got] by licenced sites upon making a software contribution to the library .

Subsequent copies may be obtained by making further contributions .
subsequent copies may be [got] by making further contributions .

Existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of purchase .
existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be [got] if required form point of purchase .

Local practice varied enormously , but a general picture may be obtained by dividing England into two halves .
local practice varied enormously , but a general picture may be [got] by dividing england into two halves .

Indexes of all these events can be consulted free of charge at St Catherine 's House , Aldwych , London , and upon payment of a fee a copy of a certificate may be obtained .
indexes of all these events can be consulted free of charge at st catherine 's house , aldwych , london , and upon payment of a fee a copy of a certificate may be [got] .

Newcastle upon Tyne had been an important medieval borough ; other places had been small market centres whose burgesses had obtained some measure of independence from their manorial lords .
newcastle upon tyne had been an important medieval borough ; other places had been small market centres whose burgesses had [got] some measure of independence from their manorial lords .

Markets had been held there from time immemorial , almost certainly from long before a royal grant was obtained in 1245 for an annual four-day fair .
markets had been held there from time immemorial , almost certainly from long before a royal grant was [got] in 1245 for an annual four-day fair .

By crossing plants which are heterozygous for two characters Mendel obtained nine double dominant , three each of one character dominant and the other recessive , and one were both characters were in recessive form .
by crossing plants which are heterozygous for two characters mendel [got] nine double dominant , three each of one character dominant and the other recessive , and one were both characters were in recessive form .

By combining Boyle 's law and Charles ' law ( equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ) , the following equation is obtained ;
by combining boyle 's law and charles ' law ( equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ) , the following equation is [got] ;

The density of gas can be obtained at temperatures and pressures other than s.t.p. by using a rearranged form of the ideal gas equation ( 5 ) . Thus
the density of gas can be [got] at temperatures and pressures other than s.t.p. by using a rearranged form of the ideal gas equation ( 5 ) . thus

That is , the gas density is found by measuring the volume of gas obtained from a known mass of the liquid .
that is , the gas density is found by measuring the volume of gas [got] from a known mass of the liquid .

This is measured at room temperature and equals the volume of gas obtained from the known mass of liquid in the Hofmann bottle .
this is measured at room temperature and equals the volume of gas [got] from the known mass of liquid in the hofmann bottle .

The relative molecular mass of ozone , 03 , which can not be obtained pure , can be determined by application of this law .
the relative molecular mass of ozone , 03 , which can not be [got] pure , can be determined by application of this law .

He obtained a series of isotherms known as Andrew 's curves ( see figure 3.11 ) .
he [got] a series of isotherms known as andrew 's curves ( see figure 3.11 ) .

Similar curves are obtained for other liquids .
similar curves are [got] for other liquids .

The yield actually obtained in an experiment or in an industrial process is called the actual yield .
the yield actually [got] in an experiment or in an industrial process is called the actual yield .

For a process to be economically viable it is essential that the optimum yield of desired product is obtained from the raw materials .
for a process to be economically viable it is essential that the optimum yield of desired product is [got] from the raw materials .

When these are plotted against number of carbon atoms , a straight line is obtained ( see figure 5.12 ) .
when these are plotted against number of carbon atoms , a straight line is [got] ( see figure 5.12 ) .

In the biochemical approach , enzymes obtained from biological organisms are used .
in the biochemical approach , enzymes [got] from biological organisms are used .

The beer is obtained by the fermentation of molasses and banana juice .
the beer is [got] by the fermentation of molasses and banana juice .

Anomalous values are obtained if the solute associates or dissociates in solution .
anomalous values are [got] if the solute associates or dissociates in solution .

As a result 20 scores were obtained for each part of the experiment , each between one and twelve .
as a result 20 scores were [got] for each part of the experiment , each between one and twelve .

Also , because the rats ’ behaviour changed immediately after the first reinforcement trial , Tolman argued that the results obtained could only occur if the rats had earlier developed a cognitive map , that is the mental representation of the particular special arrangement of the maze .
also , because the rats ’ behaviour changed immediately after the first reinforcement trial , tolman argued that the results [got] could only occur if the rats had earlier developed a cognitive map , that is the mental representation of the particular special arrangement of the maze .

If statistical tests had been performed on the results of the experiment it is likely , from Anderson and Barrios ( 1961 ) , that a primacy effect would have been obtained .
if statistical tests had been performed on the results of the experiment it is likely , from anderson and barrios ( 1961 ) , that a primacy effect would have been [got] .

It would then be necessary to perform further experiments to support our chosen explanation for the primacy effect obtained , using the model shown in Fig .
it would then be necessary to perform further experiments to support our chosen explanation for the primacy effect [got] , using the model shown in fig .

The machine language code is suitable arranged so that the desired results are obtained .
the machine language code is suitable arranged so that the desired results are [got] .

As the romance blossomed , he moved from Enfield to be nearer her home in Coatbridge and obtained a new job in the Computer Department at Stoddard .
as the romance blossomed , he moved from enfield to be nearer her home in coatbridge and [got] a new job in the computer department at stoddard .

Sleepers should be chosen that are as clean as possible and can usually be readily obtained from advertisements in `` Exchange and Mart `` or `` Farmers Weekly `` .
sleepers should be chosen that are as clean as possible and can usually be readily [got] from advertisements in `` exchange and mart `` or `` farmers weekly `` .

Police responce ranges from total inaction to deliberate delays , and a reluctance to press charges , even in cases where injunctions have been obtained .
police responce ranges from total inaction to deliberate delays , and a reluctance to press charges , even in cases where injunctions have been [got] .

The new offices have been obtained on advantageous terms , the refurbishment costs being offset against a significantly lower rent .
the new offices have been [got] on advantageous terms , the refurbishment costs being offset against a significantly lower rent .

This is our members ' exclusive magazine , which can not be obtained anywhere else .
this is our members ' exclusive magazine , which can not be [got] anywhere else .

Charitable status , registered number 326180 , was obtained on May 21 , 1982 .
charitable status , registered number 326180 , was [got] on may 21 , 1982 .

The financial costs of various resources ( such as costs of physical resources and labour ) should be quantified and a statement of required expenditure over the period obtained .
the financial costs of various resources ( such as costs of physical resources and labour ) should be quantified and a statement of required expenditure over the period [got] .

The aim is to give the readers a better Perspective than could be obtained by examining a large number of separate reports of individual companies .
the aim is to give the readers a better perspective than could be [got] by examining a large number of separate reports of individual companies .

Before making a grant application , up-to-date information on the latest regulations , eligibility and procedures should be obtained .
before making a grant application , up-to-date information on the latest regulations , eligibility and procedures should be [got] .

In the meantime , advance have been made in the culturing of rhizobia and the preparation of inoculants for use with existing leguminous crops , and considerable increases in yield have been obtained when applied to crops in the field .
in the meantime , advance have been made in the culturing of rhizobia and the preparation of inoculants for use with existing leguminous crops , and considerable increases in yield have been [got] when applied to crops in the field .

This majority was obtained by the votes of the 128 Popular Front deputies together with those of independents and deputies from radical nationalist groups ; the resolution was passed by 138 votes to none , with one abstention , but with a group of 57 pro-Soviet deputies boycotting the vote .
this majority was [got] by the votes of the 128 popular front deputies together with those of independents and deputies from radical nationalist groups ; the resolution was passed by 138 votes to none , with one abstention , but with a group of 57 pro-soviet deputies boycotting the vote .

Legislative and presidential elections were held simultaneously in April 1988 , when President Paul Biya , who first came to office in November 1982 and was confirmed in office in the presidential elections of January 1984 , obtained 98.75 per cent of the vote ; 153 new deputies were elected to the National Assembly . Michel Meva'a M'Eboutou Minister-Delegate at the Presidency for Defence Ibrahim Mbombo Njoya Territorial Administration Yaou Aissatou Social Affairs and Women 's Affairs John Niba Ngu Agriculture Ogork Ebot Ntui Minister at the Presidency in Charge of Special Missions Emmanuel Zoa Oloa Minister at the Presidency in Charge of Special Missions Joseph Tsanga Abanda Industrial and Commercial Development Joseph Mboui National Education Hamadjoda Adjoudi Livestock , Animal Industries and Fisheries Abdoulaye Babale Higher Education , Scientific Research , Public Contracts and Computer Sciences Sadou Hayatou Finance Joseph Owona Public Service and State Control Henri Bandolo Information and Culture Joseph Fofe Youth and Sports Adolphe Moudiki Justice ; Keeper of the Seals Francis Nkwain Lands , Water and Energy Elizabeth Tankeu Planning and Territorial Development Sanda Oumarou Posts and Telecommunications Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh Foreign Affairs Joseph Mbede Health Paul Tessa Public Works and Transports Jean-Bedel Bokam Labour and Social Welfare Ferdinand Léopold Oyono Housing and Town Planning Edouard Akame Mfoumou Secretary-General at the Presidency Laurent Esso Director of the Civil Cabinet at the Presidency Titus Edzoa Special Adviser to the President Benjamin Itoe Tourism
legislative and presidential elections were held simultaneously in april 1988 , when president paul biya , who first came to office in november 1982 and was confirmed in office in the presidential elections of january 1984 , [got] 98.75 per cent of the vote ; 153 new deputies were elected to the national assembly . michel meva'a m'eboutou minister-delegate at the presidency for defence ibrahim mbombo njoya territorial administration yaou aissatou social affairs and women 's affairs john niba ngu agriculture ogork ebot ntui minister at the presidency in charge of special missions emmanuel zoa oloa minister at the presidency in charge of special missions joseph tsanga abanda industrial and commercial development joseph mboui national education hamadjoda adjoudi livestock , animal industries and fisheries abdoulaye babale higher education , scientific research , public contracts and computer sciences sadou hayatou finance joseph owona public service and state control henri bandolo information and culture joseph fofe youth and sports adolphe moudiki justice ; keeper of the seals francis nkwain lands , water and energy elizabeth tankeu planning and territorial development sanda oumarou posts and telecommunications jacques-roger booh-booh foreign affairs joseph mbede health paul tessa public works and transports jean-bedel bokam labour and social welfare ferdinand léopold oyono housing and town planning edouard akame mfoumou secretary-general at the presidency laurent esso director of the civil cabinet at the presidency titus edzoa special adviser to the president benjamin itoe tourism

Baragiola had previously been convicted of murder in Italy , but had escaped in 1980 and obtained Swiss citizenship .
baragiola had previously been convicted of murder in italy , but had escaped in 1980 and [got] swiss citizenship .

Conducted by Justice Richard Goldstone , the inquiry found that the force used by policemen was " quite immoderate and disproportionate to any lawful object sought to be obtained " , that the police had killed at least 11 people by opening fire on a protest march , and that they had shot at least 127 people who were trying to run away .
conducted by justice richard goldstone , the inquiry found that the force used by policemen was " quite immoderate and disproportionate to any lawful object sought to be [got] " , that the police had killed at least 11 people by opening fire on a protest march , and that they had shot at least 127 people who were trying to run away .

The Assembly had 386 seats and under the country 's complex electoral system ( approved in October 1989 — see p. 36961 ) , there were 176 single-member constituencies , where results were decided either by overall majority in the first round , or in a second round to which candidates would go forward if they finished in the top three or obtained over 15 per cent of the vote .
the assembly had 386 seats and under the country 's complex electoral system ( approved in october 1989 — see p. 36961 ) , there were 176 single-member constituencies , where results were decided either by overall majority in the first round , or in a second round to which candidates would go forward if they finished in the top three or [got] over 15 per cent of the vote .

Voting did not therefore need to be repeated in two polling areas , as the Constitutional Court had ordered in the event that the necessary documentation could not be obtained by the Murcia court .
voting did not therefore need to be repeated in two polling areas , as the constitutional court had ordered in the event that the necessary documentation could not be [got] by the murcia court .

New non-specialist periodicals were to be in Arabic unless permission for the use of a foreign language was obtained from the government-appointed Higher National Council for Information and Communication [ see p. 37218 for adoption in July 1989 of information code creating this Council ] .
new non-specialist periodicals were to be in arabic unless permission for the use of a foreign language was [got] from the government-appointed higher national council for information and communication [ see p. 37218 for adoption in july 1989 of information code creating this council ] .

Successsive governments remained persuaded that an independent deterrent provided much more influence and security than could be obtained by spending the same money on extra conventional forces .
successsive governments remained persuaded that an independent deterrent provided much more influence and security than could be [got] by spending the same money on extra conventional forces .

Thus the forward market — also referred to as the `` over the counter market `` — has the advantage , from the point of view of the hedger , that a better match to the uncertain prospect can be obtained .
thus the forward market — also referred to as the `` over the counter market `` — has the advantage , from the point of view of the hedger , that a better match to the uncertain prospect can be [got] .

How he obtained this skill is not recorded , but it may be significant that he visited Ravenna , where he befriended the poet Arator .
how he [got] this skill is not recorded , but it may be significant that he visited ravenna , where he befriended the poet arator .

This technique may be used when the Bank is keen to produce a change in interest rates faster than that which could be obtained by waiting for bill offers to respond to an initial rejection of bids by the Bank : it was used more frequently in 1988 and 1989 , especially as a method of signalling the Bank 's desire to see higher short term interest rates .
this technique may be used when the bank is keen to produce a change in interest rates faster than that which could be [got] by waiting for bill offers to respond to an initial rejection of bids by the bank : it was used more frequently in 1988 and 1989 , especially as a method of signalling the bank 's desire to see higher short term interest rates .

Although circumstances could be imagined in which serfdom might profit a state , Chicherin wrote , they no longer obtained in Russia .
although circumstances could be imagined in which serfdom might profit a state , chicherin wrote , they no longer [got] in russia .

Their philosophy amounted to introducing other parts of the empire to the relationship between landlords and peasants which obtained in the Baltic provinces .
their philosophy amounted to introducing other parts of the empire to the relationship between landlords and peasants which [got] in the baltic provinces .

However , since managers can also offer a coupon for the bonds — and hence a yield — which is more or less competitive by taking a higher risk , the overall price must also contain elements of the deviation of the yield from that which would be obtained from other competing intermediaries .
however , since managers can also offer a coupon for the bonds — and hence a yield — which is more or less competitive by taking a higher risk , the overall price must also contain elements of the deviation of the yield from that which would be [got] from other competing intermediaries .

Implicitly , there are two types of new entry , one with a secure customer base , and one assuming `` speculatively `` that business can be taken from other houses or that a suitable share of any incremental business can be obtained .
implicitly , there are two types of new entry , one with a secure customer base , and one assuming `` speculatively `` that business can be taken from other houses or that a suitable share of any incremental business can be [got] .

The first of these was essentially passive : the press , and particularly the foreign press , might be closely scrutinised , and clues thus obtained to the movement of public feeling in the different states on the international questions of the day .
the first of these was essentially passive : the press , and particularly the foreign press , might be closely scrutinised , and clues thus [got] to the movement of public feeling in the different states on the international questions of the day .

Montaigne claimed that he had obtained his information by careful interrogation of a `` plain simple fellow `` who had lived for more than ten years in the French Huguenot colony which had been established around 1 540 close to modern Rio de Janeiro .
montaigne claimed that he had [got] his information by careful interrogation of a `` plain simple fellow `` who had lived for more than ten years in the french huguenot colony which had been established around 1 540 close to modern rio de janeiro .

It is also the position that unless special clearance procedures have been obtained partners should not :
it is also the position that unless special clearance procedures have been [got] partners should not :

An aide memoire covering basic client data which should be obtained at an initial meeting is set out at 1109.1 .
an aide memoire covering basic client data which should be [got] at an initial meeting is set out at 1109.1 .

Compliance unit in London office maintains a central register of all corporate finance engagement letters obtained by the firm .
compliance unit in london office maintains a central register of all corporate finance engagement letters [got] by the firm .

Written confirmation in accordance with Corporate Finance Bulletin ‘ Investment Advertisements ’ ( Section 8 ) should be obtained from the client confirming their approval of the advertisement .
written confirmation in accordance with corporate finance bulletin ‘ investment advertisements ’ ( section 8 ) should be [got] from the client confirming their approval of the advertisement .

When the sales strategy , Information memorandum and Investment Overview have been approved by the client and the appropriate responsibility letter obtained the marketing stage of the sale process can commence .
when the sales strategy , information memorandum and investment overview have been approved by the client and the appropriate responsibility letter [got] the marketing stage of the sale process can commence .

what further steps should be taken if a favourable response is obtained .
what further steps should be taken if a favourable response is [got] .

client approval should be obtained before any information is released .
client approval should be [got] before any information is released .

Any value-added/success fee obtained by a Network member in a third party sell situation should be shared equally between the initiating member and the participating member .
any value-added/success fee [got] by a network member in a third party sell situation should be shared equally between the initiating member and the participating member .

An aide-memoire for basic client data which should be obtained at an initial meeting is at 1109.1 .
an aide-memoire for basic client data which should be [got] at an initial meeting is at 1109.1 .

Compliance Unit in London office maintains a central register of all CFELs obtained by the firm .
compliance unit in london office maintains a central register of all cfels [got] by the firm .

The treatment of management charges , especially where these replace services previously obtained from third parties .
the treatment of management charges , especially where these replace services previously [got] from third parties .

If no conditions remain to be fulfilled or consents obtained , completion is likely to be simultaneous , as that avoids the difficulties inherent in carrying on business pending completion .
if no conditions remain to be fulfilled or consents [got] , completion is likely to be simultaneous , as that avoids the difficulties inherent in carrying on business pending completion .

The contract will also have to make provision about what is to happen if third party consents have not been obtained .
the contract will also have to make provision about what is to happen if third party consents have not been [got] .

The agreement usually provides that if necessary consents have not been obtained , the contract or asset will not be transferred to the acquirer but the acquirer will perform the contract or enter the property ( subject to the terms of the lease ) as the agent of the offeree .
the agreement usually provides that if necessary consents have not been [got] , the contract or asset will not be transferred to the acquirer but the acquirer will perform the contract or enter the property ( subject to the terms of the lease ) as the agent of the offeree .

The ‘ Fair Value ’ of a transaction is either the value obtained between a willing buyer and a willing seller or the valuation required in the particular circumstances ;
the ‘ fair value ’ of a transaction is either the value [got] between a willing buyer and a willing seller or the valuation required in the particular circumstances ;

The general information contained in a long-form valuation report is likely to be obtained from a variety of sources , oral or written , from within or outside the entity being reported upon ( for example , auditors ' files ) .
the general information contained in a long-form valuation report is likely to be [got] from a variety of sources , oral or written , from within or outside the entity being reported upon ( for example , auditors ' files ) .

It will generally be appropriate for representations relating to significant items to be obtained in writing , in the form of a board memorandum adopted by the directors of the company .
it will generally be appropriate for representations relating to significant items to be [got] in writing , in the form of a board memorandum adopted by the directors of the company .

Some comfort can be obtained by placing certain conditions to the offer e.g .
some comfort can be [got] by placing certain conditions to the offer e.g .

obtain at least two quotes to ensure the best price is obtained for the client ;
obtain at least two quotes to ensure the best price is [got] for the client ;

a certificate of posting should be obtained in either case if taken directly to the post office or a file note of despatch kept if posted through internal mailing system ;
a certificate of posting should be [got] in either case if taken directly to the post office or a file note of despatch kept if posted through internal mailing system ;

Ensure that responsibilities are stated and consents obtained from all other parties to include , inter alia , the directors of each company , the brokers and reporting accountants or other parties taking responsibility for any financial extracts ;
ensure that responsibilities are stated and consents [got] from all other parties to include , inter alia , the directors of each company , the brokers and reporting accountants or other parties taking responsibility for any financial extracts ;

The City Code is concerned with takeover and merger transactions , however effected , of all relevant companies ; these include partial offers , offers by a parent company for shares in its subsidiary and certain other transactions where control of a company ( as defined in the Code ) is to be obtained or consolidated .
the city code is concerned with takeover and merger transactions , however effected , of all relevant companies ; these include partial offers , offers by a parent company for shares in its subsidiary and certain other transactions where control of a company ( as defined in the code ) is to be [got] or consolidated .

It is often worth contacting Compliance , Independence and Ethics Unit in London office to check if a Corporate Finance Engagement Letter has been obtained previously from the client .
it is often worth contacting compliance , independence and ethics unit in london office to check if a corporate finance engagement letter has been [got] previously from the client .

If the funds are to be obtained from a third party source , letters of support should be provided .
if the funds are to be [got] from a third party source , letters of support should be provided .

The majority of the financial information can be obtained via a review of the audit files , which can be arranged in accordance with the normal rules of [ auditors ] .
the majority of the financial information can be [got] via a review of the audit files , which can be arranged in accordance with the normal rules of [ auditors ] .

Furthermore , a common provision in such agreements is that all documents , copies of documents and extracts of documents obtained during the course of our work are to be returned if the transaction does not proceed .
furthermore , a common provision in such agreements is that all documents , copies of documents and extracts of documents [got] during the course of our work are to be returned if the transaction does not proceed .

Furthermore , a common provision in such agreements is that all documents , copies of documents and extracts of documents obtained during the course of our work are to be returned if the transaction does not proceed .
furthermore , a common provision in such agreements is that all documents , copies of documents and extracts of documents [got] during the course of our work are to be returned if the transaction does not proceed .

They would be pitted against the sect 's estimated strength , obtained from his questioning of Louise , of the twelve main heavies , known as Apostles , and a further forty to fifty lesser nasties in the bullying hierarchy , who gloried in the title of Disciples .
they would be pitted against the sect 's estimated strength , [got] from his questioning of louise , of the twelve main heavies , known as apostles , and a further forty to fifty lesser nasties in the bullying hierarchy , who gloried in the title of disciples .

Such confirmation can be obtained by meeting with other policy-makers , whose views and proposals for future training policies can be directly compared with their own , both on paper and face-to-face .
such confirmation can be [got] by meeting with other policy-makers , whose views and proposals for future training policies can be directly compared with their own , both on paper and face-to-face .

Data have been obtained from all government and other offices which regularly produce information relating to the local economy .
data have been [got] from all government and other offices which regularly produce information relating to the local economy .

Building upon the work of Storey and others , the data set obtained from the two surveys will allow the identification of the contribution made by the financial assistance of each authority to the success and development of the local companies .
building upon the work of storey and others , the data set [got] from the two surveys will allow the identification of the contribution made by the financial assistance of each authority to the success and development of the local companies .

The research uses these two sources of data to explain local variations within each city in school-leaver unemployment and in the type of employment obtained .
the research uses these two sources of data to explain local variations within each city in school-leaver unemployment and in the type of employment [got] .

By assigning elasticities and values of time obtained from the literature , it will assess the response of each group to different levels of road pricing , the extent to which each group benefits or loses , and the impact of these different group responses on the overall performance of road pricing .
by assigning elasticities and values of time [got] from the literature , it will assess the response of each group to different levels of road pricing , the extent to which each group benefits or loses , and the impact of these different group responses on the overall performance of road pricing .

Advantages of such an approach would be that reaction functions for policy are obtained in feedback format , that due attention is paid to dynamics and that explicit specification of a welfare criterion is avoided .
advantages of such an approach would be that reaction functions for policy are [got] in feedback format , that due attention is paid to dynamics and that explicit specification of a welfare criterion is avoided .

The case studies will be written within a previously defined framework , which will include the definition of common measures of debt bargain and adjustment , provide an analytical context including relevant elements in economic and political science theory as well as suggest a hypothesis to be tested in relation to the differences in the terms obtained by different countries .
the case studies will be written within a previously defined framework , which will include the definition of common measures of debt bargain and adjustment , provide an analytical context including relevant elements in economic and political science theory as well as suggest a hypothesis to be tested in relation to the differences in the terms [got] by different countries .

The differences and similarities to be explained will include not only the value of the debt relief , but also the new credit flows obtained and the economic adjustment required , as part of the ‘ debt bargains ’ .
the differences and similarities to be explained will include not only the value of the debt relief , but also the new credit flows [got] and the economic adjustment required , as part of the ‘ debt bargains ’ .

The research aims first to identify the factors responsible for the growth of the various elements of public expenditure , so that some idea can be obtained as to their future development ; and secondly to discover to what extent these developments have represented , and will represent , claims on real resources , contributions to real output , or simply an increasing burden of taxation .
the research aims first to identify the factors responsible for the growth of the various elements of public expenditure , so that some idea can be [got] as to their future development ; and secondly to discover to what extent these developments have represented , and will represent , claims on real resources , contributions to real output , or simply an increasing burden of taxation .

The Postdoctoral Research Fellowship Scheme was set up to enable social scientists , who have obtained a doctorate , to work full-time on original and independent research for a three year period .
the postdoctoral research fellowship scheme was set up to enable social scientists , who have [got] a doctorate , to work full-time on original and independent research for a three year period .

This programme can only succeed if the public are able to understand what is being done with their money , and why , and are encouraged to work with the landowners concerned so that the most practical and cost- efficient results are obtained .
this programme can only succeed if the public are able to understand what is being done with their money , and why , and are encouraged to work with the landowners concerned so that the most practical and cost- efficient results are [got] .

The geographical distribution of a wide range of grammatical features will be descibed ; and insights will be obtained into the question of whether dialects are becoming more uniform throughout the British Isles .
the geographical distribution of a wide range of grammatical features will be descibed ; and insights will be [got] into the question of whether dialects are becoming more uniform throughout the british isles .

By interviewing parents of children of different ages , data will be obtained about how families cope with secrecy or openness about the child 's genetic origin and artificial conception . For example , is this shared with family and wider community ? What is the response ? If secrecy is opted for , how is this preserved : what are its implications ?
by interviewing parents of children of different ages , data will be [got] about how families cope with secrecy or openness about the child 's genetic origin and artificial conception . for example , is this shared with family and wider community ? what is the response ? if secrecy is opted for , how is this preserved : what are its implications ?

Information is being obtained by reading every copy of The Leicester Mercury published between 1890 and 1984 .
information is being [got] by reading every copy of the leicester mercury published between 1890 and 1984 .

Supplementary information is being obtained from local histories and court records , and there is also an ‘ oral history ’ component .
supplementary information is being [got] from local histories and court records , and there is also an ‘ oral history ’ component .

The dataset obtained would provide a common database for the Committee research developments in Ageing , the Family , Social Change and Economic Life , and Inequalities in Health .
the dataset [got] would provide a common database for the committee research developments in ageing , the family , social change and economic life , and inequalities in health .

The research aims to provide information on the influence of these Open Learning Centres on for example , user motivation and individual satisfaction obtained from the self-teach programmes , and the Company response .
the research aims to provide information on the influence of these open learning centres on for example , user motivation and individual satisfaction [got] from the self-teach programmes , and the company response .

More often it is necessary to identify their effects from survey data obtained from a panel , or sample of individuals followed over time , or from an interview recording the histories of individuals as they recall them .
more often it is necessary to identify their effects from survey data [got] from a panel , or sample of individuals followed over time , or from an interview recording the histories of individuals as they recall them .

It will investigate the ways in which food is obtained by households within different socio-economic groups .
it will investigate the ways in which food is [got] by households within different socio-economic groups .

which people have obtained these jobs--how many are ex-miners , for example ?
which people have [got] these jobs--how many are ex-miners , for example ?

Information about the activities to be included will be obtained in the first instance from a synthesis of existing published material which will be used to summarise these firms on the basis of a number of standard characteristics .
information about the activities to be included will be [got] in the first instance from a synthesis of existing published material which will be used to summarise these firms on the basis of a number of standard characteristics .

In a statement , the Department said Mrs McGonagle indicated she had obtained a copy of the specimen paper and made a number of photo-copies .
in a statement , the department said mrs mcgonagle indicated she had [got] a copy of the specimen paper and made a number of photo-copies .

She boasted that she had obtained an American wonderdrug called Cancell which could successfully treat these incurable diseases .
she boasted that she had [got] an american wonderdrug called cancell which could successfully treat these incurable diseases .

Forms can also be obtained by phoning 0532 739501 .
forms can also be [got] by phoning 0532 739501 .

The plan should not be formulated and then forgotten after grant for the first year has been obtained .
the plan should not be formulated and then forgotten after grant for the first year has been [got] .

Further copies can be obtained from the Council , please complete the attached pro-forma .
further copies can be [got] from the council , please complete the attached pro-forma .

Further copies can be obtained by completing the attached form .
further copies can be [got] by completing the attached form .

Shortly thereafter cracks began to appear in the house both internally and externally and the purchaser had to have the house underpinned at a cost of £1,444 and had obtained estimates of between £1,500 and 12,000 for repairs to the superstructure .
shortly thereafter cracks began to appear in the house both internally and externally and the purchaser had to have the house underpinned at a cost of £1,444 and had [got] estimates of between £1,500 and 12,000 for repairs to the superstructure .

Both Kirkman Finlay and Dixon were Whigs , the Tory nominees in the Burgh Councils not having obtained the burgh nomination , and there was the curious position of two candidates from the same party contesting the same Parliamentary seat .
both kirkman finlay and dixon were whigs , the tory nominees in the burgh councils not having [got] the burgh nomination , and there was the curious position of two candidates from the same party contesting the same parliamentary seat .

As one would expect , a complaint was preferred to the Court of Session to the effect that the warrant for imprisonment had been fraudulently obtained .
as one would expect , a complaint was preferred to the court of session to the effect that the warrant for imprisonment had been fraudulently [got] .

This information can most readily be obtained from the International Legal Aid Association Directory .
this information can most readily be [got] from the international legal aid association directory .

Significant improvements in efficiency would be obtained by upgrading all machines used for data input and data query .
significant improvements in efficiency would be [got] by upgrading all machines used for data input and data query .

The simple system would be relatively easy to develop , and the equipment should in any case be obtained for other uses , such as in-house training .
the simple system would be relatively easy to develop , and the equipment should in any case be [got] for other uses , such as in-house training .

Advice on hardware is being obtained from external sources at present .
advice on hardware is being [got] from external sources at present .

Information held by a body , whether or not obtained in pursuit of our statutory activities , and collected at any date .
information held by a body , whether or not [got] in pursuit of our statutory activities , and collected at any date .

Plans for converting the catalogue to an integrated electronic system were initiated by my predecessor in 1987 , when he obtained costings for manual keyboarding of the records from Saztec Ltd , one of the largest such organizations .
plans for converting the catalogue to an integrated electronic system were initiated by my predecessor in 1987 , when he [got] costings for manual keyboarding of the records from saztec ltd , one of the largest such organizations .

An estimate of the static position error can be obtained if the static torque/rotor position characteristic , at the appropriate phase current , is approximated by a sinusoid .
an estimate of the static position error can be [got] if the static torque/rotor position characteristic , at the appropriate phase current , is approximated by a sinusoid .

In the five-phase machine , for example , the highest peak static torque is obtained when two or three phases are excited .
in the five-phase machine , for example , the highest peak static torque is [got] when two or three phases are excited .

If the actual characteristic shows a significant deviation from a sinusoid an equivalent result can be obtained by evaluating the above integral by a `` counting squares `` method .
if the actual characteristic shows a significant deviation from a sinusoid an equivalent result can be [got] by evaluating the above integral by a `` counting squares `` method .

The single.step response can be examined over a range of forcing resistance values ( with appropriate changes of supply voltage to maintain constant phase current ) until a suitable response is obtained .
the single.step response can be examined over a range of forcing resistance values ( with appropriate changes of supply voltage to maintain constant phase current ) until a suitable response is [got] .

However analytical results can only be obtained if saturation is neglected , so this simplification has been used here .
however analytical results can only be [got] if saturation is neglected , so this simplification has been used here .

The relationship between the fundamental and d.c. components of current and voltage can be obtained from the phase voltage equation : Substituting from Eqns .
the relationship between the fundamental and d.c. components of current and voltage can be [got] from the phase voltage equation : substituting from eqns .

If one-phase-on excitation is used , however , the pull-out torque obtained from the d.c. and fundamental components must be multiplied by 1.5 to give the exact pull-out torque .
if one-phase-on excitation is used , however , the pull-out torque [got] from the d.c. and fundamental components must be multiplied by 1.5 to give the exact pull-out torque .

An alternative viewpoint is obtained from the circuit model for the phase windings .
an alternative viewpoint is [got] from the circuit model for the phase windings .

Efficient utilisation of processing capacity is obtained by using an interrupt routine to control tile motor , with the main program being interrupted by a constant frequency clock set at a suitable multiple of the pull-out rate .
efficient utilisation of processing capacity is [got] by using an interrupt routine to control tile motor , with the main program being interrupted by a constant frequency clock set at a suitable multiple of the pull-out rate .

Faster operating speeds can be obtained with a higher clock frequency and more stages of pulse deletion .
faster operating speeds can be [got] with a higher clock frequency and more stages of pulse deletion .

This pulse location/speed relationship is quantified in Section 7.3.1 and Section 7.3.3 describes how this relationship can be obtained with simple electronic circuits , while Section 8.3.1 describes the software options for a microprocessor-based system .
this pulse location/speed relationship is quantified in section 7.3.1 and section 7.3.3 describes how this relationship can be [got] with simple electronic circuits , while section 8.3.1 describes the software options for a microprocessor-based system .

The required detected position is obtained by ensuring that the slotted disc is connected to the motor shaft with the correct relative orientation .
the required detected position is [got] by ensuring that the slotted disc is connected to the motor shaft with the correct relative orientation .

However a rough estimate of optimum switching angle can be obtained if the three torque/speed characteristics are approximated by constant torques , effective up to the maximum speed for each angle : The time taken and number of steps executed during acceleration to the maximum speed may be calculated , since for a constant torque , For constant accelerating torque the instantaneous velocity is proportional to time and therefore the distance travelled during acceleration is simply : so for each switching angle the acceleration time and distance can be found : The time taken to travel a total distance of 60 steps can be calculated for each switching angle , e.g .
however a rough estimate of optimum switching angle can be [got] if the three torque/speed characteristics are approximated by constant torques , effective up to the maximum speed for each angle : the time taken and number of steps executed during acceleration to the maximum speed may be calculated , since for a constant torque , for constant accelerating torque the instantaneous velocity is proportional to time and therefore the distance travelled during acceleration is simply : so for each switching angle the acceleration time and distance can be found : the time taken to travel a total distance of 60 steps can be calculated for each switching angle , e.g .

7.7 the torque obtained for one of the switching angles 0° , 3° , 6° , 12° is always within 10 % of the 150 step-angle motor 's pull-out torque .
7.7 the torque [got] for one of the switching angles 0° , 3° , 6° , 12° is always within 10 % of the 150 step-angle motor 's pull-out torque .

Although the encoder illustrated is optical the position pulses could equally well be obtained using the waveform detection systems described later .
although the encoder illustrated is optical the position pulses could equally well be [got] using the waveform detection systems described later .

There is a fundamental , and in practice very important difference between the position information obtained with optical and waveform detection systems .
there is a fundamental , and in practice very important difference between the position information [got] with optical and waveform detection systems .

For a trial distance of 50 steps the number of steps executed at the maximum is obtained by subtracting the steps executed during acceleration and deceleration .
for a trial distance of 50 steps the number of steps executed at the maximum is [got] by subtracting the steps executed during acceleration and deceleration .

The highly organized learned career which obtained in the empire from the late sixteenth century onward has been described by a number of authors , western and Turkish , most recently by Gibb and Bowen in their Islamic Society and the West and by Uzuncarsili in his .
the highly organized learned career which [got] in the empire from the late sixteenth century onward has been described by a number of authors , western and turkish , most recently by gibb and bowen in their islamic society and the west and by uzuncarsili in his .

Once having obtained status the student was eligible for appointment to a post .
once having [got] status the student was eligible for appointment to a post .

But the benefit that the trees obtained from being tall did not go up .
but the benefit that the trees [got] from being tall did not go up .

The intention was to attempt to educate staff at an early stage in the benefits which could be obtained from a computerized system .
the intention was to attempt to educate staff at an early stage in the benefits which could be [got] from a computerized system .

Regular reports required by individual locations are obtained by using standard or specially written programs produced by the team .
regular reports required by individual locations are [got] by using standard or specially written programs produced by the team .

This is surprising , because recruitment is perhaps the area in which the most dramatic advantages can be obtained by computerisation .
this is surprising , because recruitment is perhaps the area in which the most dramatic advantages can be [got] by computerisation .

He obtained a job in the town on a delivery cart , the old-fashioned horse and dray , and memorised Salvation Army doctrine , and verses from the Bible as he drove the cart .
he [got] a job in the town on a delivery cart , the old-fashioned horse and dray , and memorised salvation army doctrine , and verses from the bible as he drove the cart .

Promising results were certainly obtained from early studies , not least from the analysis of pottery produced in Savernake Forest near Mildenhall .
promising results were certainly [got] from early studies , not least from the analysis of pottery produced in savernake forest near mildenhall .

Two massive walls were recorded in 1891 lying at right angles to the line of the town wall under the modern street , but no proof of their Roman origin was obtained .
two massive walls were recorded in 1891 lying at right angles to the line of the town wall under the modern street , but no proof of their roman origin was [got] .

Higher profits may raise investment by reducing its cost , as funds generated internally are cheaper than those obtained from the capital market , whether equity or debenture .
higher profits may raise investment by reducing its cost , as funds generated internally are cheaper than those [got] from the capital market , whether equity or debenture .

If judgment is obtained in this country against someone in France ( or most other Community states ) , that judgment can be enforced in the country in question by virtue of the Brussels Convention ( on Jurisdiction and Enforcement of Judgments ) 1968 .
if judgment is [got] in this country against someone in france ( or most other community states ) , that judgment can be enforced in the country in question by virtue of the brussels convention ( on jurisdiction and enforcement of judgments ) 1968 .

The exceptions may , however , be relevant where the buyer has unlawfully obtained possession .
the exceptions may , however , be relevant where the buyer has unlawfully [got] possession .

That is in addition to keeping any deposit he obtained from the original buyer ( see paragraph 2–17 above ) .
that is in addition to keeping any deposit he [got] from the original buyer ( see paragraph 2–17 above ) .

The buyers rejected them but , before doing so , obtained from an Italian court a sequestration order which gave them the right to detain the goods against payment of damages .
the buyers rejected them but , before doing so , [got] from an italian court a sequestration order which gave them the right to detain the goods against payment of damages .

Therefore the buyers obtained no damages .
therefore the buyers [got] no damages .

that English meals are provided or that special dishes for children can be obtained ) can not relate to present facts , for the simple reason that the hotel is closed in December when the brochure is sent out .
that english meals are provided or that special dishes for children can be [got] ) can not relate to present facts , for the simple reason that the hotel is closed in december when the brochure is sent out .

Taylor ( Un ) , who was Assemblyman for Fermanagh and South Tyrone in 1973 , obtained a clear quota of first preference votes .
taylor ( un ) , who was assemblyman for fermanagh and south tyrone in 1973 , [got] a clear quota of first preference votes .

But in the course of the conveyancing , it emerges that planning permission was not obtained .
but in the course of the conveyancing , it emerges that planning permission was not [got] .

We have shown him a better way of making the savings he requires next year , and we will be happy to work with him — and with the consumer groups — to find ways of improving the value obtained for the money spent on legal aid in the future .
we have shown him a better way of making the savings he requires next year , and we will be happy to work with him — and with the consumer groups — to find ways of improving the value [got] for the money spent on legal aid in the future .

Her income support entitlement ended when she obtained maintenance at £5.00 per week but only one payment has been made this year .
her income support entitlement ended when she [got] maintenance at £5.00 per week but only one payment has been made this year .

At the back is a list of useful addresses , numbers for bulletin boards from which software can be obtained , and lists of some further program names .
at the back is a list of useful addresses , numbers for bulletin boards from which software can be [got] , and lists of some further program names .

Each computer on the network should have its own registered copy of each piece of software unless either a site or networking licence is obtained .
each computer on the network should have its own registered copy of each piece of software unless either a site or networking licence is [got] .

Advice , information and visits at Winfrith may be obtained via Occupational Safety Group ( extension 2797 ) or Occupational Health ( extn 2162 ) .
advice , information and visits at winfrith may be [got] via occupational safety group ( extension 2797 ) or occupational health ( extn 2162 ) .

He claims he paid the top Tory official £40,000 to secure the prestigious Queens Award for Exports which Levitt is now accused of having obtained by deception .
he claims he paid the top tory official £40,000 to secure the prestigious queens award for exports which levitt is now accused of having [got] by deception .

Prints of the Gorge can be obtained for as little as £50–£70 and can sometimes be found in boot-sales and small auctions cheaper than that .
prints of the gorge can be [got] for as little as £50–£70 and can sometimes be found in boot-sales and small auctions cheaper than that .

Leaflets giving details of the Alumni Foundation 's work and how to support it are enclosed with this magazine or can be obtained from the Alumni Foundation Office in Senate House .
leaflets giving details of the alumni foundation 's work and how to support it are enclosed with this magazine or can be [got] from the alumni foundation office in senate house .

Further information about the scheme can be obtained from the Book Trade Unit , Libraries , Books and Information Division , British Council , , .
further information about the scheme can be [got] from the book trade unit , libraries , books and information division , british council , , .

the spectral linewidth obtained would then be reduced , allowing greater accuracy , if no systematic effects become significant .
the spectral linewidth [got] would then be reduced , allowing greater accuracy , if no systematic effects become significant .

We recently summarized all the data obtained so far by comparing archaebacterial housekeeping proteins with their homologues from eubacteria and eukaryotes at the sequence level .
we recently summarized all the data [got] so far by comparing archaebacterial housekeeping proteins with their homologues from eubacteria and eukaryotes at the sequence level .

Trying to root one subfamily of glutamate dehydrogenase harbouring representatives of the three domains of life , using the paralogous subfamily as an outgroup , we obtained different roots according to the method of tree construction used .
trying to root one subfamily of glutamate dehydrogenase harbouring representatives of the three domains of life , using the paralogous subfamily as an outgroup , we [got] different roots according to the method of tree construction used .

Linear plots are obtained with a positive slope from which the entropy parameter ψ 1 can be calculated as shown in figure 8.6 .
linear plots are [got] with a positive slope from which the entropy parameter ψ 1 can be calculated as shown in figure 8.6 .

This appears to arise from the assumption in the Flory-Huggins theory that χ 1 is concentration independent and improved values of ψ 1 are obtained when this is rectified .
this appears to arise from the assumption in the flory-huggins theory that χ 1 is concentration independent and improved values of ψ 1 are [got] when this is rectified .

Although not normally detected , the third virial coefficient occasionally contributes to the non-ideal behaviour in dilute solutions and a curved plot is obtained ( figure 9.2a . ) This increases the uncertainty of the extrapolation , but can be overcome by recasting equation ( 9.19 ) and introducing a polymer-solvent interaction parameter g
although not normally detected , the third virial coefficient occasionally contributes to the non-ideal behaviour in dilute solutions and a curved plot is [got] ( figure 9.2a . ) this increases the uncertainty of the extrapolation , but can be overcome by recasting equation ( 9.19 ) and introducing a polymer-solvent interaction parameter g

The corresponding values of the second virial coefficient are obtained from the slopes of the plots ( table 9.1 ) .
the corresponding values of the second virial coefficient are [got] from the slopes of the plots ( table 9.1 ) .

If the scattering intensity for each concentration in a dilution series is measured over an angular range 35° to 145° , the data can be plotted as against , where k′ is an arbitrary constant chosen to provide a convenient spread of the data in the grid-like graph which is obtained .
if the scattering intensity for each concentration in a dilution series is measured over an angular range 35° to 145° , the data can be plotted as against , where k′ is an arbitrary constant chosen to provide a convenient spread of the data in the grid-like graph which is [got] .

By choosing a series of gel columns with an appropriate range of pore sizes , an effective size separation can be obtained .
by choosing a series of gel columns with an appropriate range of pore sizes , an effective size separation can be [got] .

Much of the information can be derived from studies of dilute solutions ; an absolute measurement of polymer chain size can be obtained from light scattering , when the polymer is large compared with the wavelength of the incident light .
much of the information can be derived from studies of dilute solutions ; an absolute measurement of polymer chain size can be [got] from light scattering , when the polymer is large compared with the wavelength of the incident light .

The two quantities are related , in the absence of excluded volume effects , for simple chains by but as the actual dimensions obtained can depend on the conditions of the measurement , other factors must also be considered .
the two quantities are related , in the absence of excluded volume effects , for simple chains by but as the actual dimensions [got] can depend on the conditions of the measurement , other factors must also be considered .

For more complex chains , containing rings or heteroatomic chains , e.g. polydienes , polyethers , polysaccharides , and proteins , an estimate of σ is obtained from
for more complex chains , containing rings or heteroatomic chains , e.g. polydienes , polyethers , polysaccharides , and proteins , an estimate of σ is [got] from

Values of the unperturbed dimension can be obtained experimentally from dilute solution measurements made either directly in a theta-solvent ( see section 9.9 ) or by using indirect measurements in non-ideal solvents and employing an extrapolation procedure .
values of the unperturbed dimension can be [got] experimentally from dilute solution measurements made either directly in a theta-solvent ( see section 9.9 ) or by using indirect measurements in non-ideal solvents and employing an extrapolation procedure .

Curves plotted according to this simple analysis are shown in figure 10.4 where they are compared with experimental data obtained for various tactic forms of poly ( α-methyl styrene ) .
curves plotted according to this simple analysis are shown in figure 10.4 where they are compared with experimental data [got] for various tactic forms of poly ( α-methyl styrene ) .

If this can be done for an amorphous sample and a corresponding sample which is highly crystalline , a relative measure of crystallinity for other samples of the same polymer can be obtained .
if this can be done for an amorphous sample and a corresponding sample which is highly crystalline , a relative measure of crystallinity for other samples of the same polymer can be [got] .

If a favourable free energy change is to be obtained for crystallite formation , the entropy term has to be offset by a large negative energy contribution .
if a favourable free energy change is to be [got] for crystallite formation , the entropy term has to be offset by a large negative energy contribution .

a favourable change in internal energy is obtained during this process .
a favourable change in internal energy is [got] during this process .

The general behaviour of a polymer can be typified by results obtained for an amorphous atactic polystyrene sample .
the general behaviour of a polymer can be typified by results [got] for an amorphous atactic polystyrene sample .

The value of the modulus provides a good indication of the state of the polymer and can be obtained from the curve .
the value of the modulus provides a good indication of the state of the polymer and can be [got] from the curve .

The cube dependence is not a precise match with the 3.4 exponent obtained from viscosity measurements of long chains , but it is acceptable , particularly as the model gives a satisfactory picture of how a polymer chain can overcome the restraining influence of entanglements and move within the matrix .
the cube dependence is not a precise match with the 3.4 exponent [got] from viscosity measurements of long chains , but it is acceptable , particularly as the model gives a satisfactory picture of how a polymer chain can overcome the restraining influence of entanglements and move within the matrix .

When the dielectric loss factor is measured at a characteristic frequency ο max and a given temperature , it passes through a maximum when a relaxation occurs , and the dipole relaxation time , can be obtained .
when the dielectric loss factor is measured at a characteristic frequency ο max and a given temperature , it passes through a maximum when a relaxation occurs , and the dipole relaxation time , can be [got] .

If the map is to be reproduced , for example , a higher-quality end-product is obtained if the map is output onto film for subsequent printing .
if the map is to be reproduced , for example , a higher-quality end-product is [got] if the map is output onto film for subsequent printing .

Over the last three decades digital or numerical images of the Earth 's surface and atmosphere have been obtained from imaging instruments carried by satellites .
over the last three decades digital or numerical images of the earth 's surface and atmosphere have been [got] from imaging instruments carried by satellites .

On the other hand , if the simulation is to be carried out by computer a way must be found of getting the computer to generate random sequences of numbers such as would be obtained by throwing a dice a number of times .
on the other hand , if the simulation is to be carried out by computer a way must be found of getting the computer to generate random sequences of numbers such as would be [got] by throwing a dice a number of times .

To illustrate the points made above some data obtained from a study of the occurrence of clear and foggy days in the area of Los Angeles , California , carried out by Gong-Yuh Lin ( 1981 ) , are used as an example .
to illustrate the points made above some data [got] from a study of the occurrence of clear and foggy days in the area of los angeles , california , carried out by gong-yuh lin ( 1981 ) , are used as an example .

When the actual counts were converted to transition probabilities the results shown in Table 6.4 were obtained .
when the actual counts were converted to transition probabilities the results shown in table 6.4 were [got] .

If this procedure is applied to the transition probability matrix given earlier then the result shown in Table 6.6 is obtained .
if this procedure is applied to the transition probability matrix given earlier then the result shown in table 6.6 is [got] .

Such information is obtained from maps and from hydrological and meteorological records .
such information is [got] from maps and from hydrological and meteorological records .

In both these examples it is clear that a major advantage of the simulation model is that answers can be more reliably obtained to questions such as ‘ how high should 1 build this bridge ?
in both these examples it is clear that a major advantage of the simulation model is that answers can be more reliably [got] to questions such as ‘ how high should 1 build this bridge ?

Attribute data is most often obtained in computer-readable form direct from agencies whose function it is to collect and distribute such data .
attribute data is most often [got] in computer-readable form direct from agencies whose function it is to collect and distribute such data .

The size of the circle can be obtained from the Pyro Case exhibits .
the size of the circle can be [got] from the pyro case exhibits .

This information can be obtained if needed , at the penalty of a more complex and expensive system .
this information can be [got] if needed , at the penalty of a more complex and expensive system .

The late starts and late finishes for the jobs are obtained by a backward pass through the network .
the late starts and late finishes for the jobs are [got] by a backward pass through the network .

those items not in class 2 where cheaper prices can be obtained by doing so .
those items not in class 2 where cheaper prices can be [got] by doing so .

Competitive means ‘ the same quality could not be obtained cheaper by any other means .
competitive means ‘ the same quality could not be [got] cheaper by any other means .

Any approvals for making the changes are obtained and the changes themselves are planned .
any approvals for making the changes are [got] and the changes themselves are planned .

Thorfinn sent to Svein of Denmark , who seemed no nearer to ending his war with Harald of Norway , and obtained an undertaking that , if the terms were right , Svein would get him ships somewhere , although not before spring .
thorfinn sent to svein of denmark , who seemed no nearer to ending his war with harald of norway , and [got] an undertaking that , if the terms were right , svein would get him ships somewhere , although not before spring .

While in Cumbria , he had obtained leave from Earl Leofric to ride south through Mercia and spend two days in the quiet of Oswestry with Thorfinn 's periglour Sulien , who had travelled from Llanbadarn to meet him .
while in cumbria , he had [got] leave from earl leofric to ride south through mercia and spend two days in the quiet of oswestry with thorfinn 's periglour sulien , who had travelled from llanbadarn to meet him .

Malcolm , an engineer , started training for his microlight pilot 's licence in 1987 , and several hours solo flying , three written exams , and ‘ General Flying Test ’ later he obtained the magical piece of paper allowing him to ‘ commit aviation ’ ! We began flying together in a Raven flew-wing microlight that we owned , and spent two very happy years flying around Buckinghamshire/Oxfordshire in her .
malcolm , an engineer , started training for his microlight pilot 's licence in 1987 , and several hours solo flying , three written exams , and ‘ general flying test ’ later he [got] the magical piece of paper allowing him to ‘ commit aviation ’ ! we began flying together in a raven flew-wing microlight that we owned , and spent two very happy years flying around buckinghamshire/oxfordshire in her .

‘ In some parts of New South Wales this ornamental bird has obtained the name of the Alarm-bird from its rising in the air , flying round and screaming at the approach of an intruder , causing not only all of its own species to follow its example , but every other animal in the district to be on the alert .
‘ in some parts of new south wales this ornamental bird has [got] the name of the alarm-bird from its rising in the air , flying round and screaming at the approach of an intruder , causing not only all of its own species to follow its example , but every other animal in the district to be on the alert .

The entity-relationship approach to data analysis is interview-driven , that is most information is obtained through interviewing members of staff .
the entity-relationship approach to data analysis is interview-driven , that is most information is [got] through interviewing members of staff .

Combine the relations obtained in the present document with the set obtained from previous documents .
combine the relations [got] in the present document with the set [got] from previous documents .

The answer can also be obtained by access to the index without recourse to the data storage area .
the answer can also be [got] by access to the index without recourse to the data storage area .

External views may be presented to the user through the use of host language programs or a query language but they may also be obtained through a dialogue , which approaches a natural language dialogue , or via a menu .
external views may be presented to the user through the use of host language programs or a query language but they may also be [got] through a dialogue , which approaches a natural language dialogue , or via a menu .

Before sending in nominations on the prescribed form , the consent in writing of the nominees must be obtained and each nomination must be supported by twenty per cent of Commons Members of the Parliamentary Labour Party .
before sending in nominations on the prescribed form , the consent in writing of the nominees must be [got] and each nomination must be supported by twenty per cent of commons members of the parliamentary labour party .

In the event of the name of a member nominated being on the official panel of available parliamentary candidates of an affiliated organisation the consent in writing of the Executive Committee thereof must also be obtained and sent in with the form of nomination .
in the event of the name of a member nominated being on the official panel of available parliamentary candidates of an affiliated organisation the consent in writing of the executive committee thereof must also be [got] and sent in with the form of nomination .

Edward Thompson has written of the `` deep-rooted folk memory `` resting on `` nostalgia for the pattern of work and leisure which obtained before the outer and inner discipline of industrialism settled upon the working man `` .
edward thompson has written of the `` deep-rooted folk memory `` resting on `` nostalgia for the pattern of work and leisure which [got] before the outer and inner discipline of industrialism settled upon the working man `` .

It was claimed in 1803 that no less than 90 out of 165 canal acts obtained since 1758 had been concerned primarily with coal carriage , while a further 47 had been linked to iron or non-ferrous metal works or mines .
it was claimed in 1803 that no less than 90 out of 165 canal acts [got] since 1758 had been concerned primarily with coal carriage , while a further 47 had been linked to iron or non-ferrous metal works or mines .

Of the extra revenue raised to fight wars from 1739 to 1783 the proportion obtained from taxation stayed at around 20 per cent ; for the long French wars it was 58 per cent .
of the extra revenue raised to fight wars from 1739 to 1783 the proportion [got] from taxation stayed at around 20 per cent ; for the long french wars it was 58 per cent .

Once a well-fitting function has been obtained one can of course use the usual mathematical techniques to derive other indicators such rates of change , means or smoothed curves which suppress small deviations and show a trend .
once a well-fitting function has been [got] one can of course use the usual mathematical techniques to derive other indicators such rates of change , means or smoothed curves which suppress small deviations and show a trend .

Differences can also be observed in the primary data and in the consequent values obtained for the parameters of the Richards functions .
differences can also be observed in the primary data and in the consequent values [got] for the parameters of the richards functions .

In the present research only a lower level study has been attempted in which the relationship between the aloof measure and the true leaf area obtained after cutting has been plotted .
in the present research only a lower level study has been attempted in which the relationship between the aloof measure and the true leaf area [got] after cutting has been plotted .

Certainly the raw readings are low , and it must be said here that the last significant figure was obtained by estimating a proportion of a division on the scale .
certainly the raw readings are low , and it must be said here that the last significant figure was [got] by estimating a proportion of a division on the scale .

Finally some other materials were obtained and compared with the flannel .
finally some other materials were [got] and compared with the flannel .

Some further materials were obtained and compared with the charcoal-grey flannel which performed well in the previous experiment .
some further materials were [got] and compared with the charcoal-grey flannel which performed well in the previous experiment .

The readings obtained were as follows : —
the readings [got] were as follows : —

Option 7 : With sub-options this could display the latest picture , the previous picture or the bitwise difference obtained from Option 6 .
option 7 : with sub-options this could display the latest picture , the previous picture or the bitwise difference [got] from option 6 .

The indication was that the measure obtained would not differ significantly from the A-measure .
the indication was that the measure [got] would not differ significantly from the a-measure .

These were obtained by first establishing approximate blackout and whiteout points by observing a succession of images and then fixing eight equally spaced points in the interval between them .
these were [got] by first establishing approximate blackout and whiteout points by observing a succession of images and then fixing eight equally spaced points in the interval between them .

For example a variety of light bulbs was obtained in order to produce readings under various different light intensities .
for example a variety of light bulbs was [got] in order to produce readings under various different light intensities .

The readings were compared with readings of the same subject obtained from a much more expensive and sophisticated video system described below .
the readings were compared with readings of the same subject [got] from a much more expensive and sophisticated video system described below .

Obviously one can not re-use plants for later measurement by the other two systems and so the graphs obtained have fewer points than the earlier ones .
obviously one can not re-use plants for later measurement by the other two systems and so the graphs [got] have fewer points than the earlier ones .

This is shown in the several measurements obtained at various times of card subjects of known area .
this is shown in the several measurements [got] at various times of card subjects of known area .

For plant subjects the only evidence is ( a ) the above comparison with the true leaf area , obtained from the leaf area machine and ( b ) the consistency of consecutive readings taken at short time intervals ( one to five minutes ) .
for plant subjects the only evidence is ( a ) the above comparison with the true leaf area , [got] from the leaf area machine and ( b ) the consistency of consecutive readings taken at short time intervals ( one to five minutes ) .

Figure , which uses data obtained after refinements to the program had been implemented , shows the consistency well .
figure , which uses data [got] after refinements to the program had been implemented , shows the consistency well .

( a ) Use any exposure in the spreading region , and make an appropriate correction to the measurement obtained .
( a ) use any exposure in the spreading region , and make an appropriate correction to the measurement [got] .

Distrust comparisons with readings obtained when this setting-up problem did not occur .
distrust comparisons with readings [got] when this setting-up problem did not occur .

This is obtained by translating to the standard interval [ -1,1 ] , multiplying the corresponding function by the Legendre polynomial of degree n and integrating over the interval .
this is [got] by translating to the standard interval [ -1,1 ] , multiplying the corresponding function by the legendre polynomial of degree n and integrating over the interval .

The program warns the user but can cope by assigning the LB-level , the higher value obtained , as the chosen exposure .
the program warns the user but can cope by assigning the lb-level , the higher value [got] , as the chosen exposure .

The measure is consistent , in the sense that consecutive values obtained from the same subject in the same position agree to within about 2 % .
the measure is consistent , in the sense that consecutive values [got] from the same subject in the same position agree to within about 2 % .

a measure of half of the view area , have been obtained and are found to be consistent .
a measure of half of the view area , have been [got] and are found to be consistent .

When it had been obtained program crashes occurred due to triggering of the consistency check traps .
when it had been [got] program crashes occurred due to triggering of the consistency check traps .

The simplest answer to these questions is perhaps an empirical one — to compare the measurements obtained with a profile obtained from corresponding destructive measurements using a leaf area machine .
the simplest answer to these questions is perhaps an empirical one — to compare the measurements [got] with a profile [got] from corresponding destructive measurements using a leaf area machine .

To examine the possibility that the calculations and checks used to obtain the measure were a waste of effort or even erroneous , graphs were plotted of simultaneously obtained measures and ( scaled ) pixel counts .
to examine the possibility that the calculations and checks used to obtain the measure were a waste of effort or even erroneous , graphs were plotted of simultaneously [got] measures and ( scaled ) pixel counts .

Nevertheless the readings obtained — under ordinary conditions — were encouraging — an overall growth with a periodic variation , which in this case is predictable as a result of the changes described .
nevertheless the readings [got] — under ordinary conditions — were encouraging — an overall growth with a periodic variation , which in this case is predictable as a result of the changes described .

( Recall that the maximum and minimum are not global but are obtained from the measurements used in computing the current average ) .
( recall that the maximum and minimum are not global but are [got] from the measurements used in computing the current average ) .

From her position , high on top of the fountain , so laughingly obtained what , an hour ago ?
from her position , high on top of the fountain , so laughingly [got] what , an hour ago ?

When this happens , the social opportunity cost of the resources tied up in the public project is the return that households could have obtained on the same resources .
when this happens , the social opportunity cost of the resources tied up in the public project is the return that households could have [got] on the same resources .

The results obtained are impressive .
the results [got] are impressive .

Table 1.2 shows the contents of such a lattice that was obtained for the word its ( the graphical representation is shown in Fig 1.3 ) .
table 1.2 shows the contents of such a lattice that was [got] for the word its ( the graphical representation is shown in fig 1.3 ) .

Collocational information is obtained by taking a corpus and finding how often pairs of words are found together .
collocational information is [got] by taking a corpus and finding how often pairs of words are found together .

Although recognition of handwriting has received much less attention the task is simpler and promising results have been obtained .
although recognition of handwriting has received much less attention the task is simpler and promising results have been [got] .

The training data was obtained by ( semi-automatic ) parsing of a 40,000 word section of the Brown corpus .
the training data was [got] by ( semi-automatic ) parsing of a 40,000 word section of the brown corpus .

Impressive results were obtained , with only 5 out of 243 noun phrase brackets being omitted .
impressive results were [got] , with only 5 out of 243 noun phrase brackets being omitted .

If a successful parse was obtained then its probability was calculated by determining the product of the probability of each rule used to achieve the derivation .
if a successful parse was [got] then its probability was calculated by determining the product of the probability of each rule used to achieve the derivation .

Some method is required to organise the partial structures produced so that a more efficient parse is obtained .
some method is required to organise the partial structures produced so that a more efficient parse is [got] .

Having obtained the syntactic information for the morphemic constituents of the word , this information is combined to determine the syntactic information for the complete word .
having [got] the syntactic information for the morphemic constituents of the word , this information is combined to determine the syntactic information for the complete word .

When 0 is given as the number of parses , this indicates that the parser exited cleanly with no parses being found , a dash ( - ) indicates that the system crashed before a parse was obtained .
when 0 is given as the number of parses , this indicates that the parser exited cleanly with no parses being found , a dash ( - ) indicates that the system crashed before a parse was [got] .

For a given corpus size , if one uses coarser classification then more reliable but less precise predictions are obtained .
for a given corpus size , if one uses coarser classification then more reliable but less precise predictions are [got] .

The frequencies obtained are then normalised in some manner and stored in a transition matrix .
the frequencies [got] are then normalised in some manner and stored in a transition matrix .

This information is obtained from the lexicon .
this information is [got] from the lexicon .

These results compared very favourably with those obtained using the rule-based system .
these results compared very favourably with those [got] using the rule-based system .

The possible grammar tag transitions in the lattice are determined and probability values for these transitions are obtained from the transition matrix .
the possible grammar tag transitions in the lattice are determined and probability values for these transitions are [got] from the transition matrix .

As one would expect the best results are obtained when all of the correct words were present in the lattice , with quite a large decrease in performance being found when the lattice quality drops to 89 % .
as one would expect the best results are [got] when all of the correct words were present in the lattice , with quite a large decrease in performance being found when the lattice quality drops to 89 % .

Favourable results have been obtained with this analyser .
favourable results have been [got] with this analyser .

The Abortion and Sterilisation Act of 1975 stipulates that written consent of the person who in law consents to an operation has to be obtained before a sterilisation is performed .
the abortion and sterilisation act of 1975 stipulates that written consent of the person who in law consents to an operation has to be [got] before a sterilisation is performed .

The young king had made concessions to appease the rioters and prevent further loss of life and bloody rioting , but within a year , they were revoked by Parliament , and no permanent results were obtained by Wat Tyler 's poll tax revolt .
the young king had made concessions to appease the rioters and prevent further loss of life and bloody rioting , but within a year , they were revoked by parliament , and no permanent results were [got] by wat tyler 's poll tax revolt .

None have been obtained by the hon .
none have been [got] by the hon .

British Rail remains convinced that , when it puts the detailed investment proposition to us , once planning permission is obtained , it will pass the appraisal test .
british rail remains convinced that , when it puts the detailed investment proposition to us , once planning permission is [got] , it will pass the appraisal test .

While this was being completed , the Central Wales Extension Railway obtained an Act in July 1860 to build a further 26 miles of single track to Llandovery .
while this was being completed , the central wales extension railway [got] an act in july 1860 to build a further 26 miles of single track to llandovery .

Its beginnings are to be found in the Llanelly Dock & Railway Company , one of the earliest Welsh railways , which obtained powers in 1835 to build a line from Llanelli to Llandeilo to serve various collieries and the rich agricultural land in the Towy Valley .
its beginnings are to be found in the llanelly dock & railway company , one of the earliest welsh railways , which [got] powers in 1835 to build a line from llanelli to llandeilo to serve various collieries and the rich agricultural land in the towy valley .

Opening postponed and Act obtained for a branch from Chirbury to Minsterley to join with the Welshpool line , not constructed .
opening postponed and act [got] for a branch from chirbury to minsterley to join with the welshpool line , not constructed .

He subsequently served as its legal adviser , and it is thanks to him that it obtained its Light Railway Order and was enabled to operate under a lease agreement until purchase negotiations were concluded .
he subsequently served as its legal adviser , and it is thanks to him that it [got] its light railway order and was enabled to operate under a lease agreement until purchase negotiations were concluded .

Do we not owe it to community charge payers in each of those areas to ensure that the best value is obtained for their money and that they get the most efficient service ?
do we not owe it to community charge payers in each of those areas to ensure that the best value is [got] for their money and that they get the most efficient service ?

Very much the same situation has obtained under Ministers of both Governments for the past 20 years —
very much the same situation has [got] under ministers of both governments for the past 20 years —

British Rail is now a large residential landowner in Warwick gardens and will wish to offload on the market the expensively obtained properties that it has acquired .
british rail is now a large residential landowner in warwick gardens and will wish to offload on the market the expensively [got] properties that it has acquired .

Local authorities should buy the services that meet the needs of their local population , wherever the services can best be obtained .
local authorities should buy the services that meet the needs of their local population , wherever the services can best be [got] .

For that reason , services must be bought wherever the best deal can be obtained .
for that reason , services must be bought wherever the best deal can be [got] .

Halfway through our policy discussions in preparation for the citizens charter and the Bill , he obtained a leaked document containing the views of some officials .
halfway through our policy discussions in preparation for the citizens charter and the bill , he [got] a leaked document containing the views of some officials .

The centres might have to go cap in hand to the Croydon college and the two sixth-form colleges in the borough asking their governing bodies to apply to the funding council for funds for vocational courses , in the hope that funds would be obtained on behalf of the adult education centres .
the centres might have to go cap in hand to the croydon college and the two sixth-form colleges in the borough asking their governing bodies to apply to the funding council for funds for vocational courses , in the hope that funds would be [got] on behalf of the adult education centres .

Reference has already been made to the alarming evidence obtained by United Nations investigators in Iraq .
reference has already been made to the alarming evidence [got] by united nations investigators in iraq .

For example , a clue may be obtained from the time that the parties have stipulated for delivery and/or payment .
for example , a clue may be [got] from the time that the parties have stipulated for delivery and/or payment .

The fact that consent was obtained by a trick or by fraud is irrelevant so long as the consent was given to the agent in his capacity as a mercantile agent .
the fact that consent was [got] by a trick or by fraud is irrelevant so long as the consent was given to the agent in his capacity as a mercantile agent .

As regards the registration document , it was not a case of obtaining consent by a trick ; he had obtained the possession by a trick but he had obtained no consent at all to that possession .
as regards the registration document , it was not a case of obtaining consent by a trick ; he had [got] the possession by a trick but he had [got] no consent at all to that possession .

The person selling the goods must have been a buyer ‘ in possession , ’ i. e. he must have obtained ‘ with the consent of the seller , possession of the goods or documents of title to the goods . ’
the person selling the goods must have been a buyer ‘ in possession , ’ i. e. he must have [got] ‘ with the consent of the seller , possession of the goods or documents of title to the goods . ’

The purchaser therefore obtained good title to the car .
the purchaser therefore [got] good title to the car .

The seal is one of the photo-copied items obtained from the National Railway Museum in York on our visit last year .
the seal is one of the photo-copied items [got] from the national railway museum in york on our visit last year .

Further details can be obtained from the Firefly Trust at Didcot .
further details can be [got] from the firefly trust at didcot .

Additional output of goods which yield external benefits can be obtained by giving subsidies to private sector firms for producing them .
additional output of goods which yield external benefits can be [got] by giving subsidies to private sector firms for producing them .

Buyers who have paid high prices do not discover that they could have obtained the same goods at lower prices ; sellers who have sold for low prices do not discover that they could have obtained higher prices .
buyers who have paid high prices do not discover that they could have [got] the same goods at lower prices ; sellers who have sold for low prices do not discover that they could have [got] higher prices .

Resource owners ' initial ignorance of the kinds of commodities consumers will buy and of the relative prices which can in principle be obtained for these commodities gradually diminishes .
resource owners ' initial ignorance of the kinds of commodities consumers will buy and of the relative prices which can in principle be [got] for these commodities gradually diminishes .

For turning right-angled bends , a better result is usually obtained using an elbow or slow bend ( see page 24 ) .
for turning right-angled bends , a better result is usually [got] using an elbow or slow bend ( see page 24 ) .

The output is obtained on a high-quality laser printer , suitable for copying .
the output is [got] on a high-quality laser printer , suitable for copying .

Water , at least , could be obtained , she told herself sternly , before the frightening sensation of helplessness got the better of her .
water , at least , could be [got] , she told herself sternly , before the frightening sensation of helplessness got the better of her .

If we further take account of intergenerational differences , then the coefficient of variation over all generations , denoted by , is the weighted sum of individual plus the coefficient of variation obtained if everyone had the mean income of their generation ( the ‘ between-generations ’ inequality ) .
if we further take account of intergenerational differences , then the coefficient of variation over all generations , denoted by , is the weighted sum of individual plus the coefficient of variation [got] if everyone had the mean income of their generation ( the ‘ between-generations ’ inequality ) .

From these , the distribution of lifetime consumption can be obtained , and we can see how it depends on the parameters of the model .
from these , the distribution of lifetime consumption can be [got] , and we can see how it depends on the parameters of the model .

Since the general equilibrium effects can be obtained from the earlier analysis , we leave these to the reader .
since the general equilibrium effects can be [got] from the earlier analysis , we leave these to the reader .

Overall , we attempt in this section to give some flavour of the results that have been obtained in the field of mathematical politics , by political scientists as well as economists .
overall , we attempt in this section to give some flavour of the results that have been [got] in the field of mathematical politics , by political scientists as well as economists .

Either the Parliament ( the Folketing ) must pass the appropriate legislation with a five-sixths majority ( in the current Parliament requiring 150 members out of a total of 179 ) , or , in the words of Article 20.2 of the Constitution , ‘ If this majority is not obtained … the Bill shall be submitted to the Electorate for approval or rejection ’ .
either the parliament ( the folketing ) must pass the appropriate legislation with a five-sixths majority ( in the current parliament requiring 150 members out of a total of 179 ) , or , in the words of article 20.2 of the constitution , ‘ if this majority is not [got] … the bill shall be submitted to the electorate for approval or rejection ’ .

One other implication of the rational expectations hypothesis is apparent from an examination of equation ( 3.1 ) . Because the term is uncorrelated with the forecast error , v t ( if they were correlated superior forecasts could be obtained , thus violating the rational expectations hypothesis ) , if we rewrite equation ( 3.1 ) as : and take the variance of both sides of the equation , we obtain :
one other implication of the rational expectations hypothesis is apparent from an examination of equation ( 3.1 ) . because the term is uncorrelated with the forecast error , v t ( if they were correlated superior forecasts could be [got] , thus violating the rational expectations hypothesis ) , if we rewrite equation ( 3.1 ) as : and take the variance of both sides of the equation , we obtain :

The drawback is that the likelihood ratio test statistic is only distributed as a chi-square when n is very large , and misleading results may be obtained in small samples .
the drawback is that the likelihood ratio test statistic is only distributed as a chi-square when n is very large , and misleading results may be [got] in small samples .

That is , is obtained directly from equation ( 3.45a ) and can be obtained by noting that :
that is , is [got] directly from equation ( 3.45a ) and can be [got] by noting that :

The model obtained by combining rational expectations and the simple natural rate hypothesis produces a particularly dramatic policy conclusion , and one which gave rational expectations some initial notoriety , for it suggested that the Keynesian approach to macroeconomic policy which governments in many countries had adopted after the Second World War was at best unnecessary and at worst harmful .
the model [got] by combining rational expectations and the simple natural rate hypothesis produces a particularly dramatic policy conclusion , and one which gave rational expectations some initial notoriety , for it suggested that the keynesian approach to macroeconomic policy which governments in many countries had adopted after the second world war was at best unnecessary and at worst harmful .

We thereby demonstrate rigorously the results we have obtained more intuitively above , and also illustrate a mathematical technique which is often used in rational expectations models .
we thereby demonstrate rigorously the results we have [got] more intuitively above , and also illustrate a mathematical technique which is often used in rational expectations models .

Given the existence of an aggregate production function of the form , an expression for the logarithm of output can be obtained by substituting equation ( 5.29 ) into equation ( 5.28 ) and then substituting the resulting equation into the production function .
given the existence of an aggregate production function of the form , an expression for the logarithm of output can be [got] by substituting equation ( 5.29 ) into equation ( 5.28 ) and then substituting the resulting equation into the production function .

Having obtained a measure of anticipated monetary growth , Barro computes the unanticipated component of monetary growth in each period as the difference between actual monetary growth in the period and the anticipated component of monetary growth in that period ; that is , .
having [got] a measure of anticipated monetary growth , barro computes the unanticipated component of monetary growth in each period as the difference between actual monetary growth in the period and the anticipated component of monetary growth in that period ; that is , .

However , much more information can be obtained if we have a reasonable level of understanding of this physical basis .
however , much more information can be [got] if we have a reasonable level of understanding of this physical basis .

Much detailed information about the vibration frequencies of different electronic states of diatomic molecules and some simple polyatomic molecules has been obtained in this way .
much detailed information about the vibration frequencies of different electronic states of diatomic molecules and some simple polyatomic molecules has been [got] in this way .

In recent years , however , the introduction of tunable lasers as excitation sources has allowed laser-induced fluorescence spectra to be obtained .
in recent years , however , the introduction of tunable lasers as excitation sources has allowed laser-induced fluorescence spectra to be [got] .

Ground-state vibration frequencies are obtained as shifts from the exciting frequency or from the vibrational origin of the electronic band .
ground-state vibration frequencies are [got] as shifts from the exciting frequency or from the vibrational origin of the electronic band .

Any particle could in principle be used ; most results have been obtained with neutrons or electrons , each of which has various advantages and disadvantages for particular samples .
any particle could in principle be used ; most results have been [got] with neutrons or electrons , each of which has various advantages and disadvantages for particular samples .

All frequencies are measured simultaneously , by recording an interferogram , from which the spectrum is then obtained by Fourier transformation ( see Section 1.5 ) .
all frequencies are measured simultaneously , by recording an interferogram , from which the spectrum is then [got] by fourier transformation ( see section 1.5 ) .

However , the cost differential is rapidly diminishing , and as some of these benefits can be obtained simply by the addition of a micro-computer to a spectrophotometer , the choice between spectrophotometer and interferometer is becoming more and more a matter for the individual spectroscopist .
however , the cost differential is rapidly diminishing , and as some of these benefits can be [got] simply by the addition of a micro-computer to a spectrophotometer , the choice between spectrophotometer and interferometer is becoming more and more a matter for the individual spectroscopist .

Recently it has been shown that Raman spectra may be obtained from a wide variety of samples using a combination of an interferometer capable of operating in the near-IR region and a near-IR laser .
recently it has been shown that raman spectra may be [got] from a wide variety of samples using a combination of an interferometer capable of operating in the near-ir region and a near-ir laser .

Centrifugal distortion constants and Coriolis coupling constants can also be calculated , and the values compared with those obtained from analysis of rotational spectra or rotation fine-structure of vibration bands ( see Chapter 4 ) .
centrifugal distortion constants and coriolis coupling constants can also be calculated , and the values compared with those [got] from analysis of rotational spectra or rotation fine-structure of vibration bands ( see chapter 4 ) .

Additional information that can be used to narrow down the range of possible solutions in a normal co-ordinate analysis can be obtained using isotopically substituted samples .
additional information that can be used to narrow down the range of possible solutions in a normal co-ordinate analysis can be [got] using isotopically substituted samples .

Spectra of samples obtained using an extremely simple means of generation , evaporation from a solid , are shown in Fig .
spectra of samples [got] using an extremely simple means of generation , evaporation from a solid , are shown in fig .

For these and other reasons more useful information about molecular structures can be obtained by photoelectron spectroscopy , where the excited electron is ejected completely instead of remaining in a higher-energy level of the molecule .
for these and other reasons more useful information about molecular structures can be [got] by photoelectron spectroscopy , where the excited electron is ejected completely instead of remaining in a higher-energy level of the molecule .

Unfortunately , only diatomic molecules are easy to study in this way , as larger molecules almost invariably fragment on excitation , but a vast amount of information has been obtained for atoms and diatomic molecules .
unfortunately , only diatomic molecules are easy to study in this way , as larger molecules almost invariably fragment on excitation , but a vast amount of information has been [got] for atoms and diatomic molecules .

Such an electronic transition has various possible changes in vibrational and rotational quantum numbers associated with it , so that the spectrum , however it is obtained , consists of a number of vibration bands , each with rotational fine structure , together forming an electronic system of bands .
such an electronic transition has various possible changes in vibrational and rotational quantum numbers associated with it , so that the spectrum , however it is [got] , consists of a number of vibration bands , each with rotational fine structure , together forming an electronic system of bands .

In this case rotation constants in upper and lower states can be calculated , as well as vibration frequencies , and a detailed picture of the structure of both states can be obtained .
in this case rotation constants in upper and lower states can be calculated , as well as vibration frequencies , and a detailed picture of the structure of both states can be [got] .

Moreover , much of the work has been concerned with the analysis of the spectra and the interpretation of the parameters obtained in terms of theory ; though this is an essential part of understanding of the chemistry of transition metals , it is less directly related to determining the structures of their compounds .
moreover , much of the work has been concerned with the analysis of the spectra and the interpretation of the parameters [got] in terms of theory ; though this is an essential part of understanding of the chemistry of transition metals , it is less directly related to determining the structures of their compounds .

We therefore give an indication of what causes bands in the electronic spectra of transition metal compounds , of how these bands can be analyzed , and of what sort of structural information can be obtained from them .
we therefore give an indication of what causes bands in the electronic spectra of transition metal compounds , of how these bands can be analyzed , and of what sort of structural information can be [got] from them .

‘ If they were foreigners , ’ he said slowly , ‘ they must have obtained a royal licence to enter England . Would such a document be difficult to trace ? ’
‘ if they were foreigners , ’ he said slowly , ‘ they must have [got] a royal licence to enter england . would such a document be difficult to trace ? ’

The utility that would have been obtained with certainty prior to the union setting its monopoly wage rate must now be modified to take into account the uncertainty that is introduced with the unemployment probability .
the utility that would have been [got] with certainty prior to the union setting its monopoly wage rate must now be modified to take into account the uncertainty that is introduced with the unemployment probability .

This is obtained by substituting out terms in ( 26 ) from ( 24 ) and multiplication of the result through by .
this is [got] by substituting out terms in ( 26 ) from ( 24 ) and multiplication of the result through by .

The optimal output for each of the eight parameter pairs is given in Table 4 ( an example of the data obtained from the experiment is given in Table 5 ) .
the optimal output for each of the eight parameter pairs is given in table 4 ( an example of the data [got] from the experiment is given in table 5 ) .

The final equation obtained is shown in Table 1 .
the final equation [got] is shown in table 1 .

After a succession of data-based parameter restrictions we obtained equation ( 2.1 ) in Table 2 .
after a succession of data-based parameter restrictions we [got] equation ( 2.1 ) in table 2 .

Equilibrium quantities and prices in the model are obtained by combining ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) , ( 15 ) , and ( 16 ) , the explicit solutions being :
equilibrium quantities and prices in the model are [got] by combining ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) , ( 15 ) , and ( 16 ) , the explicit solutions being :

Although when measuring pebbles to determine axial lengths individually , relatively small numbers of grains are considered , in most methods large numbers of grains are examined so that a statistically meaningful set of numbers is obtained to characterize the sample .
although when measuring pebbles to determine axial lengths individually , relatively small numbers of grains are considered , in most methods large numbers of grains are examined so that a statistically meaningful set of numbers is [got] to characterize the sample .

Nevertheless , an enormous amount of information about a sedimentary deposit may be obtained from systematic examination of the multiple sub-populations of which most are formed .
nevertheless , an enormous amount of information about a sedimentary deposit may be [got] from systematic examination of the multiple sub-populations of which most are formed .

Size analysis of fine particles therefore presents problems , for the pre-analytical preparations may largely determine the ultimate results obtained .
size analysis of fine particles therefore presents problems , for the pre-analytical preparations may largely determine the ultimate results [got] .

Each fraction of sediment obtained is weighed to ( ) .01 g .
each fraction of sediment [got] is weighed to ( ) .01 g .

In most laboratories standardization is to 15 or 20 minutes but some researchers recommend only 10–15 minutes ( Friedman & Johnson , 1982 , Lewis , 1984 ) and still others suggest that significant changes in the final analytical figures obtained may be detected after 35 minutes of shaking ( Mizutani , 1963 ) .
in most laboratories standardization is to 15 or 20 minutes but some researchers recommend only 10–15 minutes ( friedman & johnson , 1982 , lewis , 1984 ) and still others suggest that significant changes in the final analytical figures [got] may be detected after 35 minutes of shaking ( mizutani , 1963 ) .

For most purposes acceptable reproducibility of analyses is obtained after 20 minutes .
for most purposes acceptable reproducibility of analyses is [got] after 20 minutes .

Inexpensive size analysis of naturally occurring fine sediments or of material obtained from wet sieving of a sediment containing significant fines is most satisfactorily achieved by the use of the pipette method ( Krumbein & pettijohn , 1961 ; Galehouse , 1971b ; Folk , 1974b ) .
inexpensive size analysis of naturally occurring fine sediments or of material [got] from wet sieving of a sediment containing significant fines is most satisfactorily achieved by the use of the pipette method ( krumbein & pettijohn , 1961 ; galehouse , 1971b ; folk , 1974b ) .

However , interpretation of the measurements obtained is less clear .
however , interpretation of the measurements [got] is less clear .

In all cases the numbers obtained serve to define the position of the distribution plot , its slope , and the nature of any irregularities .
in all cases the numbers [got] serve to define the position of the distribution plot , its slope , and the nature of any irregularities .

When laid out fully the inclusive graphic skewness is obtained from :
when laid out fully the inclusive graphic skewness is [got] from :

Although the parameters obtained are analogous to those of graphical statistics their derivation employs the entire grain population and so they are more representative than the graphically derived values .
although the parameters [got] are analogous to those of graphical statistics their derivation employs the entire grain population and so they are more representative than the graphically derived values .

Distribution of the ‘ pan residue ’ fraction from sieving among a specified number of phi classes ‘ to permit application of moment methods ’ is not good practise and may lead to misleading , if not meaningless , results being obtained .
distribution of the ‘ pan residue ’ fraction from sieving among a specified number of phi classes ‘ to permit application of moment methods ’ is not good practise and may lead to misleading , if not meaningless , results being [got] .

As many of these are readily obtained by simple screening techniques applied to natural sedimentary deposits it is of interest to record the prescribed limitations of the aggregate gradings .
as many of these are readily [got] by simple screening techniques applied to natural sedimentary deposits it is of interest to record the prescribed limitations of the aggregate gradings .

Many workers proceed directly to examination of thin sections , but there is a great deal of information to be obtained from examining rock slices and cut faces , particularly in the case of limestones and sandstones .
many workers proceed directly to examination of thin sections , but there is a great deal of information to be [got] from examining rock slices and cut faces , particularly in the case of limestones and sandstones .

Further enhancement of detail can be obtained from these surfaces by photographing them with Kodalith® or equivalent high-contrast orthochromatic line film .
further enhancement of detail can be [got] from these surfaces by photographing them with kodalith® or equivalent high-contrast orthochromatic line film .

However , much more information can be obtained from sections made to a higher specification , with ( 1 ) both rock surfaces ground optically flat and polished , and ( 2 ) special care taken to produce an extremely thin and uniform bonding film between glass and slice .
however , much more information can be [got] from sections made to a higher specification , with ( 1 ) both rock surfaces ground optically flat and polished , and ( 2 ) special care taken to produce an extremely thin and uniform bonding film between glass and slice .

For thin sections , best results are obtained if the stain is warmed .
for thin sections , best results are [got] if the stain is warmed .

Best results are obtained with non-porous samples ; surface cavities cause the film to bulge into the void , causing blisters and a risk of tearing the completed peel .
best results are [got] with non-porous samples ; surface cavities cause the film to bulge into the void , causing blisters and a risk of tearing the completed peel .

, until high quality peels can be consistently obtained .
, until high quality peels can be consistently [got] .

Larger glass mounting plates can be obtained from photographic dealers .
larger glass mounting plates can be [got] from photographic dealers .

The negative print obtained has the advantage of increased contrast , enhancing many details in the preparation .
the negative print [got] has the advantage of increased contrast , enhancing many details in the preparation .

Thin sections of carbonate rocks in particular require a high contrast , and this may be obtained by stopping down the substage iris somewhat .
thin sections of carbonate rocks in particular require a high contrast , and this may be [got] by stopping down the substage iris somewhat .

Best results are obtained with magnifications of × 10 or less .
best results are [got] with magnifications of × 10 or less .

Since the optics of the microscope are arranged for white light , where each wavelength is brought to a slightly different focus , optimum resolution in monochrome photographs is obtained by employing a medium density green filter ( selecting a wavelength in the middle of the range ) .
since the optics of the microscope are arranged for white light , where each wavelength is brought to a slightly different focus , optimum resolution in monochrome photographs is [got] by employing a medium density green filter ( selecting a wavelength in the middle of the range ) .

The nature of the contained grains can be obtained from grain mineralogy ( Section 5.2.1 ) plus the origin of lithic clasts ( Table 5.3 ) .
the nature of the contained grains can be [got] from grain mineralogy ( section 5.2.1 ) plus the origin of lithic clasts ( table 5.3 ) .

Care should be taken that the same classification method is used for all samples plotted , particularly if data are obtained from other , workers , as different classifications can result in variation of the position of plotted points ( and hence composition ) ( Zuffa , 1985 ) .
care should be taken that the same classification method is used for all samples plotted , particularly if data are [got] from other , workers , as different classifications can result in variation of the position of plotted points ( and hence composition ) ( zuffa , 1985 ) .

Unfortunately , experience is the best guide to fabric interpretation , and this can only be obtained by study of many different sediment types .
unfortunately , experience is the best guide to fabric interpretation , and this can only be [got] by study of many different sediment types .

Graduates who obtained their degrees before January 1974 can teach in secondary schools without having taken a course of professional training , and those who graduated before January 1970 may teach in primary and special schools as well .
graduates who [got] their degrees before january 1974 can teach in secondary schools without having taken a course of professional training , and those who graduated before january 1970 may teach in primary and special schools as well .

Some are normally obtained through study at school , others through further education .
some are normally [got] through study at school , others through further education .

This is illustrated by Figure 11.9 , which shows the numbers of degrees of various types obtained by full-time university students in 1987 .
this is illustrated by figure 11.9 , which shows the numbers of degrees of various types [got] by full-time university students in 1987 .

For this essentially destructive task , this necessary clearing of the ground so that greater liberty for the individual could be obtained naturally and more or less spontaneously , an absolute ruler seemed well suited .
for this essentially destructive task , this necessary clearing of the ground so that greater liberty for the individual could be [got] naturally and more or less spontaneously , an absolute ruler seemed well suited .

Both Britain and France found difficulty in obtaining sufficient volunteers for their fleets , partly because the wages they offered their sailors compared very poorly with what could be obtained by service on a merchantman , and still more so with what might be made on a successful privateer .
both britain and france found difficulty in obtaining sufficient volunteers for their fleets , partly because the wages they offered their sailors compared very poorly with what could be [got] by service on a merchantman , and still more so with what might be made on a successful privateer .

Thus in 1779 , when it was desired to refer to Choiseul 's despatches relating to the Family Compact of 1761 , they could not be found and copies had to be obtained from Madrid .
thus in 1779 , when it was desired to refer to choiseul 's despatches relating to the family compact of 1761 , they could not be found and copies had to be [got] from madrid .

On the other hand if is negative the quadratic form obtained is
on the other hand if is negative the quadratic form [got] is

Then the Einstein equation is The choice of the constant of proportionality will be justified in Section 7.4 by taking the classical limit and showing that Newton 's law of gravitation is then obtained .
then the einstein equation is the choice of the constant of proportionality will be justified in section 7.4 by taking the classical limit and showing that newton 's law of gravitation is then [got] .

This result can be compared with the exact expression obtained by Hawking .
this result can be compared with the exact expression [got] by hawking .

None demonstrably exceeds the mass limit of 3.5 for neutron stars obtained by Friedman et al .
none demonstrably exceeds the mass limit of 3.5 for neutron stars [got] by friedman et al .

The metric connections can be obtained from eqn ( 6.5 ) , while noting that the differentials of are zero : .
the metric connections can be [got] from eqn ( 6.5 ) , while noting that the differentials of are zero : .

Nestle Co. advertised to the public that the records could be obtained from Nestle Co. for 1s .
nestle co. advertised to the public that the records could be [got] from nestle co. for 1s .

‘ Whereas the said John Weston Foakes is indebted to the said Julia Beer and she has obtained a judgment in Her Majesty 's High Court of Justice , Exchequer Division , for the sum of £2,090 19s .
‘ whereas the said john weston foakes is indebted to the said julia beer and she has [got] a judgment in her majesty 's high court of justice , exchequer division , for the sum of £2,090 19s .

All information about the school has , therefore , been obtained from my interviews with members of the art department , and from various documents provided by the Head of Art .
all information about the school has , therefore , been [got] from my interviews with members of the art department , and from various documents provided by the head of art .

The above relationships may be represented in a more visually direct manner by plotting the matching scores of each grid along selected dimensions . By summing the matching scores obtained on each construct in table 12.2 it is possible to establish the total number of perceived connections , as shown in table 12.4
the above relationships may be represented in a more visually direct manner by plotting the matching scores of each grid along selected dimensions . by summing the matching scores [got] on each construct in table 12.2 it is possible to establish the total number of perceived connections , as shown in table 12.4

Maps of construals obtained from a peer group or from someone with greater expertise would serve to stimulate a wider perceptual search .
maps of construals [got] from a peer group or from someone with greater expertise would serve to stimulate a wider perceptual search .

and animals to and from markets and fairs can be seen in any detail and some idea obtained of the importance of certain places in the distribution of items across the landscape .
and animals to and from markets and fairs can be seen in any detail and some idea [got] of the importance of certain places in the distribution of items across the landscape .

Some idea of status has to be obtained , therefore , if the local ecclesiastical hierarchy is to be understood .
some idea of status has to be [got] , therefore , if the local ecclesiastical hierarchy is to be understood .

Stocks of gold , silver and platinum group metals are valued according to the source from which the metal is obtained .
stocks of gold , silver and platinum group metals are valued according to the source from which the metal is [got] .

Photographs and diagrams have to be obtained or taken , labelled , sorted , chosen and captioned .
photographs and diagrams have to be [got] or taken , labelled , sorted , chosen and captioned .

Many other aquatic plants can be obtained from good garden centres .
many other aquatic plants can be [got] from good garden centres .

Through a contact of his mother , he then obtained regular work at Bauteil in Glasgow .
through a contact of his mother , he then [got] regular work at bauteil in glasgow .

The documents obtained in this way were stored in an archive in Salamanca ( where they remain to this day ) and , after the end of the war , were constantly referred to by the military courts trying suspected Republicans .
the documents [got] in this way were stored in an archive in salamanca ( where they remain to this day ) and , after the end of the war , were constantly referred to by the military courts trying suspected republicans .

This sheet should be readily available in each Group and need not be obtained from Finance .
this sheet should be readily available in each group and need not be [got] from finance .

Having made the model , the solution can be obtained by using trigonometry or scale drawing ( as here ) .
having made the model , the solution can be [got] by using trigonometry or scale drawing ( as here ) .

a note of how the results obtained determined the direction in which the investigation proceeded .
a note of how the results [got] determined the direction in which the investigation proceeded .

There should be evidence of summarising and drawing appropriate conclusions from the evidence obtained during the investigation .
there should be evidence of summarising and drawing appropriate conclusions from the evidence [got] during the investigation .

Compare the two average percentage errors obtained by the two groups .
compare the two average percentage errors [got] by the two groups .

Any information obtained from a lawful medical examination regarding the medical condition and history of a disabled person would be collected and maintained on separate forms and in separate medical files .
any information [got] from a lawful medical examination regarding the medical condition and history of a disabled person would be collected and maintained on separate forms and in separate medical files .

The employer who has obtained patent protection for an invention which is undergoing refinement may agree to supply customers with one of his own non patented substitute products until the development work has reached its conclusion .
the employer who has [got] patent protection for an invention which is undergoing refinement may agree to supply customers with one of his own non patented substitute products until the development work has reached its conclusion .

As soon as the candidate passes the examination , his/her contract of employment is considered as having been concluded , even in a case where the employer has hired in his/her stead a candidate who has obtained lower marks at the examination .
as soon as the candidate passes the examination , his/her contract of employment is considered as having been concluded , even in a case where the employer has hired in his/her stead a candidate who has [got] lower marks at the examination .

The defendant , a Greek bank of the private sector , had announced a public open competition for hiring of male and female employees , specifying that appointments would be made on the basis of separate lists of successful candidates , according to sex and marks obtained .
the defendant , a greek bank of the private sector , had announced a public open competition for hiring of male and female employees , specifying that appointments would be made on the basis of separate lists of successful candidates , according to sex and marks [got] .

On March 5 , 1986 , the bank hired a male candidate who obtained a mark of 46.50 and subsequently it hired another six male candidates who had obtained marks between 46.50 and 42 while it did not hire the claimant , a woman who had obtained a mark of 48 .
on march 5 , 1986 , the bank hired a male candidate who [got] a mark of 46.50 and subsequently it hired another six male candidates who had [got] marks between 46.50 and 42 while it did not hire the claimant , a woman who had [got] a mark of 48 .

Such discrimination is contrary to the principle of equal treatment of men and women regarding access to employment , which requires the setting up of a single list of successful candidates , without any regard to their sex , according to the marks obtained , and the hiring from this list according to the marks , irrespective of the candidates ' sex and the needs invoked by the employer , except in cases of occupational activities for which , by reason of their nature or the context in which they are carried out , the sex of the worker constitutes a determining factor .
such discrimination is contrary to the principle of equal treatment of men and women regarding access to employment , which requires the setting up of a single list of successful candidates , without any regard to their sex , according to the marks [got] , and the hiring from this list according to the marks , irrespective of the candidates ' sex and the needs invoked by the employer , except in cases of occupational activities for which , by reason of their nature or the context in which they are carried out , the sex of the worker constitutes a determining factor .

Both from the professional integrity point of view and to avoid legal repercussions , specialist input should be obtained where necessary , even if it has to be ‘ brought in ’ .
both from the professional integrity point of view and to avoid legal repercussions , specialist input should be [got] where necessary , even if it has to be ‘ brought in ’ .

Where the realisation of a hazard could give rise to significant consequences to people and the environment , then specialist advice should be obtained if necessary .
where the realisation of a hazard could give rise to significant consequences to people and the environment , then specialist advice should be [got] if necessary .

It did not come to much : but it was perhaps essential before Britain obtained major allies to believe that somehow a revolutionary movement could be incited to grow in occupied Europe .
it did not come to much : but it was perhaps essential before britain [got] major allies to believe that somehow a revolutionary movement could be incited to grow in occupied europe .

The Liberal Party obtained only about 9 % of the voters ' support , and Common Wealth merely 1 % or 2 % .
the liberal party [got] only about 9 % of the voters ' support , and common wealth merely 1 % or 2 % .

Although the Labour victory was an overwhelming one in terms of parliamentary seats — 393 out of a total of 640 , whereas the Conservatives and their allies obtained only 213 — the proportion of the voters who voted Labour was still less than half , at 47 — 8 % .
although the labour victory was an overwhelming one in terms of parliamentary seats — 393 out of a total of 640 , whereas the conservatives and their allies [got] only 213 — the proportion of the voters who voted labour was still less than half , at 47 — 8 % .

They found that the same pattern of results was obtained even when only one eye fixation per slide was allowed , always on the central detail .
they found that the same pattern of results was [got] even when only one eye fixation per slide was allowed , always on the central detail .

The importance of considering the task which the subject is actually performing is made clear by the difference in results obtained from studies using different tasks during the arousal manipulation .
the importance of considering the task which the subject is actually performing is made clear by the difference in results [got] from studies using different tasks during the arousal manipulation .

An additional measure of objective risk which is similar to the one used in the Watts and Quimby ( 1980 ) study was obtained by simply dividing the number of accidents by the traffic flow ( note that the units of this measure are essentially arbitrary ) .
an additional measure of objective risk which is similar to the one used in the watts and quimby ( 1980 ) study was [got] by simply dividing the number of accidents by the traffic flow ( note that the units of this measure are essentially arbitrary ) .

Correlations between pairs of measures across the 40 junctions were calculated for each subject individually , the 30 correlations obtained in each case were then averaged using Fisher 's z transformation ( Silver and Dunlap 1987 ) .
correlations between pairs of measures across the 40 junctions were calculated for each subject individually , the 30 correlations [got] in each case were then averaged using fisher 's z transformation ( silver and dunlap 1987 ) .

Correlations calculated this way are generally smaller than those that would have been obtained by correlating the averages but because they do not average out the variance from different subjects they provide a more realistic assessment of the size of an effect for any individual subject .
correlations calculated this way are generally smaller than those that would have been [got] by correlating the averages but because they do not average out the variance from different subjects they provide a more realistic assessment of the size of an effect for any individual subject .

Relationships with all the variables obtained and the degrees of freedom used in assessing significance are given in Appendix 1.2 .
relationships with all the variables [got] and the degrees of freedom used in assessing significance are given in appendix 1.2 .

were deliberately excluded on the basis that they could have been obtained from previous local knowledge .
were deliberately excluded on the basis that they could have been [got] from previous local knowledge .

The generally low levels of memory which had been expected were obtained .
the generally low levels of memory which had been expected were [got] .

To be able to compare results from the simulator with those previously obtained on the road it was decided to have subjects perform precisely the same judgment tasks that had been used in Study 1 , giving ratings of subjective risk and estimates of accident statistics .
to be able to compare results from the simulator with those previously [got] on the road it was decided to have subjects perform precisely the same judgment tasks that had been used in study 1 , giving ratings of subjective risk and estimates of accident statistics .

( 1984 ) suggest that the mixed results obtained in recognition experiments can often be explained by the fact that researchers have concentrated on the effects of schemas on numbers of hits and false alarms in different conditions .
( 1984 ) suggest that the mixed results [got] in recognition experiments can often be explained by the fact that researchers have concentrated on the effects of schemas on numbers of hits and false alarms in different conditions .

Thus although the rating tasks performed in this study are not uncorrelated with the risk and accident estimates previously obtained for the stimuli from Study 2 there is no reason to assume that subjects were unnaturally concentrating on risks in the way they may have been for Studies 1 and 2 .
thus although the rating tasks performed in this study are not uncorrelated with the risk and accident estimates previously [got] for the stimuli from study 2 there is no reason to assume that subjects were unnaturally concentrating on risks in the way they may have been for studies 1 and 2 .

Since this distribution is similar to that obtained in Study 2 these 14 categories were divided into the same six categories that were used in that study .
since this distribution is similar to that [got] in study 2 these 14 categories were divided into the same six categories that were used in that study .

Although the measure of schema-consistency from these studies is not compelling , it seems unlikely that schema theory could provide an adequate explanation of the sensitivity results that were obtained .
although the measure of schema-consistency from these studies is not compelling , it seems unlikely that schema theory could provide an adequate explanation of the sensitivity results that were [got] .

Secondly , new ratings of the stimuli , obtained from a separate study , are used to explore the results further .
secondly , new ratings of the stimuli , [got] from a separate study , are used to explore the results further .

This contrasts with the normality ratings obtained from Study 3 which were clearly used differently in the new context .
this contrasts with the normality ratings [got] from study 3 which were clearly used differently in the new context .

If recognition sensitivity were directly proportional to the amount of information in a stimulus this would give the obtained results , risky exemplars being associated with good recognition at high risk junctions but with bad recognition at low risk junctions .
if recognition sensitivity were directly proportional to the amount of information in a stimulus this would give the [got] results , risky exemplars being associated with good recognition at high risk junctions but with bad recognition at low risk junctions .

Books and journal articles can be obtained through the national inter–lending service co–ordinated by the British Library .
books and journal articles can be [got] through the national inter–lending service co–ordinated by the british library .

Any items appearing in its weekly information Bulletin may be borrowed or obtained as a photocopy as appropriate .
any items appearing in its weekly information bulletin may be borrowed or [got] as a photocopy as appropriate .

Bibliographic searches of the Planning Exchange database can be obtained on request .
bibliographic searches of the planning exchange database can be [got] on request .

Will be paid if you are required to be at work over the lunch period ( ie 1200 – 1400 ) and there is no Council establishment at which a lunch could be obtained .
will be paid if you are required to be at work over the lunch period ( ie 1200 – 1400 ) and there is no council establishment at which a lunch could be [got] .

1992 saw a substantial increase in both tendering activity and value of work obtained , provided outstanding low bids become firm contracts .
1992 saw a substantial increase in both tendering activity and value of work [got] , provided outstanding low bids become firm contracts .

Once we have put aside such relatively easy observations as the tendency or requirement for long or complex adjective phrases to occur postnominally , there are two fundamental questions which badly need to be asked about the grammar of postnominal attributives : ( a ) What is the difference in effect or value obtained by the speaker who uses postnominal position when prenominal position is equally grammatical ?
once we have put aside such relatively easy observations as the tendency or requirement for long or complex adjective phrases to occur postnominally , there are two fundamental questions which badly need to be asked about the grammar of postnominal attributives : ( a ) what is the difference in effect or value [got] by the speaker who uses postnominal position when prenominal position is equally grammatical ?

He brought out all the papal arguments and the curial forces from legates to censures , but while he obtained acknowledgement of his final authority in matrimonial matters , he made little other headway .
he brought out all the papal arguments and the curial forces from legates to censures , but while he [got] acknowledgement of his final authority in matrimonial matters , he made little other headway .

Details of maternity rights , including absence from work and maternity pay , may be obtained from the Personnel Manager who should be advised once pregnancy has been confirmed .
details of maternity rights , including absence from work and maternity pay , may be [got] from the personnel manager who should be advised once pregnancy has been confirmed .

In the event of a claim arising , further details may be obtained from the Personnel Department .
in the event of a claim arising , further details may be [got] from the personnel department .

Favourable rates for Central Services employees may be obtained on private insurance policies e.g .
favourable rates for central services employees may be [got] on private insurance policies e.g .

Large-scale maps can incorporate data obtained by dense sampling of small areas , whereas small-scale maps of offshore areas reflect the much lower sampling density possible is such areas .
large-scale maps can incorporate data [got] by dense sampling of small areas , whereas small-scale maps of offshore areas reflect the much lower sampling density possible is such areas .

The magistrates obtained an Act authorising them to borrow £160,000 to build part of a range of docks designed by John Rennie .
the magistrates [got] an act authorising them to borrow £160,000 to build part of a range of docks designed by john rennie .

The Leith Chamber of Commerce was instituted in 1840 and in 1852 the Directors petitioned for and obtained a Charter of Incorporation on their representation ‘ That the town of Leith is the principal seaport in the East of Scotland and it would tend much to the encouragement and promotion of the trade and manufacture already extensively established and carried on there , if the Petitioners were incorporated as a Chamber of Commerce and Manufacturers , with the powers and privileges usually conferred on such bodies ’ .
the leith chamber of commerce was instituted in 1840 and in 1852 the directors petitioned for and [got] a charter of incorporation on their representation ‘ that the town of leith is the principal seaport in the east of scotland and it would tend much to the encouragement and promotion of the trade and manufacture already extensively established and carried on there , if the petitioners were incorporated as a chamber of commerce and manufacturers , with the powers and privileges usually conferred on such bodies ’ .

The consent of the Treasury was obtained to the adoption of a plan presented by Mr. James Meadows Rendel to construct a new dock .
the consent of the treasury was [got] to the adoption of a plan presented by mr. james meadows rendel to construct a new dock .

On June 11 the Supreme Court struck down a federal law prohibiting the desecration of the flag ; a proposed constitutional amendment — supported by Bush — to prohibit such activities failed to generate sufficient support in Congress , although it obtained a simple majority in each chamber [ see pp. 37241 ; 37525 ] .
on june 11 the supreme court struck down a federal law prohibiting the desecration of the flag ; a proposed constitutional amendment — supported by bush — to prohibit such activities failed to generate sufficient support in congress , although it [got] a simple majority in each chamber [ see pp. 37241 ; 37525 ] .

On Aug. 7 the Dublin High Court prevented 14 students from providing information within Ireland about abortion services which could be obtained in the United Kingdom .
on aug. 7 the dublin high court prevented 14 students from providing information within ireland about abortion services which could be [got] in the united kingdom .

On Jan. 6 Mobutu met party leaders at N'Sele ( 60 km from Kinshasa ) to discuss a new constitution and an electoral timetable , and , according to a report in the International Herald Tribune of Jan. 16 , he obtained their agreement to participate in an interim government , provided that such a government were `` representative , responsible and independent `` .
on jan. 6 mobutu met party leaders at n'sele ( 60 km from kinshasa ) to discuss a new constitution and an electoral timetable , and , according to a report in the international herald tribune of jan. 16 , he [got] their agreement to participate in an interim government , provided that such a government were `` representative , responsible and independent `` .

In July Higgins had been accused of `` compromising national security `` in an article about a crackdown on nationalists in Nei Mongol province ( Inner Mongolia ) , based on an internal party document which the Foreign Ministry claimed he had obtained `` illegally `` .
in july higgins had been accused of `` compromising national security `` in an article about a crackdown on nationalists in nei mongol province ( inner mongolia ) , based on an internal party document which the foreign ministry claimed he had [got] `` illegally `` .

Results showed that the President obtained slightly less than 82 per cent of the vote ( in 1985 he claimed to have received 100 per cent — p. 33963 ) , with his strongest constituency in rural areas .
results showed that the president [got] slightly less than 82 per cent of the vote ( in 1985 he claimed to have received 100 per cent — p. 33963 ) , with his strongest constituency in rural areas .

However , another memorandum obtained by the press indicated that Buthelezi at least knew of the financing of the rally in November 1989 .
however , another memorandum [got] by the press indicated that buthelezi at least knew of the financing of the rally in november 1989 .

Tocas had reportedly obtained the signed commitment of 40,000 growers to support a crop substitution programme .
tocas had reportedly [got] the signed commitment of 40,000 growers to support a crop substitution programme .

Two major Spanish banks , the Banco Español de Crédito ( Banesto ) and the Banco Hispano Americâno , obtained between them 19 per cent of Aerolíneas capital .
two major spanish banks , the banco español de crédito ( banesto ) and the banco hispano americâno , [got] between them 19 per cent of aerolíneas capital .

He was accused of improperly acquiring 8,280,000 Itoman shares between October 1989 and November 1990 with loans obtained from Itoman subsidiaries .
he was accused of improperly acquiring 8,280,000 itoman shares between october 1989 and november 1990 with loans [got] from itoman subsidiaries .

The Liberal Democrat candidate Paul Clark obtained 36 per cent of the vote on July 4 , while the Conservative candidate Berkeley Greenwood obtained only 2.8 per cent .
the liberal democrat candidate paul clark [got] 36 per cent of the vote on july 4 , while the conservative candidate berkeley greenwood [got] only 2.8 per cent .

Agboyibo obtained a meeting with Eyadema on March 17 , and the following day Eyadema met the leaders of all 10 groupings .
agboyibo [got] a meeting with eyadema on march 17 , and the following day eyadema met the leaders of all 10 groupings .

Biswas , who obtained 172 out of 264 votes cast , succeeded Chief Justice Shehabuddin Ahmed , Acting President since December 1990 [ see p. 37907 ] .
biswas , who [got] 172 out of 264 votes cast , succeeded chief justice shehabuddin ahmed , acting president since december 1990 [ see p. 37907 ] .

Run-off elections were held in a second round of voting on Feb. 16 and 23 where no candidate had obtained a simple majority in the first round .
run-off elections were held in a second round of voting on feb. 16 and 23 where no candidate had [got] a simple majority in the first round .

The move was thought to have caused severe food shortages by reducing the purchasing power of most households and thereby limiting the quantity of black market provisions which could be obtained .
the move was thought to have caused severe food shortages by reducing the purchasing power of most households and thereby limiting the quantity of black market provisions which could be [got] .

As soon as the result was announced , however , Heseltine and then Hurd conceded to Major , and despite some initial confusion as to the correct procedure it was decided not to proceed to a third ballot in which a preference system of voting would have obtained .
as soon as the result was announced , however , heseltine and then hurd conceded to major , and despite some initial confusion as to the correct procedure it was decided not to proceed to a third ballot in which a preference system of voting would have [got] .

Since none of the candidates obtained an overall majority , Walesa ( who had fallen well short of his objective of outright victory in the first round ) and Tyminski would contest a run-off for the presidency on Dec. 9 .
since none of the candidates [got] an overall majority , walesa ( who had fallen well short of his objective of outright victory in the first round ) and tyminski would contest a run-off for the presidency on dec. 9 .

Six newcomers won seats in the Niue Assembly in the general election held in May 1990 , Niue 's sixth since the island obtained self-governing status in October 1974 [ for previous general election in March 1987 see p. 35206 ] .
six newcomers won seats in the niue assembly in the general election held in may 1990 , niue 's sixth since the island [got] self-governing status in october 1974 [ for previous general election in march 1987 see p. 35206 ] .

37312 ; 37484 ] and former Justice Minister Enrique Parejo González [ see p. 35756 ] obtained the highest number of votes in their election to Bogotá 's council .
37312 ; 37484 ] and former justice minister enrique parejo gonzález [ see p. 35756 ] [got] the highest number of votes in their election to bogotá 's council .

Amnesty International , barred from visiting India since 1984 , claimed on the basis of information obtained from sources in the local press and human rights organizations that the country 's legal system , free press and civil liberties bodies were powerless to curb widespread and `` routine `` police torture .
amnesty international , barred from visiting india since 1984 , claimed on the basis of information [got] from sources in the local press and human rights organizations that the country 's legal system , free press and civil liberties bodies were powerless to curb widespread and `` routine `` police torture .

Iran 's nuclear programme continued to be a focus of attention , as the German magazine Stern of March 15 cited intelligence sources for a report that Iran had obtained two nuclear warheads and a medium-range delivery system from newly independent Kazakhstan .
iran 's nuclear programme continued to be a focus of attention , as the german magazine stern of march 15 cited intelligence sources for a report that iran had [got] two nuclear warheads and a medium-range delivery system from newly independent kazakhstan .

According to the report , the New York-based Lawyers ' Committee for Human Rights had obtained evidence that the 17 had been charged with `` vague and broadly worded offences `` under a 1965 government decree which outlawed actions `` opposing any of the goals of the revolution , or advocating any disorderly acts or publishing false news with the aim of causing disorder `` .
according to the report , the new york-based lawyers ' committee for human rights had [got] evidence that the 17 had been charged with `` vague and broadly worded offences `` under a 1965 government decree which outlawed actions `` opposing any of the goals of the revolution , or advocating any disorderly acts or publishing false news with the aim of causing disorder `` .

In a turnout unofficially set at 59 per cent of the approximately 165,000 registered voters , Antonio Mascarenhas Monteiro , a former Supreme Court judge , obtained 73.5 per cent of the votes , while Pereira gained only 26.5 per cent .
in a turnout unofficially set at 59 per cent of the approximately 165,000 registered voters , antonio mascarenhas monteiro , a former supreme court judge , [got] 73.5 per cent of the votes , while pereira gained only 26.5 per cent .

At the first level training will be primarily on-the-job but assistants can secure a vocational qualification obtained over two years validated by the National Council for Vocational Qualifications .
at the first level training will be primarily on-the-job but assistants can secure a vocational qualification [got] over two years validated by the national council for vocational qualifications .

Teachers ' groups or pupils could also create their own databases using local sources obtained from their county archives office , after first seeking permission from the record office whose source material it is .
teachers ' groups or pupils could also create their own databases using local sources [got] from their county archives office , after first seeking permission from the record office whose source material it is .

Evaluation on staff development activities is primarily obtained from feedback/evaluation forms completed by participants .
evaluation on staff development activities is primarily [got] from feedback/evaluation forms completed by participants .

54 ( 2 ) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall affect the creation by parol of leases taking effect in possession for a term not exceeding three years ( whether or not the lessee is given power to extend the term ) at the best rent which can be reasonably obtained without taking a fine .
54 ( 2 ) nothing in the foregoing provisions of this part of this act shall affect the creation by parol of leases taking effect in possession for a term not exceeding three years ( whether or not the lessee is given power to extend the term ) at the best rent which can be reasonably [got] without taking a fine .

Finding herself unable to gain entry the plaintiff obtained an ex parte injunction to readmit her to the premises .
finding herself unable to gain entry the plaintiff [got] an ex parte injunction to readmit her to the premises .

Tagro v Cafane gives valuable guidance on the scope of the `` reinstatement `` defences … Both defences depend upon reinstatement being offered or obtained .
tagro v cafane gives valuable guidance on the scope of the `` reinstatement `` defences … both defences depend upon reinstatement being offered or [got] .

210 In all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .
210 in all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment [got] and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .

It should be noted , however , that in Lawrence there was an appropriation when the accused obtained goods by deception ; that under Lawrence the accused may appropriate when the parties are in a contractual relationship ; and that Lawrence shows that the same facts can amount to theft and obtaining property by deception .
it should be noted , however , that in lawrence there was an appropriation when the accused [got] goods by deception ; that under lawrence the accused may appropriate when the parties are in a contractual relationship ; and that lawrence shows that the same facts can amount to theft and obtaining property by deception .

If the accused later discovers the defect in title and sells the item without disclosing the defect , he will have obtained the sale price by deception , the deception being that he has a good title .
if the accused later discovers the defect in title and sells the item without disclosing the defect , he will have [got] the sale price by deception , the deception being that he has a good title .

( b ) If a first person owes the victim a sum of money , the accused forges an assignment from the victim to him , and the first person pays the accused , the accused has stolen property ( and obtained it by deception ) .
( b ) if a first person owes the victim a sum of money , the accused forges an assignment from the victim to him , and the first person pays the accused , the accused has stolen property ( and [got] it by deception ) .

In Meech the victim obtained a cheque by fraud .
in meech the victim [got] a cheque by fraud .

( d ) If the victim is not deceived , the accused has not obtained by deception .
( d ) if the victim is not deceived , the accused has not [got] by deception .

By that misrepresentation the accused obtained both property and a pecuniary advantage .
by that misrepresentation the accused [got] both property and a pecuniary advantage .

The property , it is thought , must already be in existence at the time when it was obtained .
the property , it is thought , must already be in existence at the time when it was [got] .

Section 16(2) provides : [ t ] he cases in which a pecuniary advantage … is to be regarded as obtained for a person are cases where — ( b ) he is allowed to borrow by way of overdraft , or to take out any policy of insurance or annuity contract , or obtains an improvement of the terms on which he is allowed to do so ; or
section 16(2) provides : [ t ] he cases in which a pecuniary advantage … is to be regarded as [got] for a person are cases where — ( b ) he is allowed to borrow by way of overdraft , or to take out any policy of insurance or annuity contract , or obtains an improvement of the terms on which he is allowed to do so ; or

The previous law of deception had only covered situations where the accused had obtained ownership .
the previous law of deception had only covered situations where the accused had [got] ownership .

Section 15 extended the law to include situations where he obtained possession or control as well as ownership .
section 15 extended the law to include situations where he [got] possession or control as well as ownership .

It can , however , be obtained by deception .
it can , however , be [got] by deception .

If the accused gets a video on credit intending to sell it , he has obtained it by deception and he has assumed one of the rights of the owner within the definition of appropriation .
if the accused gets a video on credit intending to sell it , he has [got] it by deception and he has assumed one of the rights of the owner within the definition of appropriation .

( h ) Leaving aside the Court of Appeal decision in Lawrence , the overlap occurs where the accused obtains the property by deception but has not obtained ownership at the moment of the appropriation .
( h ) leaving aside the court of appeal decision in lawrence , the overlap occurs where the accused obtains the property by deception but has not [got] ownership at the moment of the appropriation .

( e ) The service must be obtained .
( e ) the service must be [got] .

Therefore , a prostitute 's services can be obtained by deception with s.1 .
therefore , a prostitute 's services can be [got] by deception with s.1 .

( If the services are obtained but without deception , s.1 does not apply . )
( if the services are [got] but without deception , s.1 does not apply . )

By s.24 goods are stolen for the purposes of handling if any one or four conditions is fulfilled : ( a ) they have been stolen contrary to s.1 ; ( b ) they have been obtained by deception contrary to s.15 ; ( c ) they have been obtained by blackmail contrary to s.21 ; ( d ) they have been subject to an act done in a foreign country which was both a crime in that country and had it occurred in England , would have been theft , obtaining by deception , or blackmail in this country .
by s.24 goods are stolen for the purposes of handling if any one or four conditions is fulfilled : ( a ) they have been stolen contrary to s.1 ; ( b ) they have been [got] by deception contrary to s.15 ; ( c ) they have been [got] by blackmail contrary to s.21 ; ( d ) they have been subject to an act done in a foreign country which was both a crime in that country and had it occurred in england , would have been theft , obtaining by deception , or blackmail in this country .

Little or no lather is obtained , nor is any effective work done by the soap or detergent until all the hardness has turned to insoluble scum .
little or no lather is [got] , nor is any effective work done by the soap or detergent until all the hardness has turned to insoluble scum .

However , Schmidt , Hunter and their associates ( 1977 , 1979 , 1980 , 1981 ) demonstrated that much of the variance among obtained validity coefficients may be a statistical artifact resulting from small sample sizes , criterion unreliability and restriction of range in employee samples .
however , schmidt , hunter and their associates ( 1977 , 1979 , 1980 , 1981 ) demonstrated that much of the variance among [got] validity coefficients may be a statistical artifact resulting from small sample sizes , criterion unreliability and restriction of range in employee samples .

For this reason , also the obtained coefficients may be too low to reach statistical significance in the sample used , and therefore may fail to provide evidence of the test 's validity .
for this reason , also the [got] coefficients may be too low to reach statistical significance in the sample used , and therefore may fail to provide evidence of the test 's validity .

The manner in which he obtained and manipulated the Resistance 's timely endorsement was symptomatic of his methods .
the manner in which he [got] and manipulated the resistance 's timely endorsement was symptomatic of his methods .

Application forms may be obtained from Solicitors Records , and should be returned to the Finance Department .
application forms may be [got] from solicitors records , and should be returned to the finance department .

The right to be relieved in one 's parish , perhaps as much as aversion to the workhouse as an institution , lay behind riots in Suffolk in 1765 where a practice of building large workhouses to serve several parishes had been developing since a private enabling statute had been obtained in 1756 .
the right to be relieved in one 's parish , perhaps as much as aversion to the workhouse as an institution , lay behind riots in suffolk in 1765 where a practice of building large workhouses to serve several parishes had been developing since a private enabling statute had been [got] in 1756 .

The problem in devising a search strategy is to discover what information justifies focusing on just some of the many possible interpretations , and then to decide how that information can be obtained and used .
the problem in devising a search strategy is to discover what information justifies focusing on just some of the many possible interpretations , and then to decide how that information can be [got] and used .

We have found that better recognition was obtained with a larger language model match factor , which prefers longer words over shorter ones , and deletions over insertions .
we have found that better recognition was [got] with a larger language model match factor , which prefers longer words over shorter ones , and deletions over insertions .

If n is a goal node , exit successfully with the solution obtained by tracing back the pointers from n to s .
if n is a goal node , exit successfully with the solution [got] by tracing back the pointers from n to s .

Breadth-first behaviour is obtained when h* ( n ) = 0 and the cost c ( n , n ' ) = 1 for each branch .
breadth-first behaviour is [got] when h* ( n ) = 0 and the cost c ( n , n ' ) = 1 for each branch .

However , if details of the invention are disclosed by a person acting in breach of confidence or who has obtained details unlawfully , that disclosure will be disregarded in determining the state of the art .
however , if details of the invention are disclosed by a person acting in breach of confidence or who has [got] details unlawfully , that disclosure will be disregarded in determining the state of the art .

In Catnic Components Ltd. v Hill & Smith Ltd. [ 1982 ] , the plaintiff obtained a patent for a load bearing lintel , the main strength of which came from a vertical metal rear face .
in catnic components ltd. v hill & smith ltd. [ 1982 ] , the plaintiff [got] a patent for a load bearing lintel , the main strength of which came from a vertical metal rear face .

However , the necessary reputation could be obtained relatively quickly by an intensive advertising campaign on national television .
however , the necessary reputation could be [got] relatively quickly by an intensive advertising campaign on national television .

The software company may even suggest that the problems will be overcome if new and more powerful equipment is obtained .
the software company may even suggest that the problems will be overcome if new and more powerful equipment is [got] .

The purchaser would still expect , rightly , to be able to obtain a remedy from the seller under the Sale of Goods Act even though he has not obtained ownership of the copyright subsisting in the computer program .
the purchaser would still expect , rightly , to be able to obtain a remedy from the seller under the sale of goods act even though he has not [got] ownership of the copyright subsisting in the computer program .

It may sometimes be difficult to determine the identity of the supplier where computer software is obtained off-the-shelf .
it may sometimes be difficult to determine the identity of the supplier where computer software is [got] off-the-shelf .

For example , if an expert system is obtained from a dealer is he the supplier or is it the company which made the expert system ?
for example , if an expert system is [got] from a dealer is he the supplier or is it the company which made the expert system ?

Unlike a simple bank reference where the significance and use of the information provided is fairly obvious , the advice obtained from an expert system depends on the interaction between the system and its user .
unlike a simple bank reference where the significance and use of the information provided is fairly obvious , the advice [got] from an expert system depends on the interaction between the system and its user .

As expert systems are designed for use by persons who have some general understanding of the knowledge domain , it is reasonable to assume that the user will take at least some of the responsibility for the output obtained .
as expert systems are designed for use by persons who have some general understanding of the knowledge domain , it is reasonable to assume that the user will take at least some of the responsibility for the output [got] .

Philosophically , this implied recognition of the existence and power of such common pleasures could be Epicurean , or some other form of hedonism : that is , the holding of pleasure ( which can be obtained in various ways , including abstinence ) to be the greatest good .
philosophically , this implied recognition of the existence and power of such common pleasures could be epicurean , or some other form of hedonism : that is , the holding of pleasure ( which can be [got] in various ways , including abstinence ) to be the greatest good .

NVQs can be obtained at different centres , at different workplaces , in different realistic work environments at any time of the year .
nvqs can be [got] at different centres , at different workplaces , in different realistic work environments at any time of the year .

Application forms should be available from the Office after Easter , but any further information may always be obtained from Rita Quick or any of the trainers .
application forms should be available from the office after easter , but any further information may always be [got] from rita quick or any of the trainers .

The consent of candidates must be obtained .
the consent of candidates must be [got] .

Extra tickets can be obtained from :
extra tickets can be [got] from :

More application brochures can be obtained on request from the Medau Office .
more application brochures can be [got] on request from the medau office .

Tickets priced at £8 will be on sale at the Reunion or can be obtained from Cicely Harris or from the office .
tickets priced at £8 will be on sale at the reunion or can be [got] from cicely harris or from the office .

Courses are at present being run in London ( usually at Quintin School ) , the South West ( either at Dartmouth or Weston-Super-Mare ) , the North West ( Cheadle ) and in Edinburgh , Norfolk also run further training sessions ( details for which should be obtained from the Norfolk trainers ) .
courses are at present being run in london ( usually at quintin school ) , the south west ( either at dartmouth or weston-super-mare ) , the north west ( cheadle ) and in edinburgh , norfolk also run further training sessions ( details for which should be [got] from the norfolk trainers ) .

Please indicate whether it is correct for the new season by inserting ‘ Correct 1981/82 ’ or amend as necessary and return immediately to the office sending any additional information as it is obtained .
please indicate whether it is correct for the new season by inserting ‘ correct 1981/82 ’ or amend as necessary and return immediately to the office sending any additional information as it is [got] .

There is even the possibility that the knowledge evoked here may have been obtained indirectly , through some other channel than direct experience , as a speaker could utter any of the above four sentences without ever having observed what he is asserting at all .
there is even the possibility that the knowledge evoked here may have been [got] indirectly , through some other channel than direct experience , as a speaker could utter any of the above four sentences without ever having observed what he is asserting at all .

To be more exact , get itself evokes the efforts required to obtain a certain behaviour from someone or something and the to infinitive expresses the result obtained .
to be more exact , get itself evokes the efforts required to obtain a certain behaviour from someone or something and the to infinitive expresses the result [got] .

Get evokes the infinitive 's event as a result which has been achieved or obtained but does not specify by what means .
get evokes the infinitive 's event as a result which has been achieved or [got] but does not specify by what means .

Moreover the meaning is not at all the same as with to + infinitive , as can be seen from the sample sentences below : ( 39 ) For years she had been driving illegally with a licence obtained in Italy where her brother had sent the examiner a case of wine — not necessary , but she had felt bolstered .
moreover the meaning is not at all the same as with to + infinitive , as can be seen from the sample sentences below : ( 39 ) for years she had been driving illegally with a licence [got] in italy where her brother had sent the examiner a case of wine — not necessary , but she had felt bolstered .

Similar impressions are obtained from other examples of this type : ( 22 ) He did not want to be alone , and had expected to find some of his friends at the bar .
similar impressions are [got] from other examples of this type : ( 22 ) he did not want to be alone , and had expected to find some of his friends at the bar .

Completion rates — this is a measure of the ‘ quantity ’ of degrees obtained , and is based on the percentage of each student cohort which completes the course of study on which they have set
completion rates — this is a measure of the ‘ quantity ’ of degrees [got] , and is based on the percentage of each student cohort which completes the course of study on which they have set

Degree performance — this is a measure of the ‘ quality ’ of degrees obtained by those who graduate .
degree performance — this is a measure of the ‘ quality ’ of degrees [got] by those who graduate .

Bourner and Hamed comment on the fact that the three qualifications which head the ranking are usually obtained as a result of part-time study , while the others are usually obtained through full-time study .
bourner and hamed comment on the fact that the three qualifications which head the ranking are usually [got] as a result of part-time study , while the others are usually [got] through full-time study .

Those with non A-level entry qualifications obtained by part-time study obtained the highest degree results on average .
those with non a-level entry qualifications [got] by part-time study [got] the highest degree results on average .

As for the A-level entrants , those with higher A-level point scores obtained a higher proportion of good degrees .
as for the a-level entrants , those with higher a-level point scores [got] a higher proportion of good degrees .

This paper investigates the possibility of identifying potential non-graduates , using information obtained before entry to university .
this paper investigates the possibility of identifying potential non-graduates , using information [got] before entry to university .

Johnes investigated further the influence of academic ability on student wastage , by comparing the importance of school examination results with the examination results obtained by students in the early stages at university .
johnes investigated further the influence of academic ability on student wastage , by comparing the importance of school examination results with the examination results [got] by students in the early stages at university .

Molloy and Carroll show that 77.7 % of SEs obtained a degree compared to a percentage figure of 74.3 % for NSEs .
molloy and carroll show that 77.7 % of ses [got] a degree compared to a percentage figure of 74.3 % for nses .

First class honours were obtained by 51 ( 4.1 % ) of the 1,241 SEs as compared with six ( 2.2 % ) of the 276 NSEs .
first class honours were [got] by 51 ( 4.1 % ) of the 1,241 ses as compared with six ( 2.2 % ) of the 276 nses .

However , he found that mature students as a whole obtained better degree results than non mature students .
however , he found that mature students as a whole [got] better degree results than non mature students .

Mature students below thirty years of age obtained significantly better degree results than the student population as a whole .
mature students below thirty years of age [got] significantly better degree results than the student population as a whole .

Good results were obtained by those who completed their courses and at least 74.3 % had at the time progressed satisfactorily ( 460 students ) .
good results were [got] by those who completed their courses and at least 74.3 % had at the time progressed satisfactorily ( 460 students ) .

During 1563 a German , Daniel Höchstetter , obtained rights to prospect for minerals in a number of counties including Lancashire and Cumberland ( now Cumbria ) , and it appears that he was satisfied with the findings .
during 1563 a german , daniel höchstetter , [got] rights to prospect for minerals in a number of counties including lancashire and cumberland ( now cumbria ) , and it appears that he was satisfied with the findings .

per ton through their agent Samuel Milner `` … the same being charged to the furnace amongst the Freight of Pigs ( iron ingots ) … `` There is no telling though , from where they obtained the copper .
per ton through their agent samuel milner `` … the same being charged to the furnace amongst the freight of pigs ( iron ingots ) … `` there is no telling though , from where they [got] the copper .

Roe obtained Mineral Rights from Sir William Fleming on 13 September 1756 .
roe [got] mineral rights from sir william fleming on 13 september 1756 .

The following spring the company obtained two houses for the men .
the following spring the company [got] two houses for the men .

About this time licence was obtained to prospect in the Seathwaite and Dunnerdale region but no great discoveries appear to have been made .
about this time licence was [got] to prospect in the seathwaite and dunnerdale region but no great discoveries appear to have been made .

Many materials — iron work , gunpowder , candles , timber , coal , and so on , were obtained from further afield and even the benefit of smelting the ore was denied the area .
many materials — iron work , gunpowder , candles , timber , coal , and so on , were [got] from further afield and even the benefit of smelting the ore was denied the area .

It is true that relief from the parish might be obtained in case of distress , but there would always be those whose pride would forbear them from applying for the pittance — at least they would avoid the humiliating and rigorous means test .
it is true that relief from the parish might be [got] in case of distress , but there would always be those whose pride would forbear them from applying for the pittance — at least they would avoid the humiliating and rigorous means test .

Around 1839 the family moved to Coniston where , in 1840 , he obtained a start at the copper mine doing sundry or day work and renting one of the mine cottages .
around 1839 the family moved to coniston where , in 1840 , he [got] a start at the copper mine doing sundry or day work and renting one of the mine cottages .

For many this was our first experience with firing live ammunition and also anti-tank weapons , and for this the disused pit of Rugby 's was used , and when some proficiency was obtained we were allowed to use the ranges at Milton near Gravesend .
for many this was our first experience with firing live ammunition and also anti-tank weapons , and for this the disused pit of rugby 's was used , and when some proficiency was [got] we were allowed to use the ranges at milton near gravesend .

The picture obtained may be compared with an event being filmed from a distance as a series of still shots with some blank shots in between and no close-ups .
the picture [got] may be compared with an event being filmed from a distance as a series of still shots with some blank shots in between and no close-ups .

The experiment obtained data on user preferences and general assessments of the performance of the two catalogues on ease of use and learning , display formats , selection menu design and the ease and speed of navigation and browsing .
the experiment [got] data on user preferences and general assessments of the performance of the two catalogues on ease of use and learning , display formats , selection menu design and the ease and speed of navigation and browsing .

Having obtained relevance information and performed one or more subsequent searches , the navigation problems multiply .
having [got] relevance information and performed one or more subsequent searches , the navigation problems multiply .

The first such charts should be done early — at the end of the first day even , and then added to and/or modified day by day as more data is obtained .
the first such charts should be done early — at the end of the first day even , and then added to and/or modified day by day as more data is [got] .

Does detail build up to a whole or is detail obtained by microscoping the whole ?
does detail build up to a whole or is detail [got] by microscoping the whole ?

Would the same result not have been obtained without the group ?
would the same result not have been [got] without the group ?

Then inversion of the expressions so obtained for the transforms of the dependent variables gives the viscoelastic solution for these variables .
then inversion of the expressions so [got] for the transforms of the dependent variables gives the viscoelastic solution for these variables .

This master curve is typical of those obtained on a number of amorphous polymers and to be found in the literature .
this master curve is typical of those [got] on a number of amorphous polymers and to be found in the literature .

Such curves are obtained by dilatometry which is a slow experiment and therefore capable of giving reproducible results for the glass transition temperature which , as we shall see , is strongly time-dependent .
such curves are [got] by dilatometry which is a slow experiment and therefore capable of giving reproducible results for the glass transition temperature which , as we shall see , is strongly time-dependent .

Here Tm represents the melting point and Tg1 , Tg2 … the glass transition temperature obtained at various ( decreasing ) rates of cooling .
here tm represents the melting point and tg1 , tg2 … the glass transition temperature [got] at various ( decreasing ) rates of cooling .

It is reasonable to consider that the glasses obtained by different cooling rates from the melt are different from each other .
it is reasonable to consider that the glasses [got] by different cooling rates from the melt are different from each other .

For this reason it may not be correct to relate thermodynamic quantities obtained from one cooling curve to those obtained by another as has been pointed out by Gee ( 1966 ) .
for this reason it may not be correct to relate thermodynamic quantities [got] from one cooling curve to those [got] by another as has been pointed out by gee ( 1966 ) .

In fact the agreement with experiment , though qualitatively correct , is not very good and better results are obtained by the use of a set of relaxation times rather than only one .
in fact the agreement with experiment , though qualitatively correct , is not very good and better results are [got] by the use of a set of relaxation times rather than only one .

Better bounds result from other choices of strain or stress states and have been obtained notably by Hill , by Hashin & Shtrikman and by Walpole .
better bounds result from other choices of strain or stress states and have been [got] notably by hill , by hashin & shtrikman and by walpole .

Finally , the result obtained has to be self-consistent with the properties assumed for the continuum .
finally , the result [got] has to be self-consistent with the properties assumed for the continuum .

Explicit formulae for the overall elastic constants have not been obtained , however , by the method .
explicit formulae for the overall elastic constants have not been [got] , however , by the method .

other elastic moduli may be obtained by manipulation of the k , l , m , n , p or of the corresponding in the usual way .
other elastic moduli may be [got] by manipulation of the k , l , m , n , p or of the corresponding in the usual way .

For many purposes this is quite sufficient and the values of Young 's modulus obtained compare well with those from other tests .
for many purposes this is quite sufficient and the values of young 's modulus [got] compare well with those from other tests .

The values of ( ml ) i obtained for the clamped-free case are : The ratios of the frequencies of harmonics to be expected from theory if there is no frequency dependence ( that is , an elastic bar ) are :
the values of ( ml ) i [got] for the clamped-free case are : the ratios of the frequencies of harmonics to be expected from theory if there is no frequency dependence ( that is , an elastic bar ) are :

The frequencies obtained in longitudinal or in torsional vibrations are harmonically related to each other , as was not the case in flexural vibration ( the vibrating reed ) .
the frequencies [got] in longitudinal or in torsional vibrations are harmonically related to each other , as was not the case in flexural vibration ( the vibrating reed ) .

By varying the test temperature , part of the frequency-temperature relaxation plot may be obtained , for example in the — -relaxation region .
by varying the test temperature , part of the frequency-temperature relaxation plot may be [got] , for example in the — -relaxation region .

Using continuum mechanics we have obtained in Chap.2 descriptions , which re both mathematically and physically sound , of the relationship between stress and strain or , in the broader sense , between forces and displacements .
using continuum mechanics we have [got] in chap.2 descriptions , which re both mathematically and physically sound , of the relationship between stress and strain or , in the broader sense , between forces and displacements .

Before the study we obtained informed consent from all subjects .
before the study we [got] informed consent from all subjects .

In this study we classified rectal sensations elicited by isobaric distensions according to the segmental steady state values obtained .
in this study we classified rectal sensations elicited by isobaric distensions according to the segmental steady state values [got] .

Measurements were obtained at five locations around the circumference of the ileum just proximal to the anastomosis in the inactive Crohn 's disease and control groups , and in three to five inflamed areas of the terminal ileum or ileocaecal junction in patients with active disease .
measurements were [got] at five locations around the circumference of the ileum just proximal to the anastomosis in the inactive crohn 's disease and control groups , and in three to five inflamed areas of the terminal ileum or ileocaecal junction in patients with active disease .

Approval was obtained from the Nottingham University Hospital Ethical Committee .
approval was [got] from the nottingham university hospital ethical committee .

Permission to give isotopes was obtained from the Department of Health .
permission to give isotopes was [got] from the department of health .

Serum samples were obtained from healthy blood donors , patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma without evidence of infection , and from patients with inflammatory bowel disease .
serum samples were [got] from healthy blood donors , patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma without evidence of infection , and from patients with inflammatory bowel disease .

We obtained supportive evidence for this explanation from a double contrast barium enema investigation of a patient complaining of changed bowel habit .
we [got] supportive evidence for this explanation from a double contrast barium enema investigation of a patient complaining of changed bowel habit .

Results were analysed with and without values obtained for the two patients studied 15 and 29 months after their most recent acute attack of pancreatitis .
results were analysed with and without values [got] for the two patients studied 15 and 29 months after their most recent acute attack of pancreatitis .

Control amylase synthesis times obtained in this study are shorter than those obtained previously .
control amylase synthesis times [got] in this study are shorter than those [got] previously .

Fibronectin , isolated from human plasma , was obtained from Boehringer Mannheim ( Mannheim , Germany ) .
fibronectin , isolated from human plasma , was [got] from boehringer mannheim ( mannheim , germany ) .

Intestinal tissues were obtained from eight patients ( five men and three women , age range 52 to 82 years ) with colorectal adenocarcinomas .
intestinal tissues were [got] from eight patients ( five men and three women , age range 52 to 82 years ) with colorectal adenocarcinomas .

Surgical resection specimens were obtained from the Department of Surgery at the Steglitz Medical Center immediately after their removal .
surgical resection specimens were [got] from the department of surgery at the steglitz medical center immediately after their removal .

In these studies , isolates were obtained from 20 day fetal rat intestine , in which the crypt/villus pattern is established .
in these studies , isolates were [got] from 20 day fetal rat intestine , in which the crypt/villus pattern is established .

Specimens were obtained with grab forceps via a rigid , illuminated sigmoidoscope .
specimens were [got] with grab forceps via a rigid , illuminated sigmoidoscope .

Apart from our own prospective studies there seems to have been only one other approach to rectal mucosa in gluten sensitivity based on a retrospective analysis of intraepithelial lymphocytes material obtained 25 years previously .
apart from our own prospective studies there seems to have been only one other approach to rectal mucosa in gluten sensitivity based on a retrospective analysis of intraepithelial lymphocytes material [got] 25 years previously .

Biopsy specimens were also obtained from five patients ( mean age 38 years , range 35–40 years ) with familial adenomatous polyposis who had previously undergone total abdominal colectomy with ileorectal anastomosis and were attending regularly for follow up .
biopsy specimens were also [got] from five patients ( mean age 38 years , range 35–40 years ) with familial adenomatous polyposis who had previously undergone total abdominal colectomy with ileorectal anastomosis and were attending regularly for follow up .

Local ethical committee approval was obtained , and all patients had given fully informed consent to the procedures .
local ethical committee approval was [got] , and all patients had given fully informed consent to the procedures .

Ethical committee approval was obtained from 24 participating centres in the United Kingdom and Eire , and informed written consent was obtained from patients .
ethical committee approval was [got] from 24 participating centres in the united kingdom and eire , and informed written consent was [got] from patients .

Informed written consent was obtained and the experimental techniques were approved by the Salford Health Authority Ethics Committee .
informed written consent was [got] and the experimental techniques were approved by the salford health authority ethics committee .

Briefly , fresh surgical resection specimens were obtained from normal areas of colon at least 5 cm distant from a carcinoma .
briefly , fresh surgical resection specimens were [got] from normal areas of colon at least 5 cm distant from a carcinoma .

In 601 patients with radiolucent stones complete clearance of all fragments was obtained after three , six , 12 , and 18 months in respectively 20 , 41 , 64 , and 78 % .
in 601 patients with radiolucent stones complete clearance of all fragments was [got] after three , six , 12 , and 18 months in respectively 20 , 41 , 64 , and 78 % .

Fragmentation of stones to particles of 5 mm or less was obtained after 3.0 ( 1.5 ) sessions : 2.8 ( 1.5 ) sessions for solitary stones and 3.3 ( 1.4 ) sessions for multiple stones ( p < 0.001 ) .
fragmentation of stones to particles of 5 mm or less was [got] after 3.0 ( 1.5 ) sessions : 2.8 ( 1.5 ) sessions for solitary stones and 3.3 ( 1.4 ) sessions for multiple stones ( p < 0.001 ) .

Optimal results with least expenditure are obtained in patients with radiolucent solitary stones , less than 2 cm diameter , with a total cost comparing favourably with the conventional cholecystectomy .
optimal results with least expenditure are [got] in patients with radiolucent solitary stones , less than 2 cm diameter , with a total cost comparing favourably with the conventional cholecystectomy .

The Table indicates the latency results obtained with control , ethanol and acetaldehyde incubated lysosomes .
the table indicates the latency results [got] with control , ethanol and acetaldehyde incubated lysosomes .

Biopsy evidence of the absence of metaplastic columnar epithelium was obtained in all cases , however , because the need to perform an additional endoscopy compliance was in the order of 60 % .
biopsy evidence of the absence of metaplastic columnar epithelium was [got] in all cases , however , because the need to perform an additional endoscopy compliance was in the order of 60 % .

Serum concentration-time curves over eight hours were obtained from 34 healthy volunteers after a single oral intake of 500 mg Pentasa ( n=5 ) , two Claversal 250 mg tablets ( n=5 ) , one Claversal 500 mg tablet ( n=8 ) , 1000 mg Salazopyrin ( n=5 ) , 500 mg Dipentum ( n=5 ) , or 400 mg Asacol ( n=6 ) .
serum concentration-time curves over eight hours were [got] from 34 healthy volunteers after a single oral intake of 500 mg pentasa ( n=5 ) , two claversal 250 mg tablets ( n=5 ) , one claversal 500 mg tablet ( n=8 ) , 1000 mg salazopyrin ( n=5 ) , 500 mg dipentum ( n=5 ) , or 400 mg asacol ( n=6 ) .

In Europeans the expected mortality for each patient was found by summating the risk each year according to current age from standardised mortality statistics from the East Midlands obtained from the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys .
in europeans the expected mortality for each patient was found by summating the risk each year according to current age from standardised mortality statistics from the east midlands [got] from the office of population censuses and surveys .

As pressure measurements obtained from colonic probes 5 cm apart can be very different , some workers have summed the pressure activity from adjacent channels to obtain a value for the colonic segment under study as a whole in an attempt to standardise analysis .
as pressure measurements [got] from colonic probes 5 cm apart can be very different , some workers have summed the pressure activity from adjacent channels to obtain a value for the colonic segment under study as a whole in an attempt to standardise analysis .

Insight into abnormalities of transit and pressure activity in constipation or diarrhoea has been obtained with these techniques .
insight into abnormalities of transit and pressure activity in constipation or diarrhoea has been [got] with these techniques .

In each of the participating hospitals , Ethical Committee permission was obtained for the study and all patients gave their informed consent .
in each of the participating hospitals , ethical committee permission was [got] for the study and all patients gave their informed consent .

Conventionally , cholesterol crystal nucleation times are measured in gall bladder bile obtained by needle aspiration at the time of surgery : they can not be measured reliably in bile rich duodenal fluid .
conventionally , cholesterol crystal nucleation times are measured in gall bladder bile [got] by needle aspiration at the time of surgery : they can not be measured reliably in bile rich duodenal fluid .

The results obtained indicate that inhibition of its action induced a significant reduction of colonic inflammation in the chronic model of colitis induced by trinitrobenzene sulphonic acid .
the results [got] indicate that inhibition of its action induced a significant reduction of colonic inflammation in the chronic model of colitis induced by trinitrobenzene sulphonic acid .

Informed consent was obtained before endoscopy .
informed consent was [got] before endoscopy .

The population at risk was obtained from the Oxford Record Linkage Study to calculate crude annual incidence rates per 100000 from 1964 to 1988 .
the population at risk was [got] from the oxford record linkage study to calculate crude annual incidence rates per 100000 from 1964 to 1988 .

The bowel activity was quantified by calculating a scan score from the images obtained at 120 minutes .
the bowel activity was quantified by calculating a scan score from the images [got] at 120 minutes .

The ‘ normal ’ image was generated from the first 12 scans obtained from patients with Crohn 's disease .
the ‘ normal ’ image was generated from the first 12 scans [got] from patients with crohn 's disease .

The various clinical activity indices in general use depend on subjective features for their calculation and are of little use in day to day patient management , but do at least provide a tool which enables comparison of data obtained from different centres .
the various clinical activity indices in general use depend on subjective features for their calculation and are of little use in day to day patient management , but do at least provide a tool which enables comparison of data [got] from different centres .

The source was a verically downward beam of 250 kV x rays obtained from a Marconi constant potential x ray generator .
the source was a verically downward beam of 250 kv x rays [got] from a marconi constant potential x ray generator .

Informed written consent was obtained before the study .
informed written consent was [got] before the study .

When blood was obtained for labelling leukocytes , 10 ml were also placed in 20 ml sterile citrate/phosphate/dextrose solution .
when blood was [got] for labelling leukocytes , 10 ml were also placed in 20 ml sterile citrate/phosphate/dextrose solution .

Full thickness intestinal biopsy specimens were obtained in eight of the children .
full thickness intestinal biopsy specimens were [got] in eight of the children .

Informed consent was obtained from all the patients .
informed consent was [got] from all the patients .

At least three months post treatment endoscopy was performed and biopsies were obtained for the same procedures as above .
at least three months post treatment endoscopy was performed and biopsies were [got] for the same procedures as above .

This monochemotherapy was continued until complete remission was obtained ( normal appearance of the gastric mucosa , negative biopsy specimens , and absence of extragastric localisation ) .
this monochemotherapy was continued until complete remission was [got] ( normal appearance of the gastric mucosa , negative biopsy specimens , and absence of extragastric localisation ) .

To clarify whether the effects of indomethacin were through cyclo-oxygenase , we obtained colonic pinch biopsy specimens from an additional group of six patients with ulcerative colitis for an indomethacin dose response assay .
to clarify whether the effects of indomethacin were through cyclo-oxygenase , we [got] colonic pinch biopsy specimens from an additional group of six patients with ulcerative colitis for an indomethacin dose response assay .

The present results indicate that a substantial amount of this total calcium is associated with insoluble phosphate , which is in accordance with results obtained in other animal and human studies .
the present results indicate that a substantial amount of this total calcium is associated with insoluble phosphate , which is in accordance with results [got] in other animal and human studies .

Location of superoxide anion generation in human colonic mucosa obtained by biopsy
location of superoxide anion generation in human colonic mucosa [got] by biopsy

Sucralfate ( 200 mg/kg ) caused a significant reduction ( by about 50 % ) in the number and area of gastric lesions and a significant increase in gastric blood flow above that obtained in vehicle treated controls .
sucralfate ( 200 mg/kg ) caused a significant reduction ( by about 50 % ) in the number and area of gastric lesions and a significant increase in gastric blood flow above that [got] in vehicle treated controls .

Informed consent was obtained from all patients .
informed consent was [got] from all patients .

After an overnight fast ( minimum 10 hours ) two 20 ml aliquots of end expiratory breath samples were obtained using a modified Haldane-Priestly tube .
after an overnight fast ( minimum 10 hours ) two 20 ml aliquots of end expiratory breath samples were [got] using a modified haldane-priestly tube .

Subsequent end expiratory breath samples were obtained at least every 30 minutes for up to 4 hours .
subsequent end expiratory breath samples were [got] at least every 30 minutes for up to 4 hours .

By a process of computer subtraction a time activity curve representing small intestinal transit was also obtained .
by a process of computer subtraction a time activity curve representing small intestinal transit was also [got] .

The mean value of the fasting samples obtained at 15 minutes and immediately before the meal was taken as the basal gastrin value .
the mean value of the fasting samples [got] at 15 minutes and immediately before the meal was taken as the basal gastrin value .

Normal excretion values had been obtained in patients with the irritable bowel syndrome ( n=14 ) who excreted 0.5 % ( mean ) with an upper limit of normal at 1 % .
normal excretion values had been [got] in patients with the irritable bowel syndrome ( n=14 ) who excreted 0.5 % ( mean ) with an upper limit of normal at 1 % .

At the same time as blood was obtained for leukocyte labelling , 10 ml were dispensed into 40 ml of citrate-phosphate-dextrose solution containing trisodium citrate dihydrate 3 ( w/v ) ; sodium dihydrogen phosphate 0.015 ( w/v ) ; dextrose 0.2 ( w/v ) at pH of 6.9 .
at the same time as blood was [got] for leukocyte labelling , 10 ml were dispensed into 40 ml of citrate-phosphate-dextrose solution containing trisodium citrate dihydrate 3 ( w/v ) ; sodium dihydrogen phosphate 0.015 ( w/v ) ; dextrose 0.2 ( w/v ) at ph of 6.9 .

The different results obtained in this study in patients with ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease agrees with many clinical and experimental observations .
the different results [got] in this study in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease agrees with many clinical and experimental observations .

Data obtained from each experiment approximated to a normal distribution and were analysed with Student 's t test for paired data .
data [got] from each experiment approximated to a normal distribution and were analysed with student 's t test for paired data .

Eleven patients were recruited from our outpatient clinic and informed consent was obtained .
eleven patients were recruited from our outpatient clinic and informed consent was [got] .

Evidence linking vitamin antioxidants and cancer obtained from epidemiological studies is conflicting .
evidence linking vitamin antioxidants and cancer [got] from epidemiological studies is conflicting .

Written informed consent was obtained from each patient before entry into the study , which was approved by the Parkside Health Authority Ethics Committee .
written informed consent was [got] from each patient before entry into the study , which was approved by the parkside health authority ethics committee .

Before the procedure demographic details were obtained from the patient of age and sex , relevant cardiopulmonary history , shortness of breath according to the New York Heart Association criteria , current treatment , and history of smoking .
before the procedure demographic details were [got] from the patient of age and sex , relevant cardiopulmonary history , shortness of breath according to the new york heart association criteria , current treatment , and history of smoking .

The possibility of complications of endoscopic injection were discussed with the patients or their relatives , or both and written informed consent was obtained before the trial .
the possibility of complications of endoscopic injection were discussed with the patients or their relatives , or both and written informed consent was [got] before the trial .

Histories were obtained and a complete physical examination was performed including an anal and rectal examination in the left lateral position .
histories were [got] and a complete physical examination was performed including an anal and rectal examination in the left lateral position .

To evaluate the possibility of bias in the group with follow up , the data from the initial history and physical examination of the 90 children in whom we obtained a follow up were compared with those from the 84 children with no follow up .
to evaluate the possibility of bias in the group with follow up , the data from the initial history and physical examination of the 90 children in whom we [got] a follow up were compared with those from the 84 children with no follow up .

Ethics committee approval was obtained for all studies performed .
ethics committee approval was [got] for all studies performed .

Ethical approval was obtained from the hospital ethics committee .
ethical approval was [got] from the hospital ethics committee .

Approval for the study was obtained from the Ethical Review Board of Concord Hospital .
approval for the study was [got] from the ethical review board of concord hospital .

Figure 2 shows the percentile proliferation indices obtained with the two methods .
figure 2 shows the percentile proliferation indices [got] with the two methods .

The BrdU index obtained in this material was higher than that reported by Risio et al , and lower than that reported in other studies .
the brdu index [got] in this material was higher than that reported by risio et al , and lower than that reported in other studies .

Details of their clinical presentation , past medical and family history were recorded together with haematological and biochemical results obtained from profiles produced by laboratories at the hospital .
details of their clinical presentation , past medical and family history were recorded together with haematological and biochemical results [got] from profiles produced by laboratories at the hospital .

Bovine gall bladder was obtained from the local abattoir and transferred on ice to the Laboratory within 20 minutes of slaughter .
bovine gall bladder was [got] from the local abattoir and transferred on ice to the laboratory within 20 minutes of slaughter .

We have therefore examined the concentrations of the essential micro ( trace ) elements copper , iron , and zinc , and of the macroelements calcium , magnesium , potassium , and socium in fasting human gastric juice obtained at endoscopy for healthy subjects and patients with peptic ulcer disease , and also determined for which metals the pH predicts concentrations .
we have therefore examined the concentrations of the essential micro ( trace ) elements copper , iron , and zinc , and of the macroelements calcium , magnesium , potassium , and socium in fasting human gastric juice [got] at endoscopy for healthy subjects and patients with peptic ulcer disease , and also determined for which metals the ph predicts concentrations .

Male Wistar rats weighing 300–400 g , obtained from our breeding colony , were used in this study .
male wistar rats weighing 300–400 g , [got] from our breeding colony , were used in this study .

The fractions of the isolated vesicular and non-vesicular peaks , obtained by chromatographic separation of biles , were pooled for chemical analysis .
the fractions of the isolated vesicular and non-vesicular peaks , [got] by chromatographic separation of biles , were pooled for chemical analysis .

Activity and antigen levels of both activators were determined in homogenates of endoscopically obtained biopsies from normal and carcinomatous tissues .
activity and antigen levels of both activators were determined in homogenates of endoscopically [got] biopsies from normal and carcinomatous tissues .

Early studies using crude fibrinolytic activity assays and histochemical fibrin slide techniques revealed plasminogen activators to be present in cancer tissue and cell lines obtained from the oral cavity and stomach .
early studies using crude fibrinolytic activity assays and histochemical fibrin slide techniques revealed plasminogen activators to be present in cancer tissue and cell lines [got] from the oral cavity and stomach .

From patients with a carcinoma in the oesophagus or stomach ( 37 men/10 women , age 49–88 years ) biopsy specimens were obtained from macroscopically suspected tissue and from normal mucosa 5–10 cm distal and/or proximal to the tumour .
from patients with a carcinoma in the oesophagus or stomach ( 37 men/10 women , age 49–88 years ) biopsy specimens were [got] from macroscopically suspected tissue and from normal mucosa 5–10 cm distal and/or proximal to the tumour .

In this study a survey was made of the activity and antigen concentrations of plasminogen activators in normal mucosa biopsies obtained from three different locations of the upper gastrointestinal tract in control patients .
in this study a survey was made of the activity and antigen concentrations of plasminogen activators in normal mucosa biopsies [got] from three different locations of the upper gastrointestinal tract in control patients .

The direct correlation found in the present study between the degree of reticulin collapse and the hepatic venous pressure gradient , which is very similar to that obtained by Valla et al in patients with acute viral hepatitis , further supports this hypothesis .
the direct correlation found in the present study between the degree of reticulin collapse and the hepatic venous pressure gradient , which is very similar to that [got] by valla et al in patients with acute viral hepatitis , further supports this hypothesis .

To analyse whether the response rate was related to treatment modification or selection of patients , the actual response was compared with a predicted response that was obtained with a response model developed by Brook et al .
to analyse whether the response rate was related to treatment modification or selection of patients , the actual response was compared with a predicted response that was [got] with a response model developed by brook et al .

It is difficult to determine the contribution of intermittent therapy to the high response rate obtained in this uncontrolled study .
it is difficult to determine the contribution of intermittent therapy to the high response rate [got] in this uncontrolled study .

The study was approved by the ethics committee of our university and informed consent was obtained from all patients and healthy volunteers .
the study was approved by the ethics committee of our university and informed consent was [got] from all patients and healthy volunteers .

Twenty two had active colitis at the time serum was obtained .
twenty two had active colitis at the time serum was [got] .

Serum samples were also obtained from other groups of patients ; 18 with alcoholic liver disease , 14 with primary biliary cirrhosis , six with large duct obstructive jaundice , three with autoimmune chronic active hepatitis , two with haemochromatosis , and two with coeliac disease .
serum samples were also [got] from other groups of patients ; 18 with alcoholic liver disease , 14 with primary biliary cirrhosis , six with large duct obstructive jaundice , three with autoimmune chronic active hepatitis , two with haemochromatosis , and two with coeliac disease .

Complete five day faecal collections were obtained from patients , at home or place of work and taking their normal diet .
complete five day faecal collections were [got] from patients , at home or place of work and taking their normal diet .

The mean change in SaO 2 and pulse rate was then calculated for each patient at two minute intervals throughout the procedure and the readings obtained from each group compared .
the mean change in sao 2 and pulse rate was then calculated for each patient at two minute intervals throughout the procedure and the readings [got] from each group compared .

All data sets obtained were initially analysed to determine whether data were normally or abnormally distributed .
all data sets [got] were initially analysed to determine whether data were normally or abnormally distributed .

Pulse oximetry using the Ohmeda system was shown to produce valid SaO 2 readings even in highly jaundiced patients although SaO 2 readings obtained were approximately 1 % below those of invasive arterial blood gas analysis .
pulse oximetry using the ohmeda system was shown to produce valid sao 2 readings even in highly jaundiced patients although sao 2 readings [got] were approximately 1 % below those of invasive arterial blood gas analysis .

Specimens of distal ileal mucosa containing Peyer 's patches identified macroscopically , and mesenteric lymph nodes , were obtained from seven organ donors with maintained peripheral circulation ( age 10–47 years ) and from one patient ( age 57 years ) with cancer of the ascending colon .
specimens of distal ileal mucosa containing peyer 's patches identified macroscopically , and mesenteric lymph nodes , were [got] from seven organ donors with maintained peripheral circulation ( age 10–47 years ) and from one patient ( age 57 years ) with cancer of the ascending colon .

Tissue was obtained under direct vision from the squamocolumnar jucntion to establish the presence or absence of Barrett 's oesophagus .
tissue was [got] under direct vision from the squamocolumnar jucntion to establish the presence or absence of barrett 's oesophagus .

Barrett 's oesophagus was defined as any columnar epithelium of the specialised ( intestinal ) type , with or without oesophagitis , obtained by biopsy from any level of the tubular oesophagus .
barrett 's oesophagus was defined as any columnar epithelium of the specialised ( intestinal ) type , with or without oesophagitis , [got] by biopsy from any level of the tubular oesophagus .

Broadly similar results were obtained for the cell kinetic data derived by counting pcna immunoreactive cells .
broadly similar results were [got] for the cell kinetic data derived by counting pcna immunoreactive cells .

The pancreatic blood flow was recorded in ml/ min/100 g tissues as displayed on the digital panel meter and presented either in absolute value or as per cent change from control value obtained in rats infused with saline .
the pancreatic blood flow was recorded in ml/ min/100 g tissues as displayed on the digital panel meter and presented either in absolute value or as per cent change from control value [got] in rats infused with saline .

Pancreatic tissue obtained from intact rats infused with saline for five hours released only minute amounts of platelet activating factor ( 1.6 ( 0.9 ) pg/100 mg of wet tissue ) .
pancreatic tissue [got] from intact rats infused with saline for five hours released only minute amounts of platelet activating factor ( 1.6 ( 0.9 ) pg/100 mg of wet tissue ) .

It is of interest that the acini isolated from the pancreas damaged by caerulein responded to caerulein in the incubation medium with the concentration dependant increase in amylase secretion but this response curve was shifted to the right as compared with the acini obtained from saline infused rats .
it is of interest that the acini isolated from the pancreas damaged by caerulein responded to caerulein in the incubation medium with the concentration dependant increase in amylase secretion but this response curve was shifted to the right as compared with the acini [got] from saline infused rats .

The number of viable acini isolated in pancreatitis induced by caerulein was only about 30 % of that obtained from the intact pancreas .
the number of viable acini isolated in pancreatitis induced by caerulein was only about 30 % of that [got] from the intact pancreas .

The amounts of platelet activating factor like material detected in the pancreatic acini obtained from rats infused with saline in our study was lower than those reported previously for the isolated guinea pig acini from parotic glands and comparable with those found in the gastrointestinal mucosa .
the amounts of platelet activating factor like material detected in the pancreatic acini [got] from rats infused with saline in our study was lower than those reported previously for the isolated guinea pig acini from parotic glands and comparable with those found in the gastrointestinal mucosa .

The fate of the PT-gliadin was monitored by immunofluorescence microscopy of intestinal biopsy specimens obtained before , during , and after the installation , using an affinity purified antibody against PT-gliadin .
the fate of the pt-gliadin was monitored by immunofluorescence microscopy of intestinal biopsy specimens [got] before , during , and after the installation , using an affinity purified antibody against pt-gliadin .

Furthermore , there is no relationship between the magnitude of the hypergastrinaemia and the density of argyrophilic cells in patients with the Zollinger-Ellison syndrome , which may indicate that there also in man exists a maximal gastrin concentration above which no further trophic effect on enterochromaffin like cells may be obtained .
furthermore , there is no relationship between the magnitude of the hypergastrinaemia and the density of argyrophilic cells in patients with the zollinger-ellison syndrome , which may indicate that there also in man exists a maximal gastrin concentration above which no further trophic effect on enterochromaffin like cells may be [got] .

The results obtained in this study indicate that the mucosal platelet activating factor content is considerably increased in patients with acute Crohn 's disease , decreased by glucocorticoid therapy and may return to normal levels in quiescent Crohn 's disease .
the results [got] in this study indicate that the mucosal platelet activating factor content is considerably increased in patients with acute crohn 's disease , decreased by glucocorticoid therapy and may return to normal levels in quiescent crohn 's disease .

The study protocol was approved by the Human Ethical Committee of the University of Basel and written informed consent was obtained from each subject .
the study protocol was approved by the human ethical committee of the university of basel and written informed consent was [got] from each subject .

Colonoscopic biopsies were obtained from patients with active or inactive ulcerative colitis or Crohn 's disease , diagnosed by classical clinical , radiological , endoscopic , and histological criteria .
colonoscopic biopsies were [got] from patients with active or inactive ulcerative colitis or crohn 's disease , diagnosed by classical clinical , radiological , endoscopic , and histological criteria .

Ten ml of venous blood were obtained before surgery .
ten ml of venous blood were [got] before surgery .

Serum was also obtained from a further 23 subjects ( 10 men , 13 women ) who were having benign adenomas removed at laparotomy or colonoscopy .
serum was also [got] from a further 23 subjects ( 10 men , 13 women ) who were having benign adenomas removed at laparotomy or colonoscopy .

Clinical data were obtained from their medical histories .
clinical data were [got] from their medical histories .

Statistical comparisons of means or percentages were performed between sexes , ages , duration of symptoms before diagnosis , symptoms , data obtained from physical examination , laboratory data abnormalities , radiological and endoscopic findings , and the macroscopic appearances in the gastrectomy specimen in the joint low/mixed grade group v those in the high grade group .
statistical comparisons of means or percentages were performed between sexes , ages , duration of symptoms before diagnosis , symptoms , data [got] from physical examination , laboratory data abnormalities , radiological and endoscopic findings , and the macroscopic appearances in the gastrectomy specimen in the joint low/mixed grade group v those in the high grade group .

These immunohistochemical observations were in good agremeent with results obtained for IgG subclass synthesis revealed by spontaneous release from dispersed intestinal mononuclear cells .
these immunohistochemical observations were in good agremeent with results [got] for igg subclass synthesis revealed by spontaneous release from dispersed intestinal mononuclear cells .

It has proved very accurate ; in monozygotic twins a correct classification is obtained in 99 % as verified by serological methods .
it has proved very accurate ; in monozygotic twins a correct classification is [got] in 99 % as verified by serological methods .

Venous blood was obtained from all twins .
venous blood was [got] from all twins .

Normal colonic mucosal specimens were obtained from six men and four women with a mean age of 58.2 years ( range 44–70 ) .
normal colonic mucosal specimens were [got] from six men and four women with a mean age of 58.2 years ( range 44–70 ) .

This result agrees with that previously obtained for ulcerative colitis in our laboratory , and the median disease related subclass ratios were in fact quite similar in the two studies .
this result agrees with that previously [got] for ulcerative colitis in our laboratory , and the median disease related subclass ratios were in fact quite similar in the two studies .

Written informed consent was obtained from each patient before the study .
written informed consent was [got] from each patient before the study .

Three hundred and sixty six sera obtained from 120 patients with ulcerative colitis , 105 patients suffering from Crohn 's disease and 49 non-inflammatory bowel disease controls were tested in two laboratories , using an indirect immunofluorescence assay .
three hundred and sixty six sera [got] from 120 patients with ulcerative colitis , 105 patients suffering from crohn 's disease and 49 non-inflammatory bowel disease controls were tested in two laboratories , using an indirect immunofluorescence assay .

Three hundred and sixty six serum samples were obtained from 274 unrelated patients attending the departments of Gastroenterology and Internal Medicine over a nine month period .
three hundred and sixty six serum samples were [got] from 274 unrelated patients attending the departments of gastroenterology and internal medicine over a nine month period .

Informed consent was obtained from each person and the protocol was approved by the ethics committee of Leiden University Hospital .
informed consent was [got] from each person and the protocol was approved by the ethics committee of leiden university hospital .

Informed consent was obtained from all participants , and the study had approval from the institutional human ethics committee .
informed consent was [got] from all participants , and the study had approval from the institutional human ethics committee .

Follow up data could be obtained from 23 of the 25 patients discharged from the hospital either directly from the patients or by interviewing their physicians .
follow up data could be [got] from 23 of the 25 patients discharged from the hospital either directly from the patients or by interviewing their physicians .

Of the 25 patients discharged either after surgical ( two cases ) and endoscopic ( 23 cases ) treatment , 23 could be followed up either by direct contact or by information obtained from their physicians .
of the 25 patients discharged either after surgical ( two cases ) and endoscopic ( 23 cases ) treatment , 23 could be followed up either by direct contact or by information [got] from their physicians .

Before each study informed consent was obtained from a parent , and assent was obtained from any subject seven years of age or older .
before each study informed consent was [got] from a parent , and assent was [got] from any subject seven years of age or older .

This may partially explain the better results seen here compared with those obtained with metal stents in postsurgical strictures .
this may partially explain the better results seen here compared with those [got] with metal stents in postsurgical strictures .

The final value obtained for statistical analysis corresponded to the median of the three observed values for each patient .
the final value [got] for statistical analysis corresponded to the median of the three observed values for each patient .

As the concentration of 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one can vary during the day and acute increases have been found , a better correlation may have been obtained if a serum sample had been taken at more than one occasion from each patient .
as the concentration of 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one can vary during the day and acute increases have been found , a better correlation may have been [got] if a serum sample had been taken at more than one occasion from each patient .

These calculations can be easily set up on a computer spreadsheet and variations may be performed to determine the best-looking selection according to the investor 's risk-return preferences . For example , the above portfolio was re-evaluated using equal weightings instead of capitalization-based weightings and the following results were obtained :
these calculations can be easily set up on a computer spreadsheet and variations may be performed to determine the best-looking selection according to the investor 's risk-return preferences . for example , the above portfolio was re-evaluated using equal weightings instead of capitalization-based weightings and the following results were [got] :

The results obtained are summarized in Table 6.7 .
the results [got] are summarized in table 6.7 .

Recent changes in the law and the regulations imposed by the Stock Exchange have allowed companies to ignore pre-emptive rights as long as the permission of the shareholders has been obtained .
recent changes in the law and the regulations imposed by the stock exchange have allowed companies to ignore pre-emptive rights as long as the permission of the shareholders has been [got] .

Galai and Schneller have shown that the value of the fractional right is obtained by dividing the call value by ( ) .
galai and schneller have shown that the value of the fractional right is [got] by dividing the call value by ( ) .

They also suggest that the possible existence of the relationship might explain the inconsistent results obtained from studies of the effects of dividends using the capital asset pricing model .
they also suggest that the possible existence of the relationship might explain the inconsistent results [got] from studies of the effects of dividends using the capital asset pricing model .

All the fittings were shabby and well used , probably obtained through the ‘ small ads ’ column in the local paper .
all the fittings were shabby and well used , probably [got] through the ‘ small ads ’ column in the local paper .

This information can be obtained if needed , at the penalty of a more complex and expensive system .
this information can be [got] if needed , at the penalty of a more complex and expensive system .

The late starts and late finishes for the jobs are obtained by a backward pass through the network .
the late starts and late finishes for the jobs are [got] by a backward pass through the network .

those items not in class 2 where cheaper prices can be obtained by doing so .
those items not in class 2 where cheaper prices can be [got] by doing so .

Competitive means ‘ the same quality could not be obtained cheaper by any other means .
competitive means ‘ the same quality could not be [got] cheaper by any other means .

Any approvals for making the changes are obtained and the changes themselves are planned .
any approvals for making the changes are [got] and the changes themselves are planned .

The analysis of the data thus obtained was in two parts .
the analysis of the data thus [got] was in two parts .

There should be a formal system in force in the company to ensure that these acceptances are obtained in the appropriate order and properly recorded .
there should be a formal system in force in the company to ensure that these acceptances are [got] in the appropriate order and properly recorded .

Before excellence in any part of the work means anything , the contract must be obtained .
before excellence in any part of the work means anything , the contract must be [got] .

The line g-h is the discontinuity of perceiving that the same result is obtained if the effluent discharge pipe is taken to the river upstream of the factory intake .
the line g-h is the discontinuity of perceiving that the same result is [got] if the effluent discharge pipe is taken to the river upstream of the factory intake .

The case arose out of a letter sent by the Attorney General in the summer of 1988 to booksellers handling Spycatcher warning them they were in contempt of court , because an injunction had been obtained to stop publication of extracts of the book in several national newspapers .
the case arose out of a letter sent by the attorney general in the summer of 1988 to booksellers handling spycatcher warning them they were in contempt of court , because an injunction had been [got] to stop publication of extracts of the book in several national newspapers .

According to Ian Lindsey , a director of Save & Prosper , if the agency had obtained authorisation there is ‘ no way ’ Mr Rundle could have received a refund .
according to ian lindsey , a director of save & prosper , if the agency had [got] authorisation there is ‘ no way ’ mr rundle could have received a refund .

In the same week in which President Bush appeared on national television brandishing $ 3,200 worth of cocaine ( coercively obtained from a dealer who was dragged a block or two nearer the White House ) to raise the air-time mileage he earns on drugs , it did not take long for outrage to be expressed .
in the same week in which president bush appeared on national television brandishing $ 3,200 worth of cocaine ( coercively [got] from a dealer who was dragged a block or two nearer the white house ) to raise the air-time mileage he earns on drugs , it did not take long for outrage to be expressed .

that part of the cell outside the nucleus ) contains various membranous structures , absent in prokaryotes , of which the most important are the mitochondria ( where energy obtained from oxidation reactions is converted into a usable form — see p. 63 ) , and , in plants , the chloroplasts ( where light energy is trapped ) .
that part of the cell outside the nucleus ) contains various membranous structures , absent in prokaryotes , of which the most important are the mitochondria ( where energy [got] from oxidation reactions is converted into a usable form — see p. 63 ) , and , in plants , the chloroplasts ( where light energy is trapped ) .

If they are now classified afresh on the basis of biochemical characteristics , a very similar result is obtained .
if they are now classified afresh on the basis of biochemical characteristics , a very similar result is [got] .

Clearly , therefore , there is no way in which oxygen can be obtained without any water loss : the best that can be done is to minimize the loss .
clearly , therefore , there is no way in which oxygen can be [got] without any water loss : the best that can be done is to minimize the loss .

Roger de Merlay , however , interpreted his charter to mean that his woodwards might carry bows and arrows within their bailiwicks , and in September 1259 obtained judgement in his favour on appeal to the king .
roger de merlay , however , interpreted his charter to mean that his woodwards might carry bows and arrows within their bailiwicks , and in september 1259 [got] judgement in his favour on appeal to the king .

In 1200 , for example , Hubert fitzRalph paid 30 marks in respect of his manor and wood of Crich , and William fitzWakelin 60 marks for his manor of Stainsby , all in Derbyshire ; in 1205 William of Eynesford obtained a similar charter for his manor of Stockton , and in 1209 Henry Biset owed the king £100 for the disafforestment of his wood of Borley and manor of Kidderminster , according to the metes and bounds declared under the eye of the Chief Justice of the Forest and the knights of the county of Worcestershire .
in 1200 , for example , hubert fitzralph paid 30 marks in respect of his manor and wood of crich , and william fitzwakelin 60 marks for his manor of stainsby , all in derbyshire ; in 1205 william of eynesford [got] a similar charter for his manor of stockton , and in 1209 henry biset owed the king £100 for the disafforestment of his wood of borley and manor of kidderminster , according to the metes and bounds declared under the eye of the chief justice of the forest and the knights of the county of worcestershire .

At the Parliament on 6 March 1300 fresh concessions were obtained .
at the parliament on 6 march 1300 fresh concessions were [got] .

The Attorney-General took proceedings in the Court of Exchequer against those landowners who refused to compound : where necessary he obtained a writ of injunction sequestrating the assarted lands , which were then leased to other tenants .
the attorney-general took proceedings in the court of exchequer against those landowners who refused to compound : where necessary he [got] a writ of injunction sequestrating the assarted lands , which were then leased to other tenants .

The rioters killed many deer , and threatened to pull down the palings of the park , so that the Earl of Holland , as Chief Justice of the Forest , obtained authority for the sheriff of Berkshire to raise the power of the county to apprehend the rioters .
the rioters killed many deer , and threatened to pull down the palings of the park , so that the earl of holland , as chief justice of the forest , [got] authority for the sheriff of berkshire to raise the power of the county to apprehend the rioters .

It obtained an injunction ordering enclosures made during the previous twenty years , amounting to nearly 3,000 acres , to be thrown down , and restraining further enclosures .
it [got] an injunction ordering enclosures made during the previous twenty years , amounting to nearly 3,000 acres , to be thrown down , and restraining further enclosures .

What she could not know was that by refusing to deal with the Protestant threat until the crown matrimonial had been obtained , she would throw away the strongest card in her anti-Protestant hand before having a chance to play it .
what she could not know was that by refusing to deal with the protestant threat until the crown matrimonial had been [got] , she would throw away the strongest card in her anti-protestant hand before having a chance to play it .

At first , Stalin did not insist on a communist regime and in the 1945 elections , the communists only obtained seventeen per cent of the vote .
at first , stalin did not insist on a communist regime and in the 1945 elections , the communists only [got] seventeen per cent of the vote .

’ This was a legitimate reaction to a real change : it was , arguably , the price exacted by the nineteenth century from Nonconformist ministers for the multitude of benefits they and Nonconformity had obtained from that century .
’ this was a legitimate reaction to a real change : it was , arguably , the price exacted by the nineteenth century from nonconformist ministers for the multitude of benefits they and nonconformity had [got] from that century .

Back at Wotton-under-Edge in Gloucestershire the Congregational Tabernacle 's Mutual Improvement Society resolved in November 1893 ‘ that the time has now come for an Organ to be obtained for the Tabernacle Services ’ .
back at wotton-under-edge in gloucestershire the congregational tabernacle 's mutual improvement society resolved in november 1893 ‘ that the time has now come for an organ to be [got] for the tabernacle services ’ .

This means that a catenary can be obtained by plotting the values of hyperbolic cosines obtained from tables .
this means that a catenary can be [got] by plotting the values of hyperbolic cosines [got] from tables .

By comparing photographs obtained on slightly different orbits or times , the topography of the body is revealed .
by comparing photographs [got] on slightly different orbits or times , the topography of the body is revealed .

If an observer 's eye is on the plane of reflection , perfect symmetry can be obtained .
if an observer 's eye is on the plane of reflection , perfect symmetry can be [got] .

Soap films , obtained by withdrawing a closed frame from a soap and water solution , were first investigated by Joseph Plateau ( 1801–1883 ) .
soap films , [got] by withdrawing a closed frame from a soap and water solution , were first investigated by joseph plateau ( 1801–1883 ) .

The inability of O'Neill and Chichester-Clark to satisfy those demands without destabilizing the state had created the very condition that people such as Paisley had argued had obtained from the first : the rise of old-fashioned nationalist anti-partitionism .
the inability of o'neill and chichester-clark to satisfy those demands without destabilizing the state had created the very condition that people such as paisley had argued had [got] from the first : the rise of old-fashioned nationalist anti-partitionism .

Signs of Constantine 's new deal for the church were that the council petitioned and obtained from the emperor a degree of tax exemption for the sake of the church 's welfare for the poor , and that exile was imposed on the two bishops who withheld their signature to the creed and canons .
signs of constantine 's new deal for the church were that the council petitioned and [got] from the emperor a degree of tax exemption for the sake of the church 's welfare for the poor , and that exile was imposed on the two bishops who withheld their signature to the creed and canons .

Its honours for impresarios and maverick businessmen — what The Times called examples of ‘ unrepentant Darwinism , of the business survival of the fittest and of nature red in tooth and claw ’ — so appalled them and the Palace that it took several weeks for approval to be obtained .
its honours for impresarios and maverick businessmen — what the times called examples of ‘ unrepentant darwinism , of the business survival of the fittest and of nature red in tooth and claw ’ — so appalled them and the palace that it took several weeks for approval to be [got] .

There is also calcium in fish , and useful amounts can be obtained if the soft bones in some varieties of fish ( like sardines , pilchards and salmon ) are eaten along with the flesh .
there is also calcium in fish , and useful amounts can be [got] if the soft bones in some varieties of fish ( like sardines , pilchards and salmon ) are eaten along with the flesh .

Once you have obtained some professional advice on weight training you can obtain small weights ( such as hand weights ) quite cheaply for use at home ( if you do not have the time or inclination to travel to a gym to exercise ) .
once you have [got] some professional advice on weight training you can obtain small weights ( such as hand weights ) quite cheaply for use at home ( if you do not have the time or inclination to travel to a gym to exercise ) .

The Japanese , champions of new product development , spend far less than the British on hiring market researchers , relying instead on information obtained by their own managers who get out and talk to dealers and customers .
the japanese , champions of new product development , spend far less than the british on hiring market researchers , relying instead on information [got] by their own managers who get out and talk to dealers and customers .

The early wind Serenade made a showpiece for the Halle 's excellent wind section and he obtained rich and often subtly detailed playing in the tone-poem Also sprach Zarathustra .
the early wind serenade made a showpiece for the halle 's excellent wind section and he [got] rich and often subtly detailed playing in the tone-poem also sprach zarathustra .

In yesterday 's second game Short had soon obtained a slight advantage playing with the white pieces , but as the players again ran short of time Karpov obtained strong counterplay on the queenside .
in yesterday 's second game short had soon [got] a slight advantage playing with the white pieces , but as the players again ran short of time karpov [got] strong counterplay on the queenside .

, to prevent a cheque obtained by fraud from getting into the hands of an innocent holder , who would be in better position than the original party to the fraud .
, to prevent a cheque [got] by fraud from getting into the hands of an innocent holder , who would be in better position than the original party to the fraud .

The legal recognition of corporate character may be obtained either by a charter from the Crown , as in the case of most of our older corporations , like the Hudson 's Bay Company , some universities and their colleges , as well as of some more recent ones ; or directly by means of an incorporating Act of parliament , as in the case of certain public utilities ; or indirectly through an Act of Parliament like the Companies Act 1948 ( which has been amended by several later Acts of the same name , and consolidated by the Companies Act 1985 ) , which offers corporate character to any number of persons ( usually not less than seven ) associated for a lawful object , who are willing to comply with the statutory requirements as to registration and otherwise .
the legal recognition of corporate character may be [got] either by a charter from the crown , as in the case of most of our older corporations , like the hudson 's bay company , some universities and their colleges , as well as of some more recent ones ; or directly by means of an incorporating act of parliament , as in the case of certain public utilities ; or indirectly through an act of parliament like the companies act 1948 ( which has been amended by several later acts of the same name , and consolidated by the companies act 1985 ) , which offers corporate character to any number of persons ( usually not less than seven ) associated for a lawful object , who are willing to comply with the statutory requirements as to registration and otherwise .

Leaseholders long since obtained remedies for the specific recovery of their land : and those remedies were in fact far superior to the old real actions .
leaseholders long since [got] remedies for the specific recovery of their land : and those remedies were in fact far superior to the old real actions .

When judgement has been obtained against a man in respect of any debt or liability , it will be enforced , if need be , by execution , i.e .
when judgement has been [got] against a man in respect of any debt or liability , it will be enforced , if need be , by execution , i.e .

For many years it was considered that tea-bags were filled only with tea dust , the fine residue left after the sorting and packaging of tea , and that the drink obtained by using bags was therefore of very inferior quality .
for many years it was considered that tea-bags were filled only with tea dust , the fine residue left after the sorting and packaging of tea , and that the drink [got] by using bags was therefore of very inferior quality .

The white berries are obtained by rubbing the reddish-black skin from peppercorns left on the vine until they are ripe .
the white berries are [got] by rubbing the reddish-black skin from peppercorns left on the vine until they are ripe .

It is often advisable to use the commercially prepared seasonings for tacos and chilli as many of the varieties of red and chilli peppers that are abundant in Mexico can not be obtained easily in other countries .
it is often advisable to use the commercially prepared seasonings for tacos and chilli as many of the varieties of red and chilli peppers that are abundant in mexico can not be [got] easily in other countries .

He hints that it would be wrong to ‘ persist in regarding knowledge as the certain and evident cognition of a thing , obtained through an acquaintance with its necessary cause , or by a proof ’ , for then ‘ knowledge through experience or appearances would not merit the name of knowledge ’ .
he hints that it would be wrong to ‘ persist in regarding knowledge as the certain and evident cognition of a thing , [got] through an acquaintance with its necessary cause , or by a proof ’ , for then ‘ knowledge through experience or appearances would not merit the name of knowledge ’ .

As we have seen , scientia , or scientific knowledge as the seventeenth century understood it , was not something which could be obtained from an observation-based study of the natural world .
as we have seen , scientia , or scientific knowledge as the seventeenth century understood it , was not something which could be [got] from an observation-based study of the natural world .

It is because we know the real essences of geometrical figures that that subject consists of ‘ certain and universal knowledge ’ obtained by a priori intuition or demonstration .
it is because we know the real essences of geometrical figures that that subject consists of ‘ certain and universal knowledge ’ [got] by a priori intuition or demonstration .

Since Hume , philosophers of an empiricist turn of mind have tended to suppose that any ‘ knowledge ’ obtained by a priori perception of connections between ideas is trifling and empty of content , and that the price paid for the necessity and certainty of such ‘ knowledge ’ is a loss of information .
since hume , philosophers of an empiricist turn of mind have tended to suppose that any ‘ knowledge ’ [got] by a priori perception of connections between ideas is trifling and empty of content , and that the price paid for the necessity and certainty of such ‘ knowledge ’ is a loss of information .

For this great service he obtained eleven manors in this county ; also the castle of Dunster in Somerset , and fifty-five other manors ’ .
for this great service he [got] eleven manors in this county ; also the castle of dunster in somerset , and fifty-five other manors ’ .

According to the New Delhi paper 's authors , the peak yields in both wheat and rice were obtained during experimental trials in the 1960s and have not been repeated since .
according to the new delhi paper 's authors , the peak yields in both wheat and rice were [got] during experimental trials in the 1960s and have not been repeated since .

If energy can be obtained from tides , waves and windmills that is better than energy obtained from fossil fuels , which are non-renewable .
if energy can be [got] from tides , waves and windmills that is better than energy [got] from fossil fuels , which are non-renewable .

Many of the East European firms from which Cuba obtained machinery have shut down , or turned to more lucrative business .
many of the east european firms from which cuba [got] machinery have shut down , or turned to more lucrative business .

It would only be a matter of ti me before the pubs , the little grocer and the dry-cleaner 's were replaced by some establishment selling something on which an enormous mark-up could be obtained .
it would only be a matter of ti me before the pubs , the little grocer and the dry-cleaner 's were replaced by some establishment selling something on which an enormous mark-up could be [got] .

Uruguay has obtained new money in a deal due to be signed on January 31st .
uruguay has [got] new money in a deal due to be signed on january 31st .

An immediate result of this sort of mutual ownership has already been mentioned in the article on the cost of equity : dividend pay-outs are an incomplete measure of the commercial benefits obtained by shareholders .
an immediate result of this sort of mutual ownership has already been mentioned in the article on the cost of equity : dividend pay-outs are an incomplete measure of the commercial benefits [got] by shareholders .

Its attraction was that it has the advantage of any competitive sport , that measurable results can be easily obtained .
its attraction was that it has the advantage of any competitive sport , that measurable results can be easily [got] .

2 . What regular body would be obtained if the centres of all neighbouring pentagons were joined by straight lines and all other lines were erased ?
2 . what regular body would be [got] if the centres of all neighbouring pentagons were joined by straight lines and all other lines were erased ?

Mr Sisulu , who obtained a passport after pressure from European Community ambassadors , is in London after visiting Holland and Belgium on a campaigning trip to save the paper .
mr sisulu , who [got] a passport after pressure from european community ambassadors , is in london after visiting holland and belgium on a campaigning trip to save the paper .

Seymour Hersh , the journalist who broke the story , obtained most of his facts from the army through its ‘ open information ’ policy .
seymour hersh , the journalist who broke the story , [got] most of his facts from the army through its ‘ open information ’ policy .

By 1984 he plucked up the courage ( or obtained the permission ) to do the two things he really wanted : make wine from Pinot Gris ( originally a Burgundian grape ) as a Burgundian would , fermenting and maturing it in ( partly new ) French oak barriques ; and stop filtering his dry white wines .
by 1984 he plucked up the courage ( or [got] the permission ) to do the two things he really wanted : make wine from pinot gris ( originally a burgundian grape ) as a burgundian would , fermenting and maturing it in ( partly new ) french oak barriques ; and stop filtering his dry white wines .

The system funds itself by operating on the Royal Bank of Canada 's over-the-counter exchange rates which are not as fine as those obtained by the institution itself .
the system funds itself by operating on the royal bank of canada 's over-the-counter exchange rates which are not as fine as those [got] by the institution itself .

The trust agreed to renovate the houses and sell them back to their former owners for the cost of the work and the trust 's expenses , less the value of grants obtained .
the trust agreed to renovate the houses and sell them back to their former owners for the cost of the work and the trust 's expenses , less the value of grants [got] .

The trust agreed to renovate the houses and sell them back to their former owners for the cost of the work and the trust 's expenses , less the value of grants obtained .
the trust agreed to renovate the houses and sell them back to their former owners for the cost of the work and the trust 's expenses , less the value of grants [got] .

Prices , as well as further enquiries regarding the education scheme can be obtained by contacting the general office .
prices , as well as further enquiries regarding the education scheme can be [got] by contacting the general office .

This sponge with a calcite skeleton was obtained from a gravel , an unusual type of rock in which to find fossils It is a broadly cup-shaped sponge , rapidly expanding from a narrow base .
this sponge with a calcite skeleton was [got] from a gravel , an unusual type of rock in which to find fossils it is a broadly cup-shaped sponge , rapidly expanding from a narrow base .

This specimen was obtained from the Baltic bays .
this specimen was [got] from the baltic bays .

The truth is that there are a few sites ( especially in North America ) where abundant remains of complete animals have been recovered , and from which a passable idea of the fauna of the Mesozoic can be obtained , but there are still great gaps in our knowledge , and many of the dinosaurs are known from a handful of individuals , or even a single specimen .
the truth is that there are a few sites ( especially in north america ) where abundant remains of complete animals have been recovered , and from which a passable idea of the fauna of the mesozoic can be [got] , but there are still great gaps in our knowledge , and many of the dinosaurs are known from a handful of individuals , or even a single specimen .

But the best answers are probably obtained where the functional design of the fossil points to the same life habits as a living analogue , and where both are consistent with the geological circumstances in which the fossil remains occur .
but the best answers are probably [got] where the functional design of the fossil points to the same life habits as a living analogue , and where both are consistent with the geological circumstances in which the fossil remains occur .

Additional brochures can be obtained from the competition address .
additional brochures can be [got] from the competition address .

Fishing : Locally obtained permit necessary ; there are 20 varieties of fish in the lake !
fishing : locally [got] permit necessary ; there are 20 varieties of fish in the lake !

Fishing : Fish are abundant ; locally obtained fishing permit required .
fishing : fish are abundant ; locally [got] fishing permit required .

Walking : There are something like 150 miles of marked paths for you to follow , and maps can be obtained from the local Tourist Office .
walking : there are something like 150 miles of marked paths for you to follow , and maps can be [got] from the local tourist office .

Walking in this area is very extensive , and it ranges from gentle strolls around the lake , to strenuous hikes up and down the mountains : walking maps can be obtained at the local tourist office .
walking in this area is very extensive , and it ranges from gentle strolls around the lake , to strenuous hikes up and down the mountains : walking maps can be [got] at the local tourist office .

Fishing : Permits can be obtained from the Tourist Office for trout fishing ; bring your own tackle .
fishing : permits can be [got] from the tourist office for trout fishing ; bring your own tackle .

( Temperature chart information was obtained from the Overseas Enquiries desk of the met Office Advisory Service , March 1989 . )
( temperature chart information was [got] from the overseas enquiries desk of the met office advisory service , march 1989 . )

… the process by which managers assure that resources are obtained and used effectively and efficiently in the accomplishment of the organisation s objectives . Anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24
… the process by which managers assure that resources are [got] and used effectively and efficiently in the accomplishment of the organisation s objectives . anthony ( 1965 ) p. 24

The information needs of management control will be obtained through personal interaction .
the information needs of management control will be [got] through personal interaction .

Results are obtained but at the cost of personal relationships and the outcomes are not necessarily the optimum possible .
results are [got] but at the cost of personal relationships and the outcomes are not necessarily the optimum possible .

The Precambrian metamorphic rocks are collectively known as Lewisian , the name being obtained from the Isle of Lewis where they were first described and recognised .
the precambrian metamorphic rocks are collectively known as lewisian , the name being [got] from the isle of lewis where they were first described and recognised .

It is then covered with water , placed on a fire , and simmered till the desirable depth of colour is obtained .
it is then covered with water , placed on a fire , and simmered till the desirable depth of colour is [got] .

However , there is a note written on the front cover of the memorandum to say that ‘ nothing will be done until an Act is obtained for the acquisition of the Leicester Canals ’ .
however , there is a note written on the front cover of the memorandum to say that ‘ nothing will be done until an act is [got] for the acquisition of the leicester canals ’ .

In July 1897 , having already purchased the Union Canals in 1894 and just completed options to purchase the Leicester Navigation , and the Loughborough and Erewash Canals , the committee resolved to purchase the necessary land at Foxton and instructed that tenders for the lift machinery be obtained .
in july 1897 , having already purchased the union canals in 1894 and just completed options to purchase the leicester navigation , and the loughborough and erewash canals , the committee resolved to purchase the necessary land at foxton and instructed that tenders for the lift machinery be [got] .

During the war the government took powers over public transport , and when the Grand Junction sought to take advantage of the good prices then being obtained for scrap metal , dismantling and disposal of the lift was forbidden .
during the war the government took powers over public transport , and when the grand junction sought to take advantage of the good prices then being [got] for scrap metal , dismantling and disposal of the lift was forbidden .

Power could be obtained for operating these lifts by means of Oil Engines — which could be started and stopped according to the exigencies of the traffic — without loss or expense of continuous attention and waste of fuel .
power could be [got] for operating these lifts by means of oil engines — which could be started and stopped according to the exigencies of the traffic — without loss or expense of continuous attention and waste of fuel .

This means that information about food obtained by following others was most available to a given individual when it appears to be of least importance .
this means that information about food [got] by following others was most available to a given individual when it appears to be of least importance .

It is , rather , the outcome of balancing costs and benefits in a competitive situation where clustering occurs around an obtained item of food .
it is , rather , the outcome of balancing costs and benefits in a competitive situation where clustering occurs around an [got] item of food .

Subordinated loan capital of £40m was obtained during the year , increasing gross capital for future requirements .
subordinated loan capital of £40m was [got] during the year , increasing gross capital for future requirements .

The address and telephone number of the Motor Claims Office can be obtained from your agent or District or Regional Office .
the address and telephone number of the motor claims office can be [got] from your agent or district or regional office .

The names , addresses and telephone numbers of relevant Appointed Repairers are shown on the claim form which will be issued to you if you report a claim but this information can also be obtained from your agent , District or Regional Office or Motor Claims Office .
the names , addresses and telephone numbers of relevant appointed repairers are shown on the claim form which will be issued to you if you report a claim but this information can also be [got] from your agent , district or regional office or motor claims office .

Many businesses have obtained loans on the personal security of directors , often a house .
many businesses have [got] loans on the personal security of directors , often a house .

where both parties emerge from the negotiation having obtained a mutual benefit .
where both parties emerge from the negotiation having [got] a mutual benefit .

Many of the more readily available forms of medication treat the symptom and , of course , much short-term relief can be obtained in this way .
many of the more readily available forms of medication treat the symptom and , of course , much short-term relief can be [got] in this way .

Tickets for performances at the Oxford Union and for all concerts may also be obtained from Tickets in Oxford , Information Centre , St Aldate 's , Oxford .
tickets for performances at the oxford union and for all concerts may also be [got] from tickets in oxford , information centre , st aldate 's , oxford .

Tickets for performances at Banbury may also be obtained from The Mill Theatre , Spiceball Park , Banbury .
tickets for performances at banbury may also be [got] from the mill theatre , spiceball park , banbury .

Tickets for performances at Henley may also be obtained from Travelwright , 12 Friday Street , Henley-on-Thames ( telephone : Henley ( 0491 ) 579110 ) and from the Town Hall after 10a.m. on performance days .
tickets for performances at henley may also be [got] from travelwright , 12 friday street , henley-on-thames ( telephone : henley ( 0491 ) 579110 ) and from the town hall after 10a.m. on performance days .

Further information on how to save your village shop using community initiative can be obtained from your local branch of the Rural Development Commission . Katy Brown
further information on how to save your village shop using community initiative can be [got] from your local branch of the rural development commission . katy brown

It has been suggested that sleep is a time when brain activity changes from one of acquiring , interpreting , and acting upon information obtained from the environment to one of consolidating daytime memories and experience .
it has been suggested that sleep is a time when brain activity changes from one of acquiring , interpreting , and acting upon information [got] from the environment to one of consolidating daytime memories and experience .

Since these results are obtained in animals that have been living in a normal environment , they mean that the clock originates , at least in these animals , from an abnormal ‘ internal ’ structure , the chromosome .
since these results are [got] in animals that have been living in a normal environment , they mean that the clock originates , at least in these animals , from an abnormal ‘ internal ’ structure , the chromosome .

Further information about possible links can be obtained if we consider the way in which 24-hour rhythms ‘ grow ’ out of ultradian ones during infancy .
further information about possible links can be [got] if we consider the way in which 24-hour rhythms ‘ grow ’ out of ultradian ones during infancy .

In practice the price obtained will be less than the generating cost , so as a business proposition it is a non-starter .
in practice the price [got] will be less than the generating cost , so as a business proposition it is a non-starter .

Information regarding the ownership of churches belonging to the various non-conformist sects can be obtained either from the General Secretary of the Free Church Federal Council or from the appropriate denominational headquarters .
information regarding the ownership of churches belonging to the various non-conformist sects can be [got] either from the general secretary of the free church federal council or from the appropriate denominational headquarters .

Also , following the removal of the suspended timber ground floor and the excavation of sub-floor earth so that adequate headroom could be obtained in the lower-storey bedrooms , it was necessary to install a continuous waterproof membrane below the new concrete floor slab in order to prevent penetration of the construction by rising damp .
also , following the removal of the suspended timber ground floor and the excavation of sub-floor earth so that adequate headroom could be [got] in the lower-storey bedrooms , it was necessary to install a continuous waterproof membrane below the new concrete floor slab in order to prevent penetration of the construction by rising damp .

Access to the gallery is obtained via a removable ladder .
access to the gallery is [got] via a removable ladder .

The Historic Buildings Council was unable to increase its grant to pay for this work and it was only because of the intervention of the chairman of the planning committee that an exceptional grant to cover the extra cost was obtained from Southwark Council .
the historic buildings council was unable to increase its grant to pay for this work and it was only because of the intervention of the chairman of the planning committee that an exceptional grant to cover the extra cost was [got] from southwark council .

They are intended to help promoters and secretaries mount displays in church or school , and may be obtained from Eccleston Square .
they are intended to help promoters and secretaries mount displays in church or school , and may be [got] from eccleston square .

Second , no respectable economist derives a trend by comparing a trough year ( 1981 ) with a peak ( 1988 ) : sensible figures can only be obtained by contrasting peak-with-peak or trough-with-trough .
second , no respectable economist derives a trend by comparing a trough year ( 1981 ) with a peak ( 1988 ) : sensible figures can only be [got] by contrasting peak-with-peak or trough-with-trough .

Third , even growth rates obtained by comparing similar points in successive economic cycles must be treated with caution if the end-year shows a massive balance of payments deficit .
third , even growth rates [got] by comparing similar points in successive economic cycles must be treated with caution if the end-year shows a massive balance of payments deficit .

Paragraph 5 of the rule was directed not only at enforcement of a judgment in favour of a claimant who had obtained judgment in his favour but also at preventing , by means of the principle of res judicata , relitigation of the same case by a person who was properly represented by a claimant against whom judgment had been given dismissing the claim , whether that person tried to pursue his claim against a named defendant sued in his own right only , or against a named defendant sued both personally and as a representative of a class , or against a member of that class .
paragraph 5 of the rule was directed not only at enforcement of a judgment in favour of a claimant who had [got] judgment in his favour but also at preventing , by means of the principle of res judicata , relitigation of the same case by a person who was properly represented by a claimant against whom judgment had been given dismissing the claim , whether that person tried to pursue his claim against a named defendant sued in his own right only , or against a named defendant sued both personally and as a representative of a class , or against a member of that class .

These are usually temporary measures which can be obtained quite swiftly and will involve the court directing the developer not to carry out the development until the court has had an opportunity to consider the dispute in detail .
these are usually temporary measures which can be [got] quite swiftly and will involve the court directing the developer not to carry out the development until the court has had an opportunity to consider the dispute in detail .

This is well below what can be obtained from building societies .
this is well below what can be [got] from building societies .

Information about the scale of fees and cemetery rules can be obtained by writing for brochures .
information about the scale of fees and cemetery rules can be [got] by writing for brochures .

Brochures can be obtained about charges and conditions from the owners of the crematorium .
brochures can be [got] about charges and conditions from the owners of the crematorium .

The standards which can be obtained in colour reproductions today are high , but not always attained .
the standards which can be [got] in colour reproductions today are high , but not always attained .

The auction houses employ considerable skill to ensure that the best possible prices are obtained for their clients , but all the same , a good eye and a well-stocked memory may still outwit their expertise .
the auction houses employ considerable skill to ensure that the best possible prices are [got] for their clients , but all the same , a good eye and a well-stocked memory may still outwit their expertise .

Contact your local Family Health Services Authority or District Health Authority for information on the availability of local services the address will be in the phone book . Information can also be obtained from :
contact your local family health services authority or district health authority for information on the availability of local services the address will be in the phone book . information can also be [got] from :

Unless frequent pin points can be obtained during the descent , errors in position of 20 miles or more can easily occur , and this factor alone limits cloud flying to days on which large clouds are isolated so that there are clear areas between them .
unless frequent pin points can be [got] during the descent , errors in position of 20 miles or more can easily occur , and this factor alone limits cloud flying to days on which large clouds are isolated so that there are clear areas between them .

Following her arrival , she obtained a temporary job as a nurse in the Hospital of Hope , and this situation was destined to be of great use , not least to her future husband .
following her arrival , she [got] a temporary job as a nurse in the hospital of hope , and this situation was destined to be of great use , not least to her future husband .

His performance was better in French , where he obtained 71 per cent and 75 per cent in the grammatical and oral examinations respectively .
his performance was better in french , where he [got] 71 per cent and 75 per cent in the grammatical and oral examinations respectively .

Dramatic results are obtained when you go forwards to meet the opponent just as he attacks .
dramatic results are [got] when you go forwards to meet the opponent just as he attacks .

The British government only obtained certain concessions from the Stormont government in implementing measures of the welfare state variety after 1944 .
the british government only [got] certain concessions from the stormont government in implementing measures of the welfare state variety after 1944 .

The church obtained a separate school system , funded mainly by the Northern Ireland government , similar to the system of catholic schools in Britain .
the church [got] a separate school system , funded mainly by the northern ireland government , similar to the system of catholic schools in britain .

Slowly lower the elbows apart until a full stretch is obtained .
slowly lower the elbows apart until a full stretch is [got] .

Material obtained in such circumstances inevitably contains the seeds of a special inside knowledge , avoiding problems described by Liebow ( 1967 : 232–56 ) , who was still separated by cognitive barriers while pursuing research in what was ostensibly his own society , and who found an insider 's language , education , and ‘ social membership ’ all helped to retain boundaries he was unable to penetrate .
material [got] in such circumstances inevitably contains the seeds of a special inside knowledge , avoiding problems described by liebow ( 1967 : 232–56 ) , who was still separated by cognitive barriers while pursuing research in what was ostensibly his own society , and who found an insider 's language , education , and ‘ social membership ’ all helped to retain boundaries he was unable to penetrate .

possess any secret official code word , or password , or sketch , plan , model , article , note , document or information which relates to or is used in a prohibited place or anything in such a place , or which has been made or obtained in contravention of this Act , or which has been entrusted in confidence to him by any person holding office under Her Majesty or which he has obtained or to which he has had access owing to his position as a person who is or has been employed under a person who holds or has held such an office or contract — [ and who ] ( a ) communicates the code word , pass word , sketch , plan , model , article , note , document , or information to any person other than a person to whom he is authorised to communicate it , or a person to whom it is in the interest of the State his duty to communicate it , or ( aa ) uses the information in his possession for the benefit of any foreign power or in any other manner prejudicial to the safety or interests of the State , or ( b ) retains the sketch , plan , model , article , note , or document in his possession or control when he has no right to retain it or when it is contrary to his duty to retain it , or fails to comply with all directions issued by lawful authority with regard to the return or disposal thereof , or …
possess any secret official code word , or password , or sketch , plan , model , article , note , document or information which relates to or is used in a prohibited place or anything in such a place , or which has been made or [got] in contravention of this act , or which has been entrusted in confidence to him by any person holding office under her majesty or which he has [got] or to which he has had access owing to his position as a person who is or has been employed under a person who holds or has held such an office or contract — [ and who ] ( a ) communicates the code word , pass word , sketch , plan , model , article , note , document , or information to any person other than a person to whom he is authorised to communicate it , or a person to whom it is in the interest of the state his duty to communicate it , or ( aa ) uses the information in his possession for the benefit of any foreign power or in any other manner prejudicial to the safety or interests of the state , or ( b ) retains the sketch , plan , model , article , note , or document in his possession or control when he has no right to retain it or when it is contrary to his duty to retain it , or fails to comply with all directions issued by lawful authority with regard to the return or disposal thereof , or …

With the help of Frederick Barnes , Warren obtained the Register of Lathes from Guildhall Library of London .
with the help of frederick barnes , warren [got] the register of lathes from guildhall library of london .

This means that with wood veneer you can not achieve very fine lines in a design but with care and good planning some quite delicate effects can be obtained ( fig .
this means that with wood veneer you can not achieve very fine lines in a design but with care and good planning some quite delicate effects can be [got] ( fig .

The ideal screening system , such as might be used in antenatal clinics should utilize one of each sort of test so that a combination of sensitivity with selectivity can be obtained .
the ideal screening system , such as might be used in antenatal clinics should utilize one of each sort of test so that a combination of sensitivity with selectivity can be [got] .

Entry forms and further details of the race can be obtained from :
entry forms and further details of the race can be [got] from :

It is very often assumed , particularly by non-technical persons , that a product is tested for stability and that after a certain time a result is obtained proving stability of the product and/or pack .
it is very often assumed , particularly by non-technical persons , that a product is tested for stability and that after a certain time a result is [got] proving stability of the product and/or pack .

In fact , stability testing is a predictive procedure based on data obtained from products stored under conditions which are believed to be likely to accelerate changes occurring at market conditions .
in fact , stability testing is a predictive procedure based on data [got] from products stored under conditions which are believed to be likely to accelerate changes occurring at market conditions .

It has considered the objectives of stability tests , their planning , execution and the interpretation of the results obtained .
it has considered the objectives of stability tests , their planning , execution and the interpretation of the results [got] .

This is generally supplied by top dressing with direct-feed artificials , and there is no doubt that with the right moisture and soil temperature , earlier and more prolific growth can thus be obtained .
this is generally supplied by top dressing with direct-feed artificials , and there is no doubt that with the right moisture and soil temperature , earlier and more prolific growth can thus be [got] .

The house was afterwards acquired by a company , James Developments , which developed the scheme in considerable detail and obtained letters of approval in principle from the local authority .
the house was afterwards acquired by a company , james developments , which developed the scheme in considerable detail and [got] letters of approval in principle from the local authority .

Whether a church is to be rebuilt on the same site or the land sold for development , listed building consent must be obtained .
whether a church is to be rebuilt on the same site or the land sold for development , listed building consent must be [got] .

Unless they received an assurance , within twenty-one days , that the trustees of the church would not proceed until listed building consent had been obtained , our solicitors would seek leave of the Attorney General to bring proceedings for a declaration that listed building consent was required .
unless they received an assurance , within twenty-one days , that the trustees of the church would not proceed until listed building consent had been [got] , our solicitors would seek leave of the attorney general to bring proceedings for a declaration that listed building consent was required .

Floors needing strengthening are simply replaced , and because fine old panelling is thought to be infested with every imaginable beetle permission is obtained to strip it out and replace it in replica .
floors needing strengthening are simply replaced , and because fine old panelling is thought to be infested with every imaginable beetle permission is [got] to strip it out and replace it in replica .

And Evans might not handle this creep so he obtained every scrap of information available .
and evans might not handle this creep so he [got] every scrap of information available .

It is widely believed that penicillin , a substance obtained from moulds of the family called Penicillium , was discovered by Sir Alexander Fleming at St. Mary 's Hospital in London .
it is widely believed that penicillin , a substance [got] from moulds of the family called penicillium , was discovered by sir alexander fleming at st. mary 's hospital in london .

He obtained a sample of the mould from Fleming , and discovered that it had been incorrectly identified .
he [got] a sample of the mould from fleming , and discovered that it had been incorrectly identified .

Like the sulphonamides , it showed that bacteria could be attacked in vivo by single substances of external origin , and , like lysozyme , that such substances could be obtained from living organisms .
like the sulphonamides , it showed that bacteria could be attacked in vivo by single substances of external origin , and , like lysozyme , that such substances could be [got] from living organisms .

Fleming succeeded in isolating a streptococcus from the cerebrospinal fluid of the patient , showed that it was sensitive to penicillin , and obtained a supply from Florey , because he himself had none of adequate potency .
fleming succeeded in isolating a streptococcus from the cerebrospinal fluid of the patient , showed that it was sensitive to penicillin , and [got] a supply from florey , because he himself had none of adequate potency .

He obtained a Ph.D .
he [got] a ph.d .

However , in 1944 a paper appeared describing the properties of streptomycin , a substance obtained from a kind of Actinomyces recently reclassified and named Streptomyces .
however , in 1944 a paper appeared describing the properties of streptomycin , a substance [got] from a kind of actinomyces recently reclassified and named streptomyces .

Direct evidence was obtained that certain ovarian hormones , the oestrogens , were responsible for the growth of the breasts , both in humans and other mammals .
direct evidence was [got] that certain ovarian hormones , the oestrogens , were responsible for the growth of the breasts , both in humans and other mammals .

He obtained these cells from an unattractive source , the pus on discarded surgical dressings , which had the merit , in pre-chemotherapy days , of being very readily available .
he [got] these cells from an unattractive source , the pus on discarded surgical dressings , which had the merit , in pre-chemotherapy days , of being very readily available .

Later , after his return to his native city of Basle , he obtained similar material from other cells , mostly the spermatozoa ( again cells containing little else except nuclei ) of salmon caught in the Rhine outside the window of his laboratory .
later , after his return to his native city of basle , he [got] similar material from other cells , mostly the spermatozoa ( again cells containing little else except nuclei ) of salmon caught in the rhine outside the window of his laboratory .

The results , obtained at considerable cost , were full of interesting facts but they were not always very conclusive .
the results , [got] at considerable cost , were full of interesting facts but they were not always very conclusive .

Specialized apparatus , which formerly had been made for specific purposes in the laboratory where it was required , could be obtained from manufacturers of scientific instruments , saving much time and labour .
specialized apparatus , which formerly had been made for specific purposes in the laboratory where it was required , could be [got] from manufacturers of scientific instruments , saving much time and labour .

Most of the potent drugs obtained from plants are known to act on specific physiological systems .
most of the potent drugs [got] from plants are known to act on specific physiological systems .

There they managed to capture two Germans who had stopped their lorry for a rest , and obtained a jerrycan full of water .
there they managed to capture two germans who had stopped their lorry for a rest , and [got] a jerrycan full of water .

On arrival at Jalo they found that the battle was still in progress , but enough petrol was obtained to get the convoy safely back to Kufra .
on arrival at jalo they found that the battle was still in progress , but enough petrol was [got] to get the convoy safely back to kufra .

It is obvious that before the sample was obtained another form of natural selection had been in progress : earlier purchases by the public and by the booksellers themselves .
it is obvious that before the sample was [got] another form of natural selection had been in progress : earlier purchases by the public and by the booksellers themselves .

The single-copy fallacy operates here strongly , for the only way to study the Convention is through copies in the ‘ real world ’ : that is copies obtained at the time and held since by those who attended or their heirs .
the single-copy fallacy operates here strongly , for the only way to study the convention is through copies in the ‘ real world ’ : that is copies [got] at the time and held since by those who attended or their heirs .

There is also a re-issue of The Encyclopaedia of Golf Collectibles , revealing that a matched set of irons , ‘ Harmonised Irons ’ , could be obtained from MacGregor way back in 1926 , and that golf balls coloured oriole orange and canary yellow were available from Wilson in 1928 .
there is also a re-issue of the encyclopaedia of golf collectibles , revealing that a matched set of irons , ‘ harmonised irons ’ , could be [got] from macgregor way back in 1926 , and that golf balls coloured oriole orange and canary yellow were available from wilson in 1928 .

But although Mr Redwood agreed to allow the West German competition authorities special rights to look at sensitive mergers , he obtained a commitment from the Council of Ministers that this could only be used ‘ in exceptional circumstances ’ .
but although mr redwood agreed to allow the west german competition authorities special rights to look at sensitive mergers , he [got] a commitment from the council of ministers that this could only be used ‘ in exceptional circumstances ’ .

Firstly , the local authority search and all standard information about the property will now be obtained by the seller 's solicitor at the beginning of the process , so that when it comes to buying a property all the initial legal information will be available and in place .
firstly , the local authority search and all standard information about the property will now be [got] by the seller 's solicitor at the beginning of the process , so that when it comes to buying a property all the initial legal information will be available and in place .

Mr Simon Montgomery , administrator of the Brighton Unemployment Centre , which obtained a copy of the review , said yesterday : ‘ We are establishing a new category of people who may have to be outside the welfare net — people with mental health problems who form part of the new underclass . ’
mr simon montgomery , administrator of the brighton unemployment centre , which [got] a copy of the review , said yesterday : ‘ we are establishing a new category of people who may have to be outside the welfare net — people with mental health problems who form part of the new underclass . ’

At best , admission was obtained only on the basis of a joint venture with a Japanese company , and entry of any kind was often impossible to obtain , at least until the Japanese themselves had established a strong presence — domestically and internationally — in the market sector concerned .
at best , admission was [got] only on the basis of a joint venture with a japanese company , and entry of any kind was often impossible to obtain , at least until the japanese themselves had established a strong presence — domestically and internationally — in the market sector concerned .

The international marketer , therefore , is still faced with a multitude of differing legal environments , about which information may be difficult to obtain , and once obtained may be very difficult to interpret .
the international marketer , therefore , is still faced with a multitude of differing legal environments , about which information may be difficult to obtain , and once [got] may be very difficult to interpret .

This issue was first raised as early as 1941 , and by 1943–4 had become a subject of major concern for the British government , aware that unless rules were laid down in advance , the United States would use its enormous wealth , undamaged industrial capability , and the advantages obtained during the war years to drive Britain and other countries off the international air routes .
this issue was first raised as early as 1941 , and by 1943–4 had become a subject of major concern for the british government , aware that unless rules were laid down in advance , the united states would use its enormous wealth , undamaged industrial capability , and the advantages [got] during the war years to drive britain and other countries off the international air routes .

The basic grounding that all new management recruits underwent on joining Cadbury 's helped to ensure that each of them obtained this innate understanding .
the basic grounding that all new management recruits underwent on joining cadbury 's helped to ensure that each of them [got] this innate understanding .

He had been promised that once he had obtained his colliery manager 's certificate , he would be made an assistant manager .
he had been promised that once he had [got] his colliery manager 's certificate , he would be made an assistant manager .

For example , The Body Shop was the first company in Britain to use jojoba oil , which is obtained from a desert plant , in cosmetics .
for example , the body shop was the first company in britain to use jojoba oil , which is [got] from a desert plant , in cosmetics .

Ingredients obtained from the Third World , providing work and sustenance to underprivileged societies , go into products which are sold to the more fortunate , the profits of which go into her educational programme aimed at making people more aware of the critical issues of our times .
ingredients [got] from the third world , providing work and sustenance to underprivileged societies , go into products which are sold to the more fortunate , the profits of which go into her educational programme aimed at making people more aware of the critical issues of our times .

If more output is obtained from the same manpower — which it is here contended could and should happen — then the allocation of resources so far as manpower is concerned will be unaffected .
if more output is [got] from the same manpower — which it is here contended could and should happen — then the allocation of resources so far as manpower is concerned will be unaffected .

If a band delayed signing a publishing contract until the singles from their album had obtained some success , it was because they believed , not unreasonably , that they could negotiate a better contract by demonstrating their chart success to a publisher . But how do writers ' royalties arise ?
if a band delayed signing a publishing contract until the singles from their album had [got] some success , it was because they believed , not unreasonably , that they could negotiate a better contract by demonstrating their chart success to a publisher . but how do writers ' royalties arise ?

The same results are obtained by fasts , abstinences and self-mutilations as by communions , oblations and commemorations … However complex the outward manifestations of the religious life may be , at bottom it is one and simple .
the same results are [got] by fasts , abstinences and self-mutilations as by communions , oblations and commemorations … however complex the outward manifestations of the religious life may be , at bottom it is one and simple .

If Eliot seeks to draw on the power of an ancient ritual , he also aims at the horrifying frisson obtained by re-enacting the ritual with the opposite of its traditional meaning .
if eliot seeks to draw on the power of an ancient ritual , he also aims at the horrifying frisson [got] by re-enacting the ritual with the opposite of its traditional meaning .

The second process is an aspect of the fact that history also involves the development of exploitation , or the domination of one group by another so that the dominant group cam appropriate to itself the surplus value obtained from the labour of the other .
the second process is an aspect of the fact that history also involves the development of exploitation , or the domination of one group by another so that the dominant group cam appropriate to itself the surplus value [got] from the labour of the other .

This was because by then he had written The Origin where he had argued that primitive society was classless , on the evidence he had obtained from Morgan .
this was because by then he had written the origin where he had argued that primitive society was classless , on the evidence he had [got] from morgan .

Even the references to classical antiquity and feudalism remain vague and unspecific , although it is clear that , unlike their discussion of tribal society , these are based on much greater knowledge , obtained largely from the classical education they both shared .
even the references to classical antiquity and feudalism remain vague and unspecific , although it is clear that , unlike their discussion of tribal society , these are based on much greater knowledge , [got] largely from the classical education they both shared .

Through monogamy , men obtained a sexual monopoly over individual women by which they ensured that the children of these women were their own .
through monogamy , men [got] a sexual monopoly over individual women by which they ensured that the children of these women were their own .

There , as Marx had noted , slaves are often classed with women and children and are often obtained in order to be adopted by people without descendants .
there , as marx had noted , slaves are often classed with women and children and are often [got] in order to be adopted by people without descendants .

Although in all the three books considered there is some evolutionary scheme , when we take them together it is clear that Marx and Engels were very willing to modify the overall picture whenever they obtained new information .
although in all the three books considered there is some evolutionary scheme , when we take them together it is clear that marx and engels were very willing to modify the overall picture whenever they [got] new information .

So in May Disney obtained permission to move 100 of the bald , hunch-backed and unruly birds 60 miles away .
so in may disney [got] permission to move 100 of the bald , hunch-backed and unruly birds 60 miles away .

In the Budapest district of Zuglo , 47 per cent of party members said they supported the reformers , while the conservative groups of Mr Berecz and Robert Ribanszki , who have agreed a tacit alliance , obtained 33 per cent and 19 per cent respectively .
in the budapest district of zuglo , 47 per cent of party members said they supported the reformers , while the conservative groups of mr berecz and robert ribanszki , who have agreed a tacit alliance , [got] 33 per cent and 19 per cent respectively .

Rechem International , a major chemical incineration firm , and Torfaen Borough Council in Gwent , South Wales , agreed in an out of court settlement that a temporary injunction obtained by the company should be lifted .
rechem international , a major chemical incineration firm , and torfaen borough council in gwent , south wales , agreed in an out of court settlement that a temporary injunction [got] by the company should be lifted .

Furthermore , the research process was to be used to train locals in obtaining the information they needed , and thereby develop a network of individuals and groups who would express their concern for the land issues of the region by an ongoing commitment to further action at local and National level using the results obtained from the study .
furthermore , the research process was to be used to train locals in obtaining the information they needed , and thereby develop a network of individuals and groups who would express their concern for the land issues of the region by an ongoing commitment to further action at local and national level using the results [got] from the study .

better control of the system may be obtained than with in situ systems ;
better control of the system may be [got] than with in situ systems ;

better mixing may also be obtained , with resulting higher levels of microbial growth and concomitant faster degradation rates ; and
better mixing may also be [got] , with resulting higher levels of microbial growth and concomitant faster degradation rates ; and

There are occasions when biological treatment can not effect satisfactory clean-up alone , because the target compounds are incredibly resistant to biodegradation ; the proper conditions — eg strict anaerobic conditions — can not be obtained ; or the concentrations of the target compounds are either at toxic levels or are below the minimum concentration required for substrates .
there are occasions when biological treatment can not effect satisfactory clean-up alone , because the target compounds are incredibly resistant to biodegradation ; the proper conditions — eg strict anaerobic conditions — can not be [got] ; or the concentrations of the target compounds are either at toxic levels or are below the minimum concentration required for substrates .

In the laboratory only reactants and products can generally be obtained , yielding little information about the nature of a reaction pathway .
in the laboratory only reactants and products can generally be [got] , yielding little information about the nature of a reaction pathway .

Activation energies may often be obtained from rate measurements by using transition state theory .
activation energies may often be [got] from rate measurements by using transition state theory .

Another drug obtained from plants is gefarnate ( Gefanil , 7 ) .
another drug [got] from plants is gefarnate ( gefanil , 7 ) .

Because dithiadiazoles are usually obtained by dehalogenation of the chloride — eg equation ( e ) — it is logical that dithiadiazoles sometimes act as dehalogenating agents ( equations g and h ) .
because dithiadiazoles are usually [got] by dehalogenation of the chloride — eg equation ( e ) — it is logical that dithiadiazoles sometimes act as dehalogenating agents ( equations g and h ) .

However , the products obtained from reactions with halides can be rather surprising — ie the dithiadiazole can trap free radical intermediates .
however , the products [got] from reactions with halides can be rather surprising — ie the dithiadiazole can trap free radical intermediates .

The reluctance of the odd electron to engage in bonding appears to be retained in these complexes and the few X-ray structures obtained so far indicate unusual bonding .
the reluctance of the odd electron to engage in bonding appears to be retained in these complexes and the few x-ray structures [got] so far indicate unusual bonding .

Grant obtained his first degree by attending evening classes at Queen Mary College , London , and he subsequently took a doctorate at King 's College .
grant [got] his first degree by attending evening classes at queen mary college , london , and he subsequently took a doctorate at king 's college .

The Gardeners had already obtained their Charter in 1606 ; the Apothecaries felt they also warranted separate identification .
the gardeners had already [got] their charter in 1606 ; the apothecaries felt they also warranted separate identification .

Many of the floral designs for this china , whether taken from prints or fresh exotic blooms , were obtained from the nearby Physic Garden and Philip Miller must have been in touch with the factory .
many of the floral designs for this china , whether taken from prints or fresh exotic blooms , were [got] from the nearby physic garden and philip miller must have been in touch with the factory .

He did extend his stay , helped to arrange and classify the Sherard collection of plants , many obtained from Greece and Asia Minor , and found more in the Botanic Garden to take back to Holland .
he did extend his stay , helped to arrange and classify the sherard collection of plants , many [got] from greece and asia minor , and found more in the botanic garden to take back to holland .

The juice of the berries from these West Indian plants produced a bright red dye , and by standing stalks of flowers such as tuberose and narcissus in a solution of the dye over night , he obtained some blooms ‘ finely variegated with red ’ .
the juice of the berries from these west indian plants produced a bright red dye , and by standing stalks of flowers such as tuberose and narcissus in a solution of the dye over night , he [got] some blooms ‘ finely variegated with red ’ .

The District Office obtained some extra coupons to keep tutor-organisers mobile and part-time tutors showed splendid generosity in using up their own allowances to fulfil their commitments : indeed , not one course in the whole of the District had to be abandoned part-way through the spring term because the tutor could not travel .
the district office [got] some extra coupons to keep tutor-organisers mobile and part-time tutors showed splendid generosity in using up their own allowances to fulfil their commitments : indeed , not one course in the whole of the district had to be abandoned part-way through the spring term because the tutor could not travel .

The Nez Perce hunters carried with them trade goods of dried fish and roots , craftwork of basketry and horn , and shells obtained at the Dalles .
the nez perce hunters carried with them trade goods of dried fish and roots , craftwork of basketry and horn , and shells [got] at the dalles .

About 1755 , the Blackfoot obtained firearms from the Hudson 's Bay Company , and drove back the Shoshoni and Flathead , so exposing the Bitterroot valley .
about 1755 , the blackfoot [got] firearms from the hudson 's bay company , and drove back the shoshoni and flathead , so exposing the bitterroot valley .

In December that year , Nez Perce traded at Kootenae House for the first time , and by 1810 they had obtained sufficient firearms to join the Flathead in a party of 150 that drove back the Blackfoot , whose hostility had plagued initial efforts of traders to penetrate westward .
in december that year , nez perce traded at kootenae house for the first time , and by 1810 they had [got] sufficient firearms to join the flathead in a party of 150 that drove back the blackfoot , whose hostility had plagued initial efforts of traders to penetrate westward .

However , Hale proceeded regardless , and on 9th June 1863 , he obtained fifty-two signatures for his treaty .
however , hale proceeded regardless , and on 9th june 1863 , he [got] fifty-two signatures for his treaty .

Up to the middle of the nineteenth century , water could only be obtained from wells — which frequently also became places of meetings and entertainment , e.g .
up to the middle of the nineteenth century , water could only be [got] from wells — which frequently also became places of meetings and entertainment , e.g .

Nevertheless , he obtained a Commission in the Regular Army before the Great War of 1914 — 1918 , in which he was wounded by a sniper 's bullet through a lung , and would have died but for the fact that one of his men , having also been wounded , fell on top of ‘ Monty ’ and thereby , protected him from further sniper bullets until darkness permitted rescue to be made .
nevertheless , he [got] a commission in the regular army before the great war of 1914 — 1918 , in which he was wounded by a sniper 's bullet through a lung , and would have died but for the fact that one of his men , having also been wounded , fell on top of ‘ monty ’ and thereby , protected him from further sniper bullets until darkness permitted rescue to be made .

Information was obtained from eleven areas of Great Britain .
information was [got] from eleven areas of great britain .

The courses on succession should ideally be arranged for farmers in their early forties so that maximum benefits could be obtained , especially on the financial side .
the courses on succession should ideally be arranged for farmers in their early forties so that maximum benefits could be [got] , especially on the financial side .

From both the training and farm point of view it was important to know how easily release could be obtained from the off-farm job .
from both the training and farm point of view it was important to know how easily release could be [got] from the off-farm job .

Having obtained a fairly comprehensive view of the farm situation in Great Britain as it relates to training an attempt was made to compare it with the position in Europe .
having [got] a fairly comprehensive view of the farm situation in great britain as it relates to training an attempt was made to compare it with the position in europe .

However , they normally obtained the most competitive prices through cooperatives and the volume of business through them was very large .
however , they normally [got] the most competitive prices through cooperatives and the volume of business through them was very large .

In the central hilly region 70 % of the annual herbage production is obtained in the spring with near zero summer production .
in the central hilly region 70 % of the annual herbage production is [got] in the spring with near zero summer production .

At 1,000 metres , and with heavy fertilisation , yields of 10,000 kg dry matter /ha have been obtained and while adequate summer rainfall may favour grass growth , production is more generally likely to be at the level suggested in Table 2 , and a long wintering period is a major constraint .
at 1,000 metres , and with heavy fertilisation , yields of 10,000 kg dry matter /ha have been [got] and while adequate summer rainfall may favour grass growth , production is more generally likely to be at the level suggested in table 2 , and a long wintering period is a major constraint .

Meat and Livestock Commission surveys show that stocking rates and outputs of weaned lambs are substantially lower than obtained in the lowlands , 9.1 as compared to 11.4 ewes/ha and 427 as compared to 636 kg weaned lamb/ha yet the most profitable third of the recorded flocks attained an average of 10.4 ewes/ha .
meat and livestock commission surveys show that stocking rates and outputs of weaned lambs are substantially lower than [got] in the lowlands , 9.1 as compared to 11.4 ewes/ha and 427 as compared to 636 kg weaned lamb/ha yet the most profitable third of the recorded flocks attained an average of 10.4 ewes/ha .

In some instances failure to observe sound practice leads to a lamb crop at weaning of around 50–60 % , a level at which breeding replacements can not be obtained thus leading to the possibility of economic collapse .
in some instances failure to observe sound practice leads to a lamb crop at weaning of around 50–60 % , a level at which breeding replacements can not be [got] thus leading to the possibility of economic collapse .

The cost of land drainage or irrigation , buildings and other fixed capital equipment , machinery and livestock means that a farm business has an extremely high level of capitalisation relative to the returns which can be obtained .
the cost of land drainage or irrigation , buildings and other fixed capital equipment , machinery and livestock means that a farm business has an extremely high level of capitalisation relative to the returns which can be [got] .

The way in which socio-economic surveys are planned and carried out often tends to predetermine the results obtained and , therefore , the action to be prescribed .
the way in which socio-economic surveys are planned and carried out often tends to predetermine the results [got] and , therefore , the action to be prescribed .

It is brutally clear that the private sector has already invested in those places and activities in DRAs where profitable returns on capital may be obtained .
it is brutally clear that the private sector has already invested in those places and activities in dras where profitable returns on capital may be [got] .

Simonsen continued , ‘ Given that the impressions from the chemical substances are not obtained from the sensory organs , they do not have a pattern that is correlated with the environment in a logical way .
simonsen continued , ‘ given that the impressions from the chemical substances are not [got] from the sensory organs , they do not have a pattern that is correlated with the environment in a logical way .

The first such substance to be synthesised was 1-methyl-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-3-quinolinecarboxylic acid ( 1 ) , which was obtained in 1949 by oxidising the alkaloids melicopine , melicopidine and melicopicine with concentrated nitric acid .
the first such substance to be synthesised was 1-methyl-1,4-dihydro-4-oxo-3-quinolinecarboxylic acid ( 1 ) , which was [got] in 1949 by oxidising the alkaloids melicopine , melicopidine and melicopicine with concentrated nitric acid .

The quinolones and fluoroquinolones are normally obtained via the classical Gould-Jacobs reaction .
the quinolones and fluoroquinolones are normally [got] via the classical gould-jacobs reaction .

The central intermediate ( 21 ) in ciprofloxacin synthesis can be obtained by acylating ethyl cyclopropylaminoacrylate ( 24 ) with ( 16 ) or , better still , by acylating ethyl dimethylaminoacrylate ( 25 ) with ( 16 ) to form ( 26 ) and exchanging the dimethylamino group for a cyclopropyl amino group , as shown in Scheme 3 .
the central intermediate ( 21 ) in ciprofloxacin synthesis can be [got] by acylating ethyl cyclopropylaminoacrylate ( 24 ) with ( 16 ) or , better still , by acylating ethyl dimethylaminoacrylate ( 25 ) with ( 16 ) to form ( 26 ) and exchanging the dimethylamino group for a cyclopropyl amino group , as shown in scheme 3 .

The first and second layer spacing is obtained similarly from α c measured along directions for which the first and second layer atoms lie in the same place .
the first and second layer spacing is [got] similarly from α c measured along directions for which the first and second layer atoms lie in the same place .

Up until the mid-1980s , most isolates of Bt had been obtained from insects for material closely associated with insects ) .
up until the mid-1980s , most isolates of bt had been [got] from insects for material closely associated with insects ) .

The analysis of drugs in biological fluids is becoming a task of increasing complexity and technical sophistication and the importance placed upon results obtained from bioanalytical procedures for drug determination can not be understated .
the analysis of drugs in biological fluids is becoming a task of increasing complexity and technical sophistication and the importance placed upon results [got] from bioanalytical procedures for drug determination can not be understated .

The sample was to be obtained retrospectively : teams were asked to identify relevant cases dating from at least twelve months before the data collection point .
the sample was to be [got] retrospectively : teams were asked to identify relevant cases dating from at least twelve months before the data collection point .

The use of files imposed limitations on the types of valid and reliable data that could be obtained ; data analysed represented a compromise between these limitations and what were thought to be useful indicators of the manner or style of assessment and service delivery .
the use of files imposed limitations on the types of valid and reliable data that could be [got] ; data analysed represented a compromise between these limitations and what were thought to be useful indicators of the manner or style of assessment and service delivery .

All three were sexual abuse investigations and resulted in Place of Safety orders being obtained .
all three were sexual abuse investigations and resulted in place of safety orders being [got] .

French oil production is minimal and although some encouraging results have been obtained from wells in the Paris Basin and drilling has taken place off the Riviera , there appears little prospect of significant discoveries .
french oil production is minimal and although some encouraging results have been [got] from wells in the paris basin and drilling has taken place off the riviera , there appears little prospect of significant discoveries .

However , she could n't be certain that the more expensive kinds were there and could be actually obtained inside the shop .
however , she could n't be certain that the more expensive kinds were there and could be actually [got] inside the shop .

All the more significant credit decisions are made under the orders , or with the approval , of politicians , who maintain their ‘ strongholds ' ’ and influence in the banking system through their control over appointments ( no management position in a bank can be obtained without political approval ) .
all the more significant credit decisions are made under the orders , or with the approval , of politicians , who maintain their ‘ strongholds ' ’ and influence in the banking system through their control over appointments ( no management position in a bank can be [got] without political approval ) .

Until recently , they took it for granted that their supplies from domestic sources could be obtained on credit and that , when these bills matured , any shortage of funds would be made good by the banks .
until recently , they took it for granted that their supplies from domestic sources could be [got] on credit and that , when these bills matured , any shortage of funds would be made good by the banks .

The British Columbians , despite dogged persistence , could not cope with a pack in which eight men worked as one and where possession once obtained was so powerfully and cunningly retained .
the british columbians , despite dogged persistence , could not cope with a pack in which eight men worked as one and where possession once [got] was so powerfully and cunningly retained .

It was a time of great alarm in the Hindu heavens , for Ravana , the Rakshasa king of Lanka , had obtained terrible powers and was threatening the world .
it was a time of great alarm in the hindu heavens , for ravana , the rakshasa king of lanka , had [got] terrible powers and was threatening the world .

‘ No information will be obtained from hackers because they will be afraid of prosecution .
‘ no information will be [got] from hackers because they will be afraid of prosecution .

Other individual reports are also obtained ( so does it really not matter whom you know ? )
other individual reports are also [got] ( so does it really not matter whom you know ? )

The Right to Vote Labour candidate in the recent Upper Bann by-election obtained 0.66 per cent .
the right to vote labour candidate in the recent upper bann by-election [got] 0.66 per cent .

And there are still useful premiums to be obtained when the breeding , feeding and final selection are correct .
and there are still useful premiums to be [got] when the breeding , feeding and final selection are correct .

Better results are obtained by rooting them singly in 2in pots rather than several to a larger pot .
better results are [got] by rooting them singly in 2in pots rather than several to a larger pot .

He obtained the second by pretending to trip over an unseen obstacle , which inadvertently threw him against the foreman , knocking him to the ground and depositing his daily schedule papers all over the floor .
he [got] the second by pretending to trip over an unseen obstacle , which inadvertently threw him against the foreman , knocking him to the ground and depositing his daily schedule papers all over the floor .

By noon he had obtained Nate 's approval and had won the day .
by noon he had [got] nate 's approval and had won the day .

Arsenic is very volatile and was unobtainable by ancient smelting techniques , but arsenic minerals commonly occur in association with copper ores and an alloy with a few per cent can be obtained by smelting these .
arsenic is very volatile and was unobtainable by ancient smelting techniques , but arsenic minerals commonly occur in association with copper ores and an alloy with a few per cent can be [got] by smelting these .

Modern petrological studies have gone a long way towards answering this question : polished hard-rock axes seem to have been made from stone obtained from a limited number of outcrops .
modern petrological studies have gone a long way towards answering this question : polished hard-rock axes seem to have been made from stone [got] from a limited number of outcrops .

For some of the bronzes , lead isotope ratios have now been obtained on lead extracted from the samples , and from two lead ore samples from the Benue Rift .
for some of the bronzes , lead isotope ratios have now been [got] on lead extracted from the samples , and from two lead ore samples from the benue rift .

In short she obtained a remarkable degree of autonomy .
in short she [got] a remarkable degree of autonomy .

The Market Charter was obtained in 1602 , and weekly markets and three fairs were held .
the market charter was [got] in 1602 , and weekly markets and three fairs were held .

Through that we obtained a middle generation , who then passed us on to the older generation of the family .
through that we [got] a middle generation , who then passed us on to the older generation of the family .

He loved company and could be found at night in a dingy tavern a few alleys away ; this was the resting place of riverside workers and shady persons who obtained their living without work .
he loved company and could be found at night in a dingy tavern a few alleys away ; this was the resting place of riverside workers and shady persons who [got] their living without work .

Many claims are made for their disinfectant properties but the results obtained may be more a function of their excellent detergency in removing , rather than destroying , micro-organisms and their recommended method of use in sequence with other cleaning agents followed by a number of rinses .
many claims are made for their disinfectant properties but the results [got] may be more a function of their excellent detergency in removing , rather than destroying , micro-organisms and their recommended method of use in sequence with other cleaning agents followed by a number of rinses .

Custom built tanks can also be obtained made to fit expected loads with castor mounting , heating elements , strainers and drain cocks .
custom built tanks can also be [got] made to fit expected loads with castor mounting , heating elements , strainers and drain cocks .

Available commercially either in interleaved sheets , rolls , or drum shaped coreless rolls , from which the paper is drawn from the centre , paper is invariably obtained from a dispenser of which there are several kinds .
available commercially either in interleaved sheets , rolls , or drum shaped coreless rolls , from which the paper is drawn from the centre , paper is invariably [got] from a dispenser of which there are several kinds .

Cost is derived from the consumption figures , obtained by stock taking , applied to unit price of the product .
cost is derived from the consumption figures , [got] by stock taking , applied to unit price of the product .

This is known as the package index and is obtained in the following way for each package :
this is known as the package index and is [got] in the following way for each package :

Disinfection standards will usually be expressed by reference to a total count or levels of particular micro-organisms obtained by a stated method of sampling .
disinfection standards will usually be expressed by reference to a total count or levels of particular micro-organisms [got] by a stated method of sampling .

If positive answers are obtained questions should be directed to the worker named in order to confirm the information so far received .
if positive answers are [got] questions should be directed to the worker named in order to confirm the information so far received .

He does this with the aid of a collection of 160 photographs which graphically show the results that may be obtained .
he does this with the aid of a collection of 160 photographs which graphically show the results that may be [got] .

Although much of today 's photographic technology has a lot of latitude , built into its products and processes , optimum quality is best obtained with care and attention paid to each stage of the photographic process .
although much of today 's photographic technology has a lot of latitude , built into its products and processes , optimum quality is best [got] with care and attention paid to each stage of the photographic process .

The experiments just mentioned not only introduce a much-needed control procedure but they also extend the generality of the effect . Cantor and Hottel ( 1957 ) obtained their results with mentally retarded subjects ;
the experiments just mentioned not only introduce a much-needed control procedure but they also extend the generality of the effect . cantor and hottel ( 1957 ) [got] their results with mentally retarded subjects ;

These experiments confirm the results obtained from studies using a discrimination task in the test phase , and , like those previous studies , they are unable to discriminate between acquired equivalence and distinctiveness effects .
these experiments confirm the results [got] from studies using a discrimination task in the test phase , and , like those previous studies , they are unable to discriminate between acquired equivalence and distinctiveness effects .

In this case , at least , there was no need to assume that the transfer obtained depended on changes in the distinctiveness of the cues .
in this case , at least , there was no need to assume that the transfer [got] depended on changes in the distinctiveness of the cues .

Convictions were obtained on charges of money laundering , cocaine manufacturing and distribution , racketeering and the building in Panama of a state-of-the-art drug laboratory .
convictions were [got] on charges of money laundering , cocaine manufacturing and distribution , racketeering and the building in panama of a state-of-the-art drug laboratory .

They fell in love , and after she had obtained the necessary dispensation , married ; she then nursed him through his long illness .
they fell in love , and after she had [got] the necessary dispensation , married ; she then nursed him through his long illness .

Although basic medical treatment can be obtained in France under a reciprocal agreement , it is not entirely free .
although basic medical treatment can be [got] in france under a reciprocal agreement , it is not entirely free .

Judge Diamond ruled that Barrett had obtained the pieces through fraudulent misrepresentation and ordered him to return them .
judge diamond ruled that barrett had [got] the pieces through fraudulent misrepresentation and ordered him to return them .

Embarking on a spell of 10 games in 25 days , which will decide their Second Division fate , Sunderland let slip a 2–1 advantage they had obtained early in the first half .
embarking on a spell of 10 games in 25 days , which will decide their second division fate , sunderland let slip a 2–1 advantage they had [got] early in the first half .

For example , only three funds — Newton Income , Touche Remnant City of London and Britannia Life American Growth — achieved higher returns over five years than the £162 that could have been obtained without risk by placing £100 in the building society .
for example , only three funds — newton income , touche remnant city of london and britannia life american growth — achieved higher returns over five years than the £162 that could have been [got] without risk by placing £100 in the building society .

Wood dye : if the colour of wood is to be changed , then probably the most dramatic effect is obtained when the bare wood is coloured with a penetrating wood dye .
wood dye : if the colour of wood is to be changed , then probably the most dramatic effect is [got] when the bare wood is coloured with a penetrating wood dye .

Before waxing , the wood should be sealed with shellac sanding sealer or white or transparent French polish , as these will prevent the wax soaking into the wood and will enable a shine to be obtained with much less effort .
before waxing , the wood should be sealed with shellac sanding sealer or white or transparent french polish , as these will prevent the wax soaking into the wood and will enable a shine to be [got] with much less effort .

Gloss acrylic varnishes are available , but the gloss is not as high as that obtained with a polyurethane or oil varnish .
gloss acrylic varnishes are available , but the gloss is not as high as that [got] with a polyurethane or oil varnish .

If the desired shade is obtained with one coat of varnish stain , then further protection should be given with extra coats of clear gloss , satin or matt varnish .
if the desired shade is [got] with one coat of varnish stain , then further protection should be given with extra coats of clear gloss , satin or matt varnish .

An agreement was obtained to run a small dedicated number of these at the higher speed .
an agreement was [got] to run a small dedicated number of these at the higher speed .

Authority was obtained for the modernisation of the Chiltern line between Marylebone and Banbury via Bicester including resignalling and the provision of seventy-seven Class 165 Networker coaches , and in August the then new Minister of Transport , Cecil Parkinson , authorised the first hundred Networker four-car trains for the North Kent lines .
authority was [got] for the modernisation of the chiltern line between marylebone and banbury via bicester including resignalling and the provision of seventy-seven class 165 networker coaches , and in august the then new minister of transport , cecil parkinson , authorised the first hundred networker four-car trains for the north kent lines .

Enclosed with Training News are details of the services available and where they can be obtained from .
enclosed with training news are details of the services available and where they can be [got] from .

Further , large-scale studies are needed to confirm the encouraging results obtained so far .
further , large-scale studies are needed to confirm the encouraging results [got] so far .

If the Christians obtained their enlarged Lebanon , they would only be in a small majority over the Sunni and Shia Muslims .
if the christians [got] their enlarged lebanon , they would only be in a small majority over the sunni and shia muslims .

Mr Howell added : ‘ No advice was obtained about the legality of the deals .
mr howell added : ‘ no advice was [got] about the legality of the deals .

Eagle Trust , the beleaguered mini-conglomerate being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office , obtained High Court approval to remove the vote from a further 80,000 shares to add to the 67,420,000 already disenfranchised .
eagle trust , the beleaguered mini-conglomerate being investigated by the serious fraud office , [got] high court approval to remove the vote from a further 80,000 shares to add to the 67,420,000 already disenfranchised .

In America 26 of the 50 states have published ‘ shield ’ laws allowing journalists to protect their sources , with certain exceptions which generally apply only if the information is relevant , can not be obtained in any other way , and public interest is better served by disclosure than by keeping the source confidential .
in america 26 of the 50 states have published ‘ shield ’ laws allowing journalists to protect their sources , with certain exceptions which generally apply only if the information is relevant , can not be [got] in any other way , and public interest is better served by disclosure than by keeping the source confidential .

Eagle Trust , the beleaguered mini-conglomerate being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office , obtained High Court approval to remove the vote from a further 80,000 shares to add to the 67,420,000 already disenfranchised .
eagle trust , the beleaguered mini-conglomerate being investigated by the serious fraud office , [got] high court approval to remove the vote from a further 80,000 shares to add to the 67,420,000 already disenfranchised .

The attractions of these products are that they store well , are easily obtained and offer a high profit margin .
the attractions of these products are that they store well , are easily [got] and offer a high profit margin .

The services of the Bow Street Runners were obtained , two of whom , Chalk and Fowler , were selected for their rough countenances .
the services of the bow street runners were [got] , two of whom , chalk and fowler , were selected for their rough countenances .

This in itself is unusual for East Berkshire where every conceivable back yard , nook and cranny has obtained building permission .
this in itself is unusual for east berkshire where every conceivable back yard , nook and cranny has [got] building permission .

The constable was soon joined by his colleagues and between them they obtained detailed descriptions of the man who had dashed from the direction of the bakery .
the constable was soon joined by his colleagues and between them they [got] detailed descriptions of the man who had dashed from the direction of the bakery .

The researchers obtained similar results when they repeated their experiment , this time coating the balance with membranes obtained from human olfactory cells .
the researchers [got] similar results when they repeated their experiment , this time coating the balance with membranes [got] from human olfactory cells .

Plans for the first of the Italian journeys had been hatched in Vienna , and Leopold had obtained letters of recommendation from the Emperor , among others .
plans for the first of the italian journeys had been hatched in vienna , and leopold had [got] letters of recommendation from the emperor , among others .

It is Alan Usher 's contention that if this evidence had come to light before the trial , a third opinion could have been obtained from a specialist paediatric pathologist .
it is alan usher 's contention that if this evidence had come to light before the trial , a third opinion could have been [got] from a specialist paediatric pathologist .

Such specimens as we collect are obtained without bothering him in the slightest — smears for chromosome checks , the occasional blood sample , and so on , that 's all .
such specimens as we collect are [got] without bothering him in the slightest — smears for chromosome checks , the occasional blood sample , and so on , that 's all .

If you want to use dropper bottles they can be obtained singly from dispensing chemists or in quantities of 50 or more from The Homœopathic Supply co. ( tel .
if you want to use dropper bottles they can be [got] singly from dispensing chemists or in quantities of 50 or more from the homœopathic supply co. ( tel .

There is no liability for breach of confidence if consent is obtained .
there is no liability for breach of confidence if consent is [got] .

You and your staff will maintain the well-established convention whereby ministers do not concern themselves with the detailed information which may be obtained by the Security Service in particular cases , but are furnished with such information only as may be necessary for the determination of any issue on which guidance is sought .
you and your staff will maintain the well-established convention whereby ministers do not concern themselves with the detailed information which may be [got] by the security service in particular cases , but are furnished with such information only as may be necessary for the determination of any issue on which guidance is sought .

By the same token Russia 's nuclear submarines are the direct product of information obtained from spies in Britain and America .
by the same token russia 's nuclear submarines are the direct product of information [got] from spies in britain and america .

There had been earlier studies of women writers , notably Myra Reynolds 's The Learned Lady in England 1650–1760 ( 1920 ) , and occasional studies of individual writers , but only in the past twenty years have the conditions obtained for a comprehensive reexamination of these writers .
there had been earlier studies of women writers , notably myra reynolds 's the learned lady in england 1650–1760 ( 1920 ) , and occasional studies of individual writers , but only in the past twenty years have the conditions [got] for a comprehensive reexamination of these writers .

Bragg was contentedly puffing his pipe , and mentally sifting through the facts they had so far obtained , when the door burst open and Inspector Cotton strode in .
bragg was contentedly puffing his pipe , and mentally sifting through the facts they had so far [got] , when the door burst open and inspector cotton strode in .

From her Mexican study , Eckstein reports that about 38 per cent of the men with factory and white-collar jobs said they obtained their work through a personal acquaintance ( Eckstein 1977 ) .
from her mexican study , eckstein reports that about 38 per cent of the men with factory and white-collar jobs said they [got] their work through a personal acquaintance ( eckstein 1977 ) .

The little money that was needed to pay state taxes and church tithes and to fund festivals , was obtained from the sale of cotton lengths , which were made by the women .
the little money that was needed to pay state taxes and church tithes and to fund festivals , was [got] from the sale of cotton lengths , which were made by the women .

In their Final Examinations , Robyn obtained a First — her marks , she was unofficially informed , were the highest ever achieved by a student in the School of European Studies in its short history — and Charles an extremely high Upper Second .
in their final examinations , robyn [got] a first — her marks , she was unofficially informed , were the highest ever achieved by a student in the school of european studies in its short history — and charles an extremely high upper second .

When Charles obtained his post at Suffolk , there had been a certain amount of pressure from both sets of parents for them to get married .
when charles [got] his post at suffolk , there had been a certain amount of pressure from both sets of parents for them to get married .

Further details may be obtained by telephoning ( 091 ) 3857850 .
further details may be [got] by telephoning ( 091 ) 3857850 .

Allegations have been made that successful convictions in a number of key murder trials have been dependent upon confession evidence which has been improperly obtained during police interrogation .
allegations have been made that successful convictions in a number of key murder trials have been dependent upon confession evidence which has been improperly [got] during police interrogation .

’ ; each time he or she is permitted to say that it may be obtained by further questioning .
’ ; each time he or she is permitted to say that it may be [got] by further questioning .

The hindering of the recovery of any property obtained as a result of such an offence .
the hindering of the recovery of any property [got] as a result of such an offence .

The Court therefore excluded the confession wrongly obtained by the police and went on to quash Samuel 's conviction for armed robbery .
the court therefore excluded the confession wrongly [got] by the police and went on to quash samuel 's conviction for armed robbery .

The position now is that in any proceedings , ‘ the court may refuse to allow evidence … if it appears to the court that , having regard to all the circumstances , including the circumstances in which the evidence was obtained , the admission of the evidence would have such an adverse effect on the fairness of the proceedings that the court ought not to admit it ’ ( section 78 ) .
the position now is that in any proceedings , ‘ the court may refuse to allow evidence … if it appears to the court that , having regard to all the circumstances , including the circumstances in which the evidence was [got] , the admission of the evidence would have such an adverse effect on the fairness of the proceedings that the court ought not to admit it ’ ( section 78 ) .

At his trial for this offence , he sought the exclusion of the evidence thereby obtained on the ground that he had been the victim of an entrapment .
at his trial for this offence , he sought the exclusion of the evidence thereby [got] on the ground that he had been the victim of an entrapment .

The Scottish courts have been stricter than the English judges in this area , and the Americans exclude all evidence obtained in unlawful searches , subject to a ‘ good faith ’ exception developed in recent years .
the scottish courts have been stricter than the english judges in this area , and the americans exclude all evidence [got] in unlawful searches , subject to a ‘ good faith ’ exception developed in recent years .

First , there had to be a major subversive or espionage activity that was likely to injure the national interest , and secondly the material likely to be obtained by the interception had to be of direct use in compiling the information necessary for the security services to carry out the tasks laid upon them by the state .
first , there had to be a major subversive or espionage activity that was likely to injure the national interest , and secondly the material likely to be [got] by the interception had to be of direct use in compiling the information necessary for the security services to carry out the tasks laid upon them by the state .

As to Mr. Cox himself , we obtained very little information that we did not already have , although perhaps a bit more detailed .
as to mr. cox himself , we [got] very little information that we did not already have , although perhaps a bit more detailed .

Yet judicial scrutiny has been expressly excluded : first by denying the courts the power to question decisions of the Tribunal , and secondly and more importantly by denying the courts the power to refuse to admit evidence obtained as a result of illegal or improper interceptions .
yet judicial scrutiny has been expressly excluded : first by denying the courts the power to question decisions of the tribunal , and secondly and more importantly by denying the courts the power to refuse to admit evidence [got] as a result of illegal or improper interceptions .

( b ) The admissibility of illegally obtained evidence As we discussed in Chapter 2 , one way of controlling the activities of the police and of ensuring that they do not act unlawfully is to prevent the admissibility of evidence which is obtained by illegal means .
( b ) the admissibility of illegally [got] evidence as we discussed in chapter 2 , one way of controlling the activities of the police and of ensuring that they do not act unlawfully is to prevent the admissibility of evidence which is [got] by illegal means .

Although it is unclear precisely what the section actually means , at least on one view it does permit the courts to refuse to admit police evidence which has been obtained illegally .
although it is unclear precisely what the section actually means , at least on one view it does permit the courts to refuse to admit police evidence which has been [got] illegally .

In Canada illegally obtained wire-tapping evidence can be excluded just as any other illegally obtained evidence may be excluded .
in canada illegally [got] wire-tapping evidence can be excluded just as any other illegally [got] evidence may be excluded .

Could the same result be obtained by transplanting a nucleus from well-differentiated cells ?
could the same result be [got] by transplanting a nucleus from well-differentiated cells ?

In cities such as Toledo , which was reconquered by the Christian forces in 1085 , an even more extraordinary mix of philosophies and beliefs obtained in something approaching harmony .
in cities such as toledo , which was reconquered by the christian forces in 1085 , an even more extraordinary mix of philosophies and beliefs [got] in something approaching harmony .

The material obtained from the drill holes could then be dated , both by sophisticated radio-isotope methods , and by the more ordinary , down-to-earth method of examining the kinds of fossil organism present in the sediments .
the material [got] from the drill holes could then be dated , both by sophisticated radio-isotope methods , and by the more ordinary , down-to-earth method of examining the kinds of fossil organism present in the sediments .

The society obtained a valuation for its own purposes , and the lady buyer was charged £36 89p .
the society [got] a valuation for its own purposes , and the lady buyer was charged £36 89p .

Apart from the small number of houses in rural areas where water is obtained from a suitable private source like a spring , mountain stream or well , most water is provided through pipes which are called ‘ mains ’ .
apart from the small number of houses in rural areas where water is [got] from a suitable private source like a spring , mountain stream or well , most water is provided through pipes which are called ‘ mains ’ .

It was a way of thought based on the general Hellenic idea that salvation is obtained by knowledge .
it was a way of thought based on the general hellenic idea that salvation is [got] by knowledge .

divided into sixty minutes , the second into sixty parts and so on ; at last after ten or more successive divisions by sixty , time-elements are obtained which are not subjected to division , and in fact are indivisible .
divided into sixty minutes , the second into sixty parts and so on ; at last after ten or more successive divisions by sixty , time-elements are [got] which are not subjected to division , and in fact are indivisible .

Mr John Moore , then Social Security Secretary , had spoken of a young woman in his constituency who obtained special benefit and a council flat by becoming pregnant .
mr john moore , then social security secretary , had spoken of a young woman in his constituency who [got] special benefit and a council flat by becoming pregnant .

Meanwhile the county has revalued its assets to reflect its long lease and the planning consents obtained .
meanwhile the county has revalued its assets to reflect its long lease and the planning consents [got] .

The club relies solely on the support of members and friends for its funds , although sponsorship has been obtained from Sa Nostra , the premier Savings Bank in the Balearics .
the club relies solely on the support of members and friends for its funds , although sponsorship has been [got] from sa nostra , the premier savings bank in the balearics .

Information exerts its power when it is handled — collected , stored , transferred , analysed , collated , indexed , and , of course , published , broadcast , or obtained illicitly .
information exerts its power when it is handled — collected , stored , transferred , analysed , collated , indexed , and , of course , published , broadcast , or [got] illicitly .

The first principle is that ‘ the information to be contained in personal data shall be obtained , and personal data shall be processed , fairly and lawfully ’ .
the first principle is that ‘ the information to be contained in personal data shall be [got] , and personal data shall be processed , fairly and lawfully ’ .

Since the electoral registration officer is authorised by statute to sell copies of the electoral register , address lists from this source are fairly and lawfully obtained ; objections to trading in other address lists can be circumvented if , at the time of the initial collection of information , it is made clear that addresses will be passed on unless the data subject expressly objects .
since the electoral registration officer is authorised by statute to sell copies of the electoral register , address lists from this source are fairly and lawfully [got] ; objections to trading in other address lists can be circumvented if , at the time of the initial collection of information , it is made clear that addresses will be passed on unless the data subject expressly objects .

It should be evident from the preceding section that the product of conception obtained half its genetic endowment from the father 's sperm , and the other half from the mother 's egg .
it should be evident from the preceding section that the product of conception [got] half its genetic endowment from the father 's sperm , and the other half from the mother 's egg .

Details of where they can be obtained are given on p. 146 .
details of where they can be [got] are given on p. 146 .

Keep all background information in your interview file ( see below ) together with any printed information obtained from the company .
keep all background information in your interview file ( see below ) together with any printed information [got] from the company .

Since our bodies can not make minerals , a daily balanced supply must be obtained to ensure good health .
since our bodies can not make minerals , a daily balanced supply must be [got] to ensure good health .

As such , although dramatic results can be obtained , every qualified chiropractor will tell you that there is no average length for the course of treatment your condition may require .
as such , although dramatic results can be [got] , every qualified chiropractor will tell you that there is no average length for the course of treatment your condition may require .

Contact your local Family Health Services Authority or District Health Authority for information on the availability of local services ( the address will be in the phone book ) . Information can also be obtained from :
contact your local family health services authority or district health authority for information on the availability of local services ( the address will be in the phone book ) . information can also be [got] from :

Two years later , when he obtained work as a bailiff executing writs , he regained his potency .
two years later , when he [got] work as a bailiff executing writs , he regained his potency .

Cumberland also felt some anxiety about the security of Blair Castle , situated about eight miles [ 13 km ] north-west of Pitlochry , the ancestral home of Lord George Murray , who obtained permission from Prince Charles to try and regain it from the government forces occupying it , but his light guns proved ineffective against the castle 's 7-ft [ 2.1-m ] thick walls .
cumberland also felt some anxiety about the security of blair castle , situated about eight miles [ 13 km ] north-west of pitlochry , the ancestral home of lord george murray , who [got] permission from prince charles to try and regain it from the government forces occupying it , but his light guns proved ineffective against the castle 's 7-ft [ 2.1-m ] thick walls .

We do not wish to commit Spain to entering the war merely in order to frighten England into a peace from which nothing but the independence of the Americans would be obtained … You must … convince us that you do not want us to declare war simply in order to terrify the English into making peace by a naval promenade in the Channel .
we do not wish to commit spain to entering the war merely in order to frighten england into a peace from which nothing but the independence of the americans would be [got] … you must … convince us that you do not want us to declare war simply in order to terrify the english into making peace by a naval promenade in the channel .

Undeterred , two months later Hannah enrolled at University College , London to read French , having obtained her release from war work on medical grounds .
undeterred , two months later hannah enrolled at university college , london to read french , having [got] her release from war work on medical grounds .

Many of these are obtained by the staff of employment offices in over 200 locations around the country .
many of these are [got] by the staff of employment offices in over 200 locations around the country .

The prices obtained are those actually charged in the selected retail outlets and an attempt is made to ensure that the prices collected relate to goods and services of the same quality every month .
the prices [got] are those actually charged in the selected retail outlets and an attempt is made to ensure that the prices collected relate to goods and services of the same quality every month .

The actual published index for April 1985 is obtained by multiplying the index for April 1985 relative to January 1985 by the index for January 1985 relative to January 1974 and dividing by 100 .
the actual published index for april 1985 is [got] by multiplying the index for april 1985 relative to january 1985 by the index for january 1985 relative to january 1974 and dividing by 100 .

As an independent small library , all such decisions would be submitted to the library committee for consideration if they involved expenditure or day release implications ’ … ‘ Authorisation to attend courses must be obtained from the education chairman ’ … ‘ Control is exercised by the chairman of the establishment committee who needs to be convinced of the value of each and every application ’ … ‘ If the cost involved is very high , the Chief Officer of the Library Authority has to approve attendance ’ .
as an independent small library , all such decisions would be submitted to the library committee for consideration if they involved expenditure or day release implications ’ … ‘ authorisation to attend courses must be [got] from the education chairman ’ … ‘ control is exercised by the chairman of the establishment committee who needs to be convinced of the value of each and every application ’ … ‘ if the cost involved is very high , the chief officer of the library authority has to approve attendance ’ .

But Mother did the best she could and made rabbit pies , apple pies , and obtained a very good recipe from Mrs Fawcett for a tattie cake , which was a bit like a Cornish pasty , without the meat , and a whole lot bigger .
but mother did the best she could and made rabbit pies , apple pies , and [got] a very good recipe from mrs fawcett for a tattie cake , which was a bit like a cornish pasty , without the meat , and a whole lot bigger .

In 1937 , Cottle obtained First Class Honours in Latin .
in 1937 , cottle [got] first class honours in latin .

He was born in 1928 and educated at Winchester College and at New College , Oxford , where he obtained a First in Classics .
he was born in 1928 and educated at winchester college and at new college , oxford , where he [got] a first in classics .

The results obtained from the strain gauges and the high speed film confirmed the validity of the computer model .
the results [got] from the strain gauges and the high speed film confirmed the validity of the computer model .

To regard this as an ‘ injustice ’ runs contrary to the idea that divorce is to be obtained on proof of breakdown .
to regard this as an ‘ injustice ’ runs contrary to the idea that divorce is to be [got] on proof of breakdown .

We were fortunate to have obtained funding for the project from the Gatsby Trust and from Guy 's Hospital Special Trustees .
we were fortunate to have [got] funding for the project from the gatsby trust and from guy 's hospital special trustees .

The information given to the development officers at this stage was the client 's name , main address , temporary address ( if any ) , date of birth , date of referral to the psychiatric service , date of domiciliary visit by the psychiatrist , diagnosis , score on the researcher 's organic brain syndrome scale , and whether consent for inclusion in the project had been obtained from the client , his or her next of kin , and his or her general practitioner ( or hospital doctor if temporarily in hospital ) .
the information given to the development officers at this stage was the client 's name , main address , temporary address ( if any ) , date of birth , date of referral to the psychiatric service , date of domiciliary visit by the psychiatrist , diagnosis , score on the researcher 's organic brain syndrome scale , and whether consent for inclusion in the project had been [got] from the client , his or her next of kin , and his or her general practitioner ( or hospital doctor if temporarily in hospital ) .

She visited the client , and through an informal conversation obtained as much information as she could about his or her mental state , behavioural problems , self-care capacity , and home care situation .
she visited the client , and through an informal conversation [got] as much information as she could about his or her mental state , behavioural problems , self-care capacity , and home care situation .

For almost a third of the clients for whom the development officers provided a service they obtained or increased cover from other services .
for almost a third of the clients for whom the development officers provided a service they [got] or increased cover from other services .

In the last case the development officer had obtained the services of an unpaid volunteer to relieve a wife occasionally from the care of her husband .
in the last case the development officer had [got] the services of an unpaid volunteer to relieve a wife occasionally from the care of her husband .

The development officers clearly fulfilled the objectives established for them : they assessed their clients ’ needs , negotiated with other service-providers to obtain increased support from existing sources , they recruited local support workers for all clients whom they assessed as needing enhanced care ; this enhanced support was obtained quickly and with few difficulties , and clearly several very dependent clients were sustained at home as a result of this care .
the development officers clearly fulfilled the objectives established for them : they assessed their clients ’ needs , negotiated with other service-providers to obtain increased support from existing sources , they recruited local support workers for all clients whom they assessed as needing enhanced care ; this enhanced support was [got] quickly and with few difficulties , and clearly several very dependent clients were sustained at home as a result of this care .

; whether dementia sufferers in the action project expressed less worry , sadness , loneliness than those in the control samples ; whether the project helped people to maintain their capacity to cope with certain tasks or activities of daily living ; and finally whether it succeeded in obtaining more of other community services for its clients than were obtained by those in the control sample ( eg more home help , meals-on-wheels , day care , home nursing , and so on ) .
; whether dementia sufferers in the action project expressed less worry , sadness , loneliness than those in the control samples ; whether the project helped people to maintain their capacity to cope with certain tasks or activities of daily living ; and finally whether it succeeded in obtaining more of other community services for its clients than were [got] by those in the control sample ( eg more home help , meals-on-wheels , day care , home nursing , and so on ) .

Of these 123 , a full interview was obtained with l04 principal carers at the time of the patient 's referral to the project ( six carers refused to be interviewed , and it was not possible to interview a further nine for reasons such as the carer 's ill health or death or because the patient and carer soon moved out of the area ; for the remaining four some information was obtained by telephone ) .
of these 123 , a full interview was [got] with l04 principal carers at the time of the patient 's referral to the project ( six carers refused to be interviewed , and it was not possible to interview a further nine for reasons such as the carer 's ill health or death or because the patient and carer soon moved out of the area ; for the remaining four some information was [got] by telephone ) .

Bach Flower Remedies are available from many health food shops or they may be obtained by mail order from the Bach Centre in Oxfordshire , England ( see page 133 ) .
bach flower remedies are available from many health food shops or they may be [got] by mail order from the bach centre in oxfordshire , england ( see page 133 ) .

It can be argued that controls by Central Government are desirable to ensure that a uniform minimum standard of efficiency is obtained where the taxpayer at large is contributing through the national Exchequer to local services .
it can be argued that controls by central government are desirable to ensure that a uniform minimum standard of efficiency is [got] where the taxpayer at large is contributing through the national exchequer to local services .

The powers obtained under a local authority 's private Act are generally known as ‘ local Act powers ’
the powers [got] under a local authority 's private act are generally known as ‘ local act powers ’

Such an order can be swiftly obtained if necessary and can be operative within 24 hours of the decision of the local authority .
such an order can be swiftly [got] if necessary and can be operative within 24 hours of the decision of the local authority .

This order may be obtained whether the courts are sitting or not , if a ‘ prima facie ’ case is make out to a judge of the High Court .
this order may be [got] whether the courts are sitting or not , if a ‘ prima facie ’ case is make out to a judge of the high court .

The declaration must be in the form prescribed by the Secretary of State and can be obtained from the chief executive or clerk of the authority .
the declaration must be in the form prescribed by the secretary of state and can be [got] from the chief executive or clerk of the authority .

The newly-elected councillor should make it his duty to find out how committees are elected and this information will be readily obtained from the chief executive or clerk of the authority .
the newly-elected councillor should make it his duty to find out how committees are elected and this information will be readily [got] from the chief executive or clerk of the authority .

Any instructions to counsel and any opinion of counsel ( whether or not in connection with any proceedings ) and any advice received , information obtained or action to be taken in connection with —
any instructions to counsel and any opinion of counsel ( whether or not in connection with any proceedings ) and any advice received , information [got] or action to be taken in connection with —

By doing so , they obtained a shared strength with which to challenge the attitudes of others .
by doing so , they [got] a shared strength with which to challenge the attitudes of others .

Not only have investors miscalculated the willingness of British people to join organisations — which may have been due to a lack of appreciation of the different cultures on each side of the Atlantic , disguised by a common language — but the benefits on offer through these so-called affinity schemes can be obtained in this country through countless other sources .
not only have investors miscalculated the willingness of british people to join organisations — which may have been due to a lack of appreciation of the different cultures on each side of the atlantic , disguised by a common language — but the benefits on offer through these so-called affinity schemes can be [got] in this country through countless other sources .

The 2nd Longreen Pack held their meetings in fine weather in the wild park of Longreen Manor , by permission of the estate agent , which he had obtained specially from Sir George Phillips .
the 2nd longreen pack held their meetings in fine weather in the wild park of longreen manor , by permission of the estate agent , which he had [got] specially from sir george phillips .

Information and leaflets can also be obtained from the association secretary , Judith Gerry , on 0252 622520 .
information and leaflets can also be [got] from the association secretary , judith gerry , on 0252 622520 .

‘ We recognized that they were a new club , that they had obtained a good holding in a Rugby area and that the club had bright prospects , but our case was clear — Leeds were defiant , and could be defiant through one cause — fear of the papers giving away certain secrets . ’
‘ we recognized that they were a new club , that they had [got] a good holding in a rugby area and that the club had bright prospects , but our case was clear — leeds were defiant , and could be defiant through one cause — fear of the papers giving away certain secrets . ’

Overton describes three different types of information obtained from automated systems — statistical , operational and analytical .
overton describes three different types of information [got] from automated systems — statistical , operational and analytical .

the square roots obtained from all the interest category loan components are totalled and then each individual square root is calculated as a percentage of that total .
the square roots [got] from all the interest category loan components are totalled and then each individual square root is calculated as a percentage of that total .

To avoid single-line and passing - loops construction , special dispensation was obtained from the Board of Trade for the north-bound line to be laid in the gutter .
to avoid single-line and passing - loops construction , special dispensation was [got] from the board of trade for the north-bound line to be laid in the gutter .

He was a man twenty years older than most of us who , though he held a junior rank and had no real ties with the service , had obtained considerable influence with the senior officers in the camp .
he was a man twenty years older than most of us who , though he held a junior rank and had no real ties with the service , had [got] considerable influence with the senior officers in the camp .

Despite their many differences , deep ecology , animal welfare , and anti-cruelty have some fundamental similarities , the most important of which is that individuals are morally expendable — expendable for the deep ecologist as long as the good of the biotic community is sustained or promoted , expendable for the animal welfarist as long as the welfare of others is protected or advanced , and expendable for those who accept the anti-cruelty position , as long as worthy ends are not obtained by means that cause excessive suffering .
despite their many differences , deep ecology , animal welfare , and anti-cruelty have some fundamental similarities , the most important of which is that individuals are morally expendable — expendable for the deep ecologist as long as the good of the biotic community is sustained or promoted , expendable for the animal welfarist as long as the welfare of others is protected or advanced , and expendable for those who accept the anti-cruelty position , as long as worthy ends are not [got] by means that cause excessive suffering .

In April , the company unexpectedly obtained new contracts which might have made it possible for it to keep him in work .
in april , the company unexpectedly [got] new contracts which might have made it possible for it to keep him in work .

He chose Ottery as the place in which to found a religious community , and in 1337 obtained the king 's licence to make the church a collegiate foundation , whose members were to include a warden , a minister , a chanter , and eight choral vicars .
he chose ottery as the place in which to found a religious community , and in 1337 [got] the king 's licence to make the church a collegiate foundation , whose members were to include a warden , a minister , a chanter , and eight choral vicars .

There he ‘ distinguished himself for Hebrew & Mathematics ’ , and might eventually have obtained a fellowship had he still been single .
there he ‘ distinguished himself for hebrew & mathematics ’ , and might eventually have [got] a fellowship had he still been single .

The Trust has already obtained such permission once , when in February 1986 it divested some 21 per cent of its holding in Wellcome .
the trust has already [got] such permission once , when in february 1986 it divested some 21 per cent of its holding in wellcome .

While discussing the Chinese search for the elixir of life , for example , we are taken in detail through the notion that the Chinese may have obtained the ideas from the Vedic culture .
while discussing the chinese search for the elixir of life , for example , we are taken in detail through the notion that the chinese may have [got] the ideas from the vedic culture .

Furthermore , Silberbauer et al ( 1979 ) showed that vein biopsies obtained from insulin-dependent diabetics generated significantly less prostacyclin compared to age- and sex-matched controls .
furthermore , silberbauer et al ( 1979 ) showed that vein biopsies [got] from insulin-dependent diabetics generated significantly less prostacyclin compared to age- and sex-matched controls .

In addition to the findings that vascular prostacyclin production may be decreased in diabetes , it has been shown that platelets obtained from diabetic subjects show diminished sensitivity to the antiaggregatory effects of prostacyclin in vitro .
in addition to the findings that vascular prostacyclin production may be decreased in diabetes , it has been shown that platelets [got] from diabetic subjects show diminished sensitivity to the antiaggregatory effects of prostacyclin in vitro .

Thromboxane production by platelets stimulated with arachidonic acid showed a significant positive correlation with the fasting plasma glucose concentration obtained at the same time in a group of 15 diabetics studied by Halushka et al ( 1981 b ) .
thromboxane production by platelets stimulated with arachidonic acid showed a significant positive correlation with the fasting plasma glucose concentration [got] at the same time in a group of 15 diabetics studied by halushka et al ( 1981 b ) .

The best results are obtained if insulin is administered at least 30 minutes before the meal ( Lean et al , 1985 ) .
the best results are [got] if insulin is administered at least 30 minutes before the meal ( lean et al , 1985 ) .

Ridd ( 1973 ) showed from evidence obtained by surface mapping and shallow drilling that in the Poxwell anticline in Dorset the surface structure was offset to the north by accommodation in the incompetent Upper Jurassic clays ; this may apply to other examples .
ridd ( 1973 ) showed from evidence [got] by surface mapping and shallow drilling that in the poxwell anticline in dorset the surface structure was offset to the north by accommodation in the incompetent upper jurassic clays ; this may apply to other examples .

In 1968 Marathon obtained prospecting rights in south-east Antrim and the adjacent offshore area , and in 1971 the Newmill No .
in 1968 marathon [got] prospecting rights in south-east antrim and the adjacent offshore area , and in 1971 the newmill no .

Following the drilling of deep boreholes in the 1960 's and in 1978–79 which had confirmed the presence of sandstones with good reservoir characteristics in several areas below the thick basalt cover , there was an urgent need to establish whether usable seismic data could be obtained from below the basalts .
following the drilling of deep boreholes in the 1960 's and in 1978–79 which had confirmed the presence of sandstones with good reservoir characteristics in several areas below the thick basalt cover , there was an urgent need to establish whether usable seismic data could be [got] from below the basalts .

Experimental lines across basalts were also shot in the area west of Lough Neagh , and indicated that useful results can be obtained despite the surface problems .
experimental lines across basalts were also shot in the area west of lough neagh , and indicated that useful results can be [got] despite the surface problems .

Somewhat higher values were obtained elsewhere .
somewhat higher values were [got] elsewhere .

The variations in gas yield and composition with maturity have been determined for Palaeozoic and Tertiary coals using data obtained from laboratory heating experiments .
the variations in gas yield and composition with maturity have been determined for palaeozoic and tertiary coals using data [got] from laboratory heating experiments .

The closure stress , i.e. , the stress which must be overcome to keep the fracture open can be obtained by analysing the pressure decline curve , following shut-in after a ‘ mini-frac ’ test .
the closure stress , i.e. , the stress which must be overcome to keep the fracture open can be [got] by analysing the pressure decline curve , following shut-in after a ‘ mini-frac ’ test .

Poisson 's Ratio is computed from the ratio of compressional velocity to shear velocity obtained from the analysis of waveforms recorded with the Long Spaced Sonic Tool or Digital Sonic Tool .
poisson 's ratio is computed from the ratio of compressional velocity to shear velocity [got] from the analysis of waveforms recorded with the long spaced sonic tool or digital sonic tool .

The formation break-down gradient of 0.96 obtained from the test in the interval 4460 to 4468 m compared well with the computed fracture re-opening pressure gradient 0.95 psi/ft .
the formation break-down gradient of 0.96 [got] from the test in the interval 4460 to 4468 m compared well with the computed fracture re-opening pressure gradient 0.95 psi/ft .

An indication of the ability of the layers above and below the injection point to contain the vertical fracture can be obtained by studying the closure stress gradients in a vertical sequence .
an indication of the ability of the layers above and below the injection point to contain the vertical fracture can be [got] by studying the closure stress gradients in a vertical sequence .

On this basis the necessary funding would be obtained for ongoing conversion to resources at the correct levels .
on this basis the necessary funding would be [got] for ongoing conversion to resources at the correct levels .

Once resources have been obtained , they would be organised to provide the College curriculum , and ensure the necessary non-teaching support .
once resources have been [got] , they would be organised to provide the college curriculum , and ensure the necessary non-teaching support .

However , more recently , counterexamples to these conclusions have been obtained , in the non-aligned case by Chandrasekhar and Xanthopoulos ( 1986c ) , and in the aligned case by a degenerate solution of Ferrari and Ibañez ( 1987b ) and by the algebraically general solutions of Feinstein and Ibañez ( 1989 ) .
however , more recently , counterexamples to these conclusions have been [got] , in the non-aligned case by chandrasekhar and xanthopoulos ( 1986c ) , and in the aligned case by a degenerate solution of ferrari and ibañez ( 1987b ) and by the algebraically general solutions of feinstein and ibañez ( 1989 ) .

Initially ( Yurtsever 1988 c ) , he considered the case when the approaching waves have constant aligned polarization and obtained explicit expressions which relate the asymptotic Kasner exponents along the singularity to the initial data posed along the wave fronts of the approaching waves .
initially ( yurtsever 1988 c ) , he considered the case when the approaching waves have constant aligned polarization and [got] explicit expressions which relate the asymptotic kasner exponents along the singularity to the initial data posed along the wave fronts of the approaching waves .

In these solutions therefore ( 9.2 ) and the main equations ( 6.22d , e ) reduce to the single equation ( 9.3 ) For this , Szekeres has obtained the solution ( 9.4 ) which contains two arbitrary constants k 1 and k 2 .
in these solutions therefore ( 9.2 ) and the main equations ( 6.22d , e ) reduce to the single equation ( 9.3 ) for this , szekeres has [got] the solution ( 9.4 ) which contains two arbitrary constants k 1 and k 2 .

Another solution of ( 10.13 ) can be obtained by considering separable solutions involving a sum rather than the product ( 10.14 ) .
another solution of ( 10.13 ) can be [got] by considering separable solutions involving a sum rather than the product ( 10.14 ) .

We may now consider a paper of Stoyanov ( 1979 ) in which he claimed to have obtained a solution without singularities .
we may now consider a paper of stoyanov ( 1979 ) in which he claimed to have [got] a solution without singularities .

The Stoyanov solution has been obtained with the solution of ( 9.3 ) given by ( 10.29 ) which is the solution ( 10.20 ) .
the stoyanov solution has been [got] with the solution of ( 9.3 ) given by ( 10.29 ) which is the solution ( 10.20 ) .

This was initially obtained using the inverse scattering technique in which the initial ‘ seed ’ solution is taken to be the Kasner or Stoyanov solution given by ( 10.20 ) or ( 10.29 ) .
this was initially [got] using the inverse scattering technique in which the initial ‘ seed ’ solution is taken to be the kasner or stoyanov solution given by ( 10.20 ) or ( 10.29 ) .

Various classes of solutions have already been obtained by separating the variables of this equation in a number of different ways .
various classes of solutions have already been [got] by separating the variables of this equation in a number of different ways .

First there are the solutions ( 10.16 ) which have been obtained by separating the variables in ( 10.13 ) .
first there are the solutions ( 10.16 ) which have been [got] by separating the variables in ( 10.13 ) .

It may be noted that the solutions ( 10.80 ) have been obtained by separating the variables in ( 10.62 ) , taking only solutions that are periodic in z .
it may be noted that the solutions ( 10.80 ) have been [got] by separating the variables in ( 10.62 ) , taking only solutions that are periodic in z .

It may therefore be expected that the solutions obtained may be related to known cylindrically symmetric solutions , or to stationary axisymmetric solutions , which similarly have a pair of Killing vectors .
it may therefore be expected that the solutions [got] may be related to known cylindrically symmetric solutions , or to stationary axisymmetric solutions , which similarly have a pair of killing vectors .

Various techniques will be discussed here , and the main solutions that have been obtained using them will be described in the next chapter .
various techniques will be discussed here , and the main solutions that have been [got] using them will be described in the next chapter .

Ferrari and Ibañez , however , originally obtained their solution using the soliton techniques mentioned in Section 12.6 .
ferrari and ibañez , however , originally [got] their solution using the soliton techniques mentioned in section 12.6 .

However , since it has been obtained by a real transformation followed by an Ehlers transformation , as described at the end of Section 12.2 it is essentially simply a rotation and rescaling of the Szekeres solutions .
however , since it has been [got] by a real transformation followed by an ehlers transformation , as described at the end of section 12.2 it is essentially simply a rotation and rescaling of the szekeres solutions .

Within the context of stationary axisymmetric space-times , many techniques have been developed in recent years by which new solutions may be obtained from initial vacuum solutions .
within the context of stationary axisymmetric space-times , many techniques have been developed in recent years by which new solutions may be [got] from initial vacuum solutions .

The first solution for colliding plane gravitational waves that was obtained using the inverse scattering method was that of Ferrari and Ibañez ( 1987 b ) , who obtained the solution described in Section 10.4 using the method in the form developed by Carr and Verdaguer ( 1983 ) .
the first solution for colliding plane gravitational waves that was [got] using the inverse scattering method was that of ferrari and ibañez ( 1987 b ) , who [got] the solution described in section 10.4 using the method in the form developed by carr and verdaguer ( 1983 ) .

Non-aligned solutions have also been obtained using this method by Ferrari , Ibañez and Bruni ( 1987 b ) .
non-aligned solutions have also been [got] using this method by ferrari , ibañez and bruni ( 1987 b ) .

The method has been applied to colliding wave problems by Ernst , García-Díaz and Hauser ( 1988 ) ( see also Ernst , 1988 ) , and a class of new colliding wave solutions has been obtained .
the method has been applied to colliding wave problems by ernst , garcía-díaz and hauser ( 1988 ) ( see also ernst , 1988 ) , and a class of new colliding wave solutions has been [got] .

The first solution of this type was obtained by Nutku and Halil ( 1977 ) .
the first solution of this type was [got] by nutku and halil ( 1977 ) .

Thus the form ( 13.2 ) is obtained uniquely from the Ernst function ( 13.3 ) .
thus the form ( 13.2 ) is [got] uniquely from the ernst function ( 13.3 ) .

It may also be pointed out that Ernst ( 1986 ) has shown that the Nutku-Halil solution can also be obtained using a double-Harrison ( Bäcklund ) transformation , with the seed metric being the isotropic Kasner metric .
it may also be pointed out that ernst ( 1986 ) has shown that the nutku-halil solution can also be [got] using a double-harrison ( bäcklund ) transformation , with the seed metric being the isotropic kasner metric .

It is worth pointing out that , if the initial Killing vector had been taken to be , which is ( 12.25 ) with and , an equivalent transformation would have been obtained with and .
it is worth pointing out that , if the initial killing vector had been taken to be , which is ( 12.25 ) with and , an equivalent transformation would have been [got] with and .

It has already been shown that the new solution obtained using a Geroch transformation will automatically satisfy the required boundary conditions if these are satisfied by the initial solution .
it has already been shown that the new solution [got] using a geroch transformation will automatically satisfy the required boundary conditions if these are satisfied by the initial solution .

It may be noted , however , that if the signs of the expressions for t , p and q in ( 13.24 ) and ( 13.23 ) are changed , the Kerr metric ( 13.27 ) is still obtained but the orientation of r is altered .
it may be noted , however , that if the signs of the expressions for t , p and q in ( 13.24 ) and ( 13.23 ) are changed , the kerr metric ( 13.27 ) is still [got] but the orientation of r is altered .

It may be noticed that the solutions presented in the previous two sections have been obtained using the generating techniques described in Sections 12.3 and 12.4 respectively .
it may be noticed that the solutions presented in the previous two sections have been [got] using the generating techniques described in sections 12.3 and 12.4 respectively .

First , there is the important class of solutions that has been obtained by Ferrari , Ibañez and Bruni ( 1987 a , b ) using the inverse scattering method developed by Belinskii and Zakharov ( 1978 , 1979 ) and Carr and Verdaguer ( 1983 ) .
first , there is the important class of solutions that has been [got] by ferrari , ibañez and bruni ( 1987 a , b ) using the inverse scattering method developed by belinskii and zakharov ( 1978 , 1979 ) and carr and verdaguer ( 1983 ) .

Using this method , they have obtained a two-parameter class of colliding wave solutions with non-aligned polarization .
using this method , they have [got] a two-parameter class of colliding wave solutions with non-aligned polarization .

The Ferrari-Ibañez-Bruni solution has been obtained using as seed the Kasner metric .
the ferrari-ibañez-bruni solution has been [got] using as seed the kasner metric .

With this , they have obtained a generalization of the above solution in the case when .
with this , they have [got] a generalization of the above solution in the case when .

An interesting feature of the method is that the functions and are obtained in terms of the prescribed initial data by solving generalized versions of Abel 's integral equation for the tautochrone problem of classical particle mechanics .
an interesting feature of the method is that the functions and are [got] in terms of the prescribed initial data by solving generalized versions of abel 's integral equation for the tautochrone problem of classical particle mechanics .

They have presented solutions of both forms of the Hilbert problem and shown that each of these agrees with the solution that is obtained by the method referred to above ( Hauser and Ernst , 1989 a ) .
they have presented solutions of both forms of the hilbert problem and shown that each of these agrees with the solution that is [got] by the method referred to above ( hauser and ernst , 1989 a ) .

The field equations for colliding electromagnetic waves have already been obtained in Chapter 6 .
the field equations for colliding electromagnetic waves have already been [got] in chapter 6 .

Throughout the interaction region subsequent to the collision they have obtained a complete set of bounded normal modes that are expressed in terms of spin-weighted spherical harmonics .
throughout the interaction region subsequent to the collision they have [got] a complete set of bounded normal modes that are expressed in terms of spin-weighted spherical harmonics .

According to a theorem of Tariq and Tupper ( 1974 ) , this new solution must as be the Bertotti-Robinson space-time in a different coordinate system . In fact it can be obtained from the Bell-Szekeres line element ( 15.7 ) by the simple rotation ( 15.21 )
according to a theorem of tariq and tupper ( 1974 ) , this new solution must as be the bertotti-robinson space-time in a different coordinate system . in fact it can be [got] from the bell-szekeres line element ( 15.7 ) by the simple rotation ( 15.21 )

There are several related techniques , all having the common feature that some combination of the inputs ( resources consumed ) by health care programmes are compared with some combination of the outputs ( improvements in health obtained ) .
there are several related techniques , all having the common feature that some combination of the inputs ( resources consumed ) by health care programmes are compared with some combination of the outputs ( improvements in health [got] ) .

First , assessment of efficiency explicitly requires consideration of both the resource use and the improvements in health obtained from the use of health care interventions .
first , assessment of efficiency explicitly requires consideration of both the resource use and the improvements in health [got] from the use of health care interventions .

Yet he goes on to say that since intention must be considered in trusts , it would be ridiculous to deny the granddaughter a claim for part , since the testator wanted her to have the whole if the last surviving brother had also obtained his brother 's share .
yet he goes on to say that since intention must be considered in trusts , it would be ridiculous to deny the granddaughter a claim for part , since the testator wanted her to have the whole if the last surviving brother had also [got] his brother 's share .

So far too as creditors were concerned , the daughter would be fair game until she had obtained a formal release from liability .
so far too as creditors were concerned , the daughter would be fair game until she had [got] a formal release from liability .

Soldiers , after all , were ‘ bad ’ at making wills , but obtained concessions on political grounds ; their civilian compatriots were surely just as likely to slip up but could expect no such special treatment : a trust clause could make all the difference to the success of their dying wishes .
soldiers , after all , were ‘ bad ’ at making wills , but [got] concessions on political grounds ; their civilian compatriots were surely just as likely to slip up but could expect no such special treatment : a trust clause could make all the difference to the success of their dying wishes .

Someone who has received an object in exchange is like a buyer ; and so is someone who has received it in payment or retained it after settlement of a law suit or obtained it on the basis of a promise otherwise than as a gift .
someone who has received an object in exchange is like a buyer ; and so is someone who has received it in payment or retained it after settlement of a law suit or [got] it on the basis of a promise otherwise than as a gift .

In the first case the creditor has obtained a grant from the praetor entitling him to take possession of certain property of the debtor in order to secure his loan .
in the first case the creditor has [got] a grant from the praetor entitling him to take possession of certain property of the debtor in order to secure his loan .

In each case the property obtained by the creditor is subject to a trust set up by the testator .
in each case the property [got] by the creditor is subject to a trust set up by the testator .

‘ Er , yes . How came it that you obtained employment here ? ’
‘ er , yes . how came it that you [got] employment here ? ’

It could n't have been very nice for her , thought Karelius , seeing her sister substituted by a woman who had obtained cheap success by such a blatant display of sexuality .
it could n't have been very nice for her , thought karelius , seeing her sister substituted by a woman who had [got] cheap success by such a blatant display of sexuality .

Last June Louise Müller is appearing at Strasbourg in the same company as one of Fouché 's female agents , who makes a routine report to the effect that Louise has obtained employment in Vienna with the Schickenader Opera .
last june louise müller is appearing at strasbourg in the same company as one of fouché 's female agents , who makes a routine report to the effect that louise has [got] employment in vienna with the schickenader opera .

It is important to consider what sort of data we shall be using and how it is to be obtained before we become over-committed to the project .
it is important to consider what sort of data we shall be using and how it is to be [got] before we become over-committed to the project .

But on the other side , it is not necessary to interview everyone in the club if the proper statistical sampling rules are obeyed and if proper tests of significance are applied to results obtained .
but on the other side , it is not necessary to interview everyone in the club if the proper statistical sampling rules are obeyed and if proper tests of significance are applied to results [got] .

All these factors reduce the response rate , no matter how good the original sample may have been , so that what may have been a reasonable one-in-five sample to begin with ends up as nearer one-in-ten actually obtained , because of losses .
all these factors reduce the response rate , no matter how good the original sample may have been , so that what may have been a reasonable one-in-five sample to begin with ends up as nearer one-in-ten actually [got] , because of losses .

Such a concentration on the economic principle underlying the police occupation inevitably gave rise to backbiting and to justifiable criticisms of those who appeared to have obtained their rewards through subterfuges .
such a concentration on the economic principle underlying the police occupation inevitably gave rise to backbiting and to justifiable criticisms of those who appeared to have [got] their rewards through subterfuges .

Equally satisfactory results can be obtained using more orthodox treatments .
equally satisfactory results can be [got] using more orthodox treatments .

However , by means of a whistle , order was swiftly obtained from chaos .
however , by means of a whistle , order was swiftly [got] from chaos .

It was a wonderful vision but over the course of centuries , the gardens became building plots , access to the new houses being obtained by demolishing part of the ground floor of a house to provide a passageway through to the new dwellings .
it was a wonderful vision but over the course of centuries , the gardens became building plots , access to the new houses being [got] by demolishing part of the ground floor of a house to provide a passageway through to the new dwellings .

They had to leave their cottage within a week but fortunately another job with a cottage was obtained in Downton .
they had to leave their cottage within a week but fortunately another job with a cottage was [got] in downton .

When Gran was small , water was obtained at her Rollestone Street home by lifting a trap door in the floor and letting down a container into the stream below .
when gran was small , water was [got] at her rollestone street home by lifting a trap door in the floor and letting down a container into the stream below .

a customer wants to know where a certain product can be obtained
a customer wants to know where a certain product can be [got]

Add together the figures you obtained .
add together the figures you [got] .

if stock runs out before new supplies can be obtained
if stock runs out before new supplies can be [got]

The relative abundances are shown in brackets after each bone type for comparison with the proportions obtained from the intact scats , which are given in Append .
the relative abundances are shown in brackets after each bone type for comparison with the proportions [got] from the intact scats , which are given in append .

Similarly , the largely diurnal species Rhabdomys pumilio is not predated by barn owls ( Perrin , 1982 ) , although overall barn owls take a more diverse sample of small mammals than was obtained from trapping ( see Append .
similarly , the largely diurnal species rhabdomys pumilio is not predated by barn owls ( perrin , 1982 ) , although overall barn owls take a more diverse sample of small mammals than was [got] from trapping ( see append .

10 includes large proportions of rabbits and birds , neither of which were part of the comparative fauna obtained by trapping , so that the two samples appear very dissimilar .
10 includes large proportions of rabbits and birds , neither of which were part of the comparative fauna [got] by trapping , so that the two samples appear very dissimilar .

There are also known differences in the trappability of mammal species , with some species being readily caught in traps and others not , so that the comparative samples obtained by trapping are no more representative than are the predator assemblages . )
there are also known differences in the trappability of mammal species , with some species being readily caught in traps and others not , so that the comparative samples [got] by trapping are no more representative than are the predator assemblages . )

Two pellet samples were obtained for the hen harrier from Orkney ( Table 2.4 ) .
two pellet samples were [got] for the hen harrier from orkney ( table 2.4 ) .

One sample of bones was obtained from a collection of pine marten scats ( Table 2.5 ) .
one sample of bones was [got] from a collection of pine marten scats ( table 2.5 ) .

Other samples of scats from otters and mink were found to contain mainly fish and amphibians , while from stoats and polecats almost no recognizable prey remains were obtained .
other samples of scats from otters and mink were found to contain mainly fish and amphibians , while from stoats and polecats almost no recognizable prey remains were [got] .

Small samples have been obtained from a feral cat hunting at Rhulen in Wales and from a captive margay in London Zoo .
small samples have been [got] from a feral cat hunting at rhulen in wales and from a captive margay in london zoo .

The predators that have provided pellet and scat samples to this study are described briefly and an account given of the localities where the samples were obtained .
the predators that have provided pellet and scat samples to this study are described briefly and an account given of the localities where the samples were [got] .

Additional pellet samples were obtained from single species of vulture , condor , crow and gull , but none provided large enough small mammal samples for analysis .
additional pellet samples were [got] from single species of vulture , condor , crow and gull , but none provided large enough small mammal samples for analysis .

The value of this work can be assessed by the fact that of 2,000 parts which may be needed for the repair of a bomber , 1,000 of them could often be obtained from such recoveries .
the value of this work can be assessed by the fact that of 2,000 parts which may be needed for the repair of a bomber , 1,000 of them could often be [got] from such recoveries .

The regimental signallers belonged to the Wolverton company and always obtained a high position among the home district signallers at the annual official examinations .
the regimental signallers belonged to the wolverton company and always [got] a high position among the home district signallers at the annual official examinations .

Jack Lewis was a brilliant attacking wing-half whom Palace obtained for nothing more than a signing-on fee from West Bromwich Albion in the summer of 1938 .
jack lewis was a brilliant attacking wing-half whom palace [got] for nothing more than a signing-on fee from west bromwich albion in the summer of 1938 .

Biographical data on Charles Babbage , computer pioneer , and most famous scientists can be obtained from our holdings of biographical reference works and individual biographies .
biographical data on charles babbage , computer pioneer , and most famous scientists can be [got] from our holdings of biographical reference works and individual biographies .

Permits can be obtained in the hotel without charge to residents .
permits can be [got] in the hotel without charge to residents .

Having obtained a supply of Ponderosa spring water , and with a final round of handshaking and kissing of cheeks , ( the local lads were n't so keen on the latter , but the girls did n't mind a bit ) , the Frenchmen finally took their leave .
having [got] a supply of ponderosa spring water , and with a final round of handshaking and kissing of cheeks , ( the local lads were n't so keen on the latter , but the girls did n't mind a bit ) , the frenchmen finally took their leave .

This festival promises to be the most exciting yet and full details may be obtained by telephoning Flowerfield Arts Festival Centre on ( 026583 ) 3959 .
this festival promises to be the most exciting yet and full details may be [got] by telephoning flowerfield arts festival centre on ( 026583 ) 3959 .

For Ulster Orchestra Concerts in the Coleraine Campus , tickets can also be obtained from
for ulster orchestra concerts in the coleraine campus , tickets can also be [got] from

It may be significant that Paul Black was involved heavily at the London end in the design of such schemes , but again not from the total viewpoint which in any case would probably be regarded as one of the weaknesses of the London development where there was less overview than obtained in Oxford .
it may be significant that paul black was involved heavily at the london end in the design of such schemes , but again not from the total viewpoint which in any case would probably be regarded as one of the weaknesses of the london development where there was less overview than [got] in oxford .

One of the speakers , a Mr Sibbald , who had studied at the College and obtained his certificate , said ‘ My father was a farrier .
one of the speakers , a mr sibbald , who had studied at the college and [got] his certificate , said ‘ my father was a farrier .

In due course , finding that national discontents and factious habits of thinking were spreading rapidly in that city and throughout France , he obtained leave to visit England again , under the pretext of buying horses for his sovereign 's stud .
in due course , finding that national discontents and factious habits of thinking were spreading rapidly in that city and throughout france , he [got] leave to visit england again , under the pretext of buying horses for his sovereign 's stud .

‘ He had obtained little knowledge from books , but he had been an original observer , and had reflected much on all he had observed , and drew his own conclusions .
‘ he had [got] little knowledge from books , but he had been an original observer , and had reflected much on all he had observed , and drew his own conclusions .

He attended Coleman 's lectures , and obtained his diploma on 21 January 1818 after three months ' study .
he attended coleman 's lectures , and [got] his diploma on 21 january 1818 after three months ' study .

By his intimate connection with the greatest men of the day in the medical profession , he obtained for his pupils the privilege of their teaching free of expense , and thus it is that a considerable number in the ranks of our profession are pupils of Abernethy , Astley Cooper , Charles Bell , Brodie , Faraday and Brand .
by his intimate connection with the greatest men of the day in the medical profession , he [got] for his pupils the privilege of their teaching free of expense , and thus it is that a considerable number in the ranks of our profession are pupils of abernethy , astley cooper , charles bell , brodie , faraday and brand .

Sewell obtained more horseshoes in Holland , which had no veterinary school , and praised the royal stables at The Hague .
sewell [got] more horseshoes in holland , which had no veterinary school , and praised the royal stables at the hague .

Where a local authority proposes to take action under s.92 ( 1 ) ( d ) or ( c ) and it would be possible for action to be taken under the above 1906 Act , consent must first be obtained from the Secretary of State for the Environment .
where a local authority proposes to take action under s.92 ( 1 ) ( d ) or ( c ) and it would be possible for action to be taken under the above 1906 act , consent must first be [got] from the secretary of state for the environment .

This eventuality is provided for in s.97 of the Public Health Act 1936 , and proceedings may be instituted against any one , or all of the odour emitters providing sufficient evidence can be obtained to satisfy the court that a particular works is in fact contributing to the statutory nuisance .
this eventuality is provided for in s.97 of the public health act 1936 , and proceedings may be instituted against any one , or all of the odour emitters providing sufficient evidence can be [got] to satisfy the court that a particular works is in fact contributing to the statutory nuisance .

Absorption or wet scrubbing as it is often called has however the disadvantage of having to dispose of the liquid effluent obtained , which may itself require treatment before disposal , and has led to the comment that we may be merely replacing one effluent problem by another by using this method .
absorption or wet scrubbing as it is often called has however the disadvantage of having to dispose of the liquid effluent [got] , which may itself require treatment before disposal , and has led to the comment that we may be merely replacing one effluent problem by another by using this method .

Careful manufacturing techniques can vary the pore sizes and the number of pores so that a whole range of carbons with different adsorptive properties can be obtained .
careful manufacturing techniques can vary the pore sizes and the number of pores so that a whole range of carbons with different adsorptive properties can be [got] .

It is available in granular form , in various sizes and is usually used in deep beds , sited as near as possible to the odour source and can be obtained as a charcoal cloth .
it is available in granular form , in various sizes and is usually used in deep beds , sited as near as possible to the odour source and can be [got] as a charcoal cloth .

However , we have obtained some indirect evidence for the involvement of a superficial representation in the interpretation of deep anaphors in a study that addressed a quite different issue ( Garnham & Oakhill 1988 ) .
however , we have [got] some indirect evidence for the involvement of a superficial representation in the interpretation of deep anaphors in a study that addressed a quite different issue ( garnham & oakhill 1988 ) .

If a strong focusing preference is imposed in either direction between the monkey and the banana then the wrong referent will be obtained for one of the alternative second sentences .
if a strong focusing preference is imposed in either direction between the monkey and the banana then the wrong referent will be [got] for one of the alternative second sentences .

Some LEAs have long collated information obtained from schools in such a way that the results might be described as performance indicators .
some leas have long collated information [got] from schools in such a way that the results might be described as performance indicators .

In the case of Vlassoupolou , the European Court confirmed that professional bodies were under a general duty to recognise qualifications obtained in other member states .
in the case of vlassoupolou , the european court confirmed that professional bodies were under a general duty to recognise qualifications [got] in other member states .

the same results can not be obtained by less restrictive means .
the same results can not be [got] by less restrictive means .

Public security , plurality of the media and prudential rules are recognised as legitimate interests , but the Commission 's approval must be obtained before measures are taken to protect other heads of public interest .
public security , plurality of the media and prudential rules are recognised as legitimate interests , but the commission 's approval must be [got] before measures are taken to protect other heads of public interest .

Fish is also a rich source of vitamins and minerals which the body needs and we have already seen above the benefits obtained by eating fish containing Omega-3 fatty acids .
fish is also a rich source of vitamins and minerals which the body needs and we have already seen above the benefits [got] by eating fish containing omega-3 fatty acids .

Loppe was , it appeared , expecting to join up with Nicholas on the battlefield , but on hearing the news , obtained Primaflora 's permission to stay .
loppe was , it appeared , expecting to join up with nicholas on the battlefield , but on hearing the news , [got] primaflora 's permission to stay .

As generally happens , his mother-in-law finally caught up with him and , having obtained a special licence from the Court , arranged for him to be imprisoned for twelve years .
as generally happens , his mother-in-law finally caught up with him and , having [got] a special licence from the court , arranged for him to be imprisoned for twelve years .

By 1830 the number of towns which had obtained Acts of Parliament to have their own Courts of Requests or Courts of Conscience , on the lines of those established in London in 1749 , had risen to fifty-four .
by 1830 the number of towns which had [got] acts of parliament to have their own courts of requests or courts of conscience , on the lines of those established in london in 1749 , had risen to fifty-four .

He gave another instance of a farmer who obtained a loan of £100 on a promissory note of £140 to be repaid at a rate of £8 a month . He had repaid £64 when the money-lender sued him and obtained judgement for £283 8s 1d which was accounted for in this way :
he gave another instance of a farmer who [got] a loan of £100 on a promissory note of £140 to be repaid at a rate of £8 a month . he had repaid £64 when the money-lender sued him and [got] judgement for £283 8s 1d which was accounted for in this way :

Chemists are hunting new ways to create basic compounds from simple substances such as synthesis gas . This mixture of carbon monoxide and hydrogen is obtained from methane , higher hydrocarbons or coal
chemists are hunting new ways to create basic compounds from simple substances such as synthesis gas . this mixture of carbon monoxide and hydrogen is [got] from methane , higher hydrocarbons or coal

They obtained some preserved embryo amphisbaenians — a difficult thing to do as specimens are scarce — and sectioned them at various stages of development .
they [got] some preserved embryo amphisbaenians — a difficult thing to do as specimens are scarce — and sectioned them at various stages of development .

Fuel can be obtained from plants in three ways : by fermenting plant materials into alcohol ; by extracting sap from plants ; or digesting waste biomass into methane .
fuel can be [got] from plants in three ways : by fermenting plant materials into alcohol ; by extracting sap from plants ; or digesting waste biomass into methane .

These encompass information on surface fractures obtained by remote-sensing satellites : details of rocks perhaps 2 km beneath the surface obtained by drilling bore holes ; and anomalies in the Earth 's magnetic field and gravitational force that are measured in instruments on board aeroplanes .
these encompass information on surface fractures [got] by remote-sensing satellites : details of rocks perhaps 2 km beneath the surface [got] by drilling bore holes ; and anomalies in the earth 's magnetic field and gravitational force that are measured in instruments on board aeroplanes .

The speed gained by operating her rotors from a paltry 45 kW source was the equivalent to that obtained had another Diesel of 370 kW been coupled in series to the existing two .
the speed gained by operating her rotors from a paltry 45 kw source was the equivalent to that [got] had another diesel of 370 kw been coupled in series to the existing two .

Accordingly , instead of the three-dimensional geometry of atoms that can be obtained from the diffraction pattern of a crystal , a glass yields only a one-dimensional radial distribution .
accordingly , instead of the three-dimensional geometry of atoms that can be [got] from the diffraction pattern of a crystal , a glass yields only a one-dimensional radial distribution .

This means that Si-O distances dominate the distribution of atoms obtained from diffuse X-ray diffraction .
this means that si-o distances dominate the distribution of atoms [got] from diffuse x-ray diffraction .

Dr Bert Pfeiffer , a physiologist at the University of Montana , has obtained samples of soil and leaf litter from a national park in Vietnam that is far from combat areas .
dr bert pfeiffer , a physiologist at the university of montana , has [got] samples of soil and leaf litter from a national park in vietnam that is far from combat areas .

From these results the change in the nuclear charge radius with isotope can be obtained ( Figure 3 ) .
from these results the change in the nuclear charge radius with isotope can be [got] ( figure 3 ) .

They repeated the experiment and obtained variable able results : often the ethylene decomposed to carbon and hydrogen .
they repeated the experiment and [got] variable able results : often the ethylene decomposed to carbon and hydrogen .

Nevertheless , the two chemists obtained sufficient of the material to indicate that it was a polymer of ethylene .
nevertheless , the two chemists [got] sufficient of the material to indicate that it was a polymer of ethylene .

Alternatively , the information obtained from a remote-sensing satellite could be inappropriate for a developing country if the sensors on board the vehicle are tailored only to the different requirements of industrialised nations .
alternatively , the information [got] from a remote-sensing satellite could be inappropriate for a developing country if the sensors on board the vehicle are tailored only to the different requirements of industrialised nations .

Adeniyi said that in a survey of 93 scientists and engineers from Nigeria who attended overseas courses on remote sensing , only 22 were in a position to apply the knowledge that they had obtained .
adeniyi said that in a survey of 93 scientists and engineers from nigeria who attended overseas courses on remote sensing , only 22 were in a position to apply the knowledge that they had [got] .

can be obtained from thebaine only by a series of elaborate and inefficient chemical processes .
can be [got] from thebaine only by a series of elaborate and inefficient chemical processes .

One polar craft would provide coverage of a spot on the Earth only every 12 hours , twice the period obtained with a two-satellite system .
one polar craft would provide coverage of a spot on the earth only every 12 hours , twice the period [got] with a two-satellite system .

Nowadays , the exploration work often starts with images of the ground obtained by an orbiting satellite such as Landsat .
nowadays , the exploration work often starts with images of the ground [got] by an orbiting satellite such as landsat .

Aerial surveys can achieve the same thing , although the maps so obtained cover a smaller area .
aerial surveys can achieve the same thing , although the maps so [got] cover a smaller area .

He has taken the well-established record of annual changes in the average temperature of the northern hemisphere since 1881 , and obtained the best possible fit to this pattern by combining the three external influences : the greenhouse , volcanic and solar effects .
he has taken the well-established record of annual changes in the average temperature of the northern hemisphere since 1881 , and [got] the best possible fit to this pattern by combining the three external influences : the greenhouse , volcanic and solar effects .

The final part of the book is concerned with the nutrition and ecology of the main grazing mammals of Australia , the kangaroos and wallabies , and the author draws detailed comparisons between data obtained from nutritional measurements made in captivity to the nutrition and performance of wild populations .
the final part of the book is concerned with the nutrition and ecology of the main grazing mammals of australia , the kangaroos and wallabies , and the author draws detailed comparisons between data [got] from nutritional measurements made in captivity to the nutrition and performance of wild populations .

Reputable firms marketing high quality Ginseng will support the fact that no reaction to the plant drug — taken in proper quantities — can be obtained within eight to ten days .
reputable firms marketing high quality ginseng will support the fact that no reaction to the plant drug — taken in proper quantities — can be [got] within eight to ten days .

These days about 15 per cent of our energy is obtained at the flick of a switch .
these days about 15 per cent of our energy is [got] at the flick of a switch .

After six minutes the chemists obtained a membrane 15 micrometres thick , that completely filled the holes in the gold mesh .
after six minutes the chemists [got] a membrane 15 micrometres thick , that completely filled the holes in the gold mesh .

When arrested , Curtis told the police that he had obtained the mushroom spores for £3 from an American magazine High Times .
when arrested , curtis told the police that he had [got] the mushroom spores for £3 from an american magazine high times .

This produces pictures of the ground with a resolution of 30 metres , an improvement on the 80 m obtained from earlier Landsat satellites .
this produces pictures of the ground with a resolution of 30 metres , an improvement on the 80 m [got] from earlier landsat satellites .

No abnormal isolates were obtained from tubers harvested before the webs were sprayed .
no abnormal isolates were [got] from tubers harvested before the webs were sprayed .

Since the conductivity is very low , precise techniques would need to be developed for its measurement , which may present very difficult problems to be overcome , but the research programme would be complete once the relevant information had been obtained .
since the conductivity is very low , precise techniques would need to be developed for its measurement , which may present very difficult problems to be overcome , but the research programme would be complete once the relevant information had been [got] .

He has analysed four photographic plates of the pair obtained with the 5-metre Hale telescope , and three from the 4-metre instrument at Kitt Peak , using a microdensitometer of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory to make a detailed survey of the plates .
he has analysed four photographic plates of the pair [got] with the 5-metre hale telescope , and three from the 4-metre instrument at kitt peak , using a microdensitometer of the jet propulsion laboratory to make a detailed survey of the plates .

The observations so obtained should at least be free from the human bias that attends the study of our own species .
the observations so [got] should at least be free from the human bias that attends the study of our own species .

Kidneys are usually obtained from dead people and many of them from victims of road accidents .
kidneys are usually [got] from dead people and many of them from victims of road accidents .

Because complementary medicine has been unacknowledged by conventional medicine ( and hence also by governments ) , relatively little systematic information has , until recently , been obtained about its impact on society .
because complementary medicine has been unacknowledged by conventional medicine ( and hence also by governments ) , relatively little systematic information has , until recently , been [got] about its impact on society .

So , logical and impressive as the associate flower learning of honey bees seems , these hard-working insects appear simply to be well-programmed learning machines , attending only to the cues deemed salient by evolution ( and then only in well-defined contexts and often during precise critical periods ) — and then filing the information thus obtained in pre-existing arrays .
so , logical and impressive as the associate flower learning of honey bees seems , these hard-working insects appear simply to be well-programmed learning machines , attending only to the cues deemed salient by evolution ( and then only in well-defined contexts and often during precise critical periods ) — and then filing the information thus [got] in pre-existing arrays .

and then what to do with the knowledge thus obtained .
and then what to do with the knowledge thus [got] .

( Catalogues of the Great Exhibition of 1851 commented that although the black walnut of North America produced wood which was of a rich purple-brown and could be obtained in very large plants , it was ‘ but little employed by the cabinet makers ’ in Great Britain ) .
( catalogues of the great exhibition of 1851 commented that although the black walnut of north america produced wood which was of a rich purple-brown and could be [got] in very large plants , it was ‘ but little employed by the cabinet makers ’ in great britain ) .

Phillips agrees and admits that when they did tighten up the protocols according to suggestions from Randi the effects could not be obtained .
phillips agrees and admits that when they did tighten up the protocols according to suggestions from randi the effects could not be [got] .

Data obtained from oil exploration drillings in the Ashdod area indicate large amounts of hot brine at depths of 2450–3350 m .
data [got] from oil exploration drillings in the ashdod area indicate large amounts of hot brine at depths of 2450–3350 m .

From discussion and interviews with these people , the team collected information on the skills and crafts of the people , the tools used ( local and foreign ) , the work procedure used , market demands , training obtained by craftsmen and the training offered , conditions of training and apprenticeship , the cost of the article produced , the time taken and the profit made from the sale .
from discussion and interviews with these people , the team collected information on the skills and crafts of the people , the tools used ( local and foreign ) , the work procedure used , market demands , training [got] by craftsmen and the training offered , conditions of training and apprenticeship , the cost of the article produced , the time taken and the profit made from the sale .

Yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative regulations preclude the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has obtained them .
yet again the official syllabus and scheme of work may recommend the purchase and use of local materials gathered from the local environment when official administrative regulations preclude the headmaster from purchasing these and fail to provide him with any facilities for storing them once he has [got] them .

In Ayr , they lived in a little thatched cottage and Bel obtained employment as a washer-woman to support herself and her son , albeit in the dire poverty of her class in that time .
in ayr , they lived in a little thatched cottage and bel [got] employment as a washer-woman to support herself and her son , albeit in the dire poverty of her class in that time .

His restless spirit could not settle to his legal studies and in 1809 , having obtained a commission from a merchant company to act as their agent and establish trade agreements , he went off to the Mediterranean area .
his restless spirit could not settle to his legal studies and in 1809 , having [got] a commission from a merchant company to act as their agent and establish trade agreements , he went off to the mediterranean area .

As his influence increased , John obtained more grants of land from the government .
as his influence increased , john [got] more grants of land from the government .

He had won the court case , had obtained over £2,000 in costs , was due £4,750 as his half share of the sale price of the Baron , and William Dunlop had still to pay him half of the stallion 's considerable stud earnings for the preceding six years .
he had won the court case , had [got] over £2,000 in costs , was due £4,750 as his half share of the sale price of the baron , and william dunlop had still to pay him half of the stallion 's considerable stud earnings for the preceding six years .

’ By the middle of the 18th century , if not earlier , the parish was in the forefront in breeding new dairy cattle , later to be called the Ayrshire breed , and the increased milk production obtained enabled every small farmer to produce much more butter and cheese .
’ by the middle of the 18th century , if not earlier , the parish was in the forefront in breeding new dairy cattle , later to be called the ayrshire breed , and the increased milk production [got] enabled every small farmer to produce much more butter and cheese .

On those occasions when dependence on the providence of some undefined ‘ god ’ has apparently been effective and some relief from troubles apparently obtained , it could have been shown that the relief came , in reality , from a human source .
on those occasions when dependence on the providence of some undefined ‘ god ’ has apparently been effective and some relief from troubles apparently [got] , it could have been shown that the relief came , in reality , from a human source .

This control was vitally necessary if there could develop within the human race an area of activity which would provide far wider and ultimately greater satisfactions and happiness than could be obtained from purely physical gratifications .
this control was vitally necessary if there could develop within the human race an area of activity which would provide far wider and ultimately greater satisfactions and happiness than could be [got] from purely physical gratifications .

Most of these were born , no doubt , before the fathers obtained high office .
most of these were born , no doubt , before the fathers [got] high office .

Other conventions that have to be appreciated if meaning is a be obtained from pictures include the following :
other conventions that have to be appreciated if meaning is a be [got] from pictures include the following :

Late in the afternoon , he asked and obtained from the now bemused Prior the services of the lay brother who had accompanied them to Earlston .
late in the afternoon , he asked and [got] from the now bemused prior the services of the lay brother who had accompanied them to earlston .

Personnel , and accommodation required for any extra staff needed to handle the work once obtained .
personnel , and accommodation required for any extra staff needed to handle the work once [got] .

On long run jobs regular interim payments should be obtained which are either time or work related .
on long run jobs regular interim payments should be [got] which are either time or work related .

Bukharin was the most sophisticated of Luxemburg 's critics , and in the process of writing his critique of her work he developed a more refined version of Marxist accumulation theory than had obtained hitherto .
bukharin was the most sophisticated of luxemburg 's critics , and in the process of writing his critique of her work he developed a more refined version of marxist accumulation theory than had [got] hitherto .

With a given rate of profit margin , and a given rate of unproductive consumption of surplus-value , , there is obtained a specific , i.e .
with a given rate of profit margin , and a given rate of unproductive consumption of surplus-value , , there is [got] a specific , i.e .

Let us assume that as a result of the increased prices obtained for consumer goods , there is induced an increase in capacity in Dept .
let us assume that as a result of the increased prices [got] for consumer goods , there is induced an increase in capacity in dept .

Comrade Preobrazhensky has … defined socialist accumulation as something where not a single ‘ Copek ’ is obtained from the non-socialist sphere ! And primitive socialist accumulation he defines as something where at least only ‘ one Copek ’ comes from the non-socialist sphere … If one took analogies seriously and from such a definition … of ‘ so-called primitive capitalist accumulation ’ , then literally the whole of capitalism , right up to its death would end up in the ‘ pre-history ’ of capitalism : for capitalism obtains surplus profits from ‘ third persons ’ throughout its entire existence ; there is and will be no such stage in the life of capitalism when profits were not to come its way on the basis of exploitation of third persons .
comrade preobrazhensky has … defined socialist accumulation as something where not a single ‘ copek ’ is [got] from the non-socialist sphere ! and primitive socialist accumulation he defines as something where at least only ‘ one copek ’ comes from the non-socialist sphere … if one took analogies seriously and from such a definition … of ‘ so-called primitive capitalist accumulation ’ , then literally the whole of capitalism , right up to its death would end up in the ‘ pre-history ’ of capitalism : for capitalism obtains surplus profits from ‘ third persons ’ throughout its entire existence ; there is and will be no such stage in the life of capitalism when profits were not to come its way on the basis of exploitation of third persons .

Information on these chairs may be obtained from :
information on these chairs may be [got] from :

Further details can be obtained from the chief instructor John Davenport .
further details can be [got] from the chief instructor john davenport .

Oates is seeking further sponsorship in his aim to remain competitive with the front-running teams , although half the budget has already been obtained .
oates is seeking further sponsorship in his aim to remain competitive with the front-running teams , although half the budget has already been [got] .

Advice can be obtained from 0800 100 143 , our 24-hour freephone energy advice line , ’ added Mr. Ross .
advice can be [got] from 0800 100 143 , our 24-hour freephone energy advice line , ’ added mr. ross .

When the two girls left the smithy , Gay was carrying the wooden board — a rough affair that was all that could be obtained — and Breeze was leading on the end of a knotted string a small and ill-favoured specimen of doghood .
when the two girls left the smithy , gay was carrying the wooden board — a rough affair that was all that could be [got] — and breeze was leading on the end of a knotted string a small and ill-favoured specimen of doghood .

but where there are no formal rights of way the position is that permission should be obtained from the landowners .
but where there are no formal rights of way the position is that permission should be [got] from the landowners .

This is essentially what more recent statisticians are trying to do : to compare actual alignments with those obtained by random methods .
this is essentially what more recent statisticians are trying to do : to compare actual alignments with those [got] by random methods .

The odds against getting the fifty-one three-point alignments obtained are 160 to 1 .
the odds against getting the fifty-one three-point alignments [got] are 160 to 1 .

The study has been criticized for incompleteness of data , but it was a major step forward , and the results obtained were so positive that further research was stimulated .
the study has been criticized for incompleteness of data , but it was a major step forward , and the results [got] were so positive that further research was stimulated .

The beliefs and practices of witchcraft , with an emphasis on the cycles and hidden aspects of nature , the special significance of places , and the generation by such means as dancing of the ‘ cone of power ’ within a magic circle from the energy residing within the human body , tie in very well with the insights obtained through Earth Mysteries research .
the beliefs and practices of witchcraft , with an emphasis on the cycles and hidden aspects of nature , the special significance of places , and the generation by such means as dancing of the ‘ cone of power ’ within a magic circle from the energy residing within the human body , tie in very well with the insights [got] through earth mysteries research .

Whatever the merits of such an exact parallel between the chakras of the human body and the landscape , this way of looking at the countryside seems to enable certain insights into subtle geography to be obtained that might otherwise be missed .
whatever the merits of such an exact parallel between the chakras of the human body and the landscape , this way of looking at the countryside seems to enable certain insights into subtle geography to be [got] that might otherwise be missed .

The detailed instructions which were obtained were followed , and the famous garden flourished in the sand dunes as a direct result .
the detailed instructions which were [got] were followed , and the famous garden flourished in the sand dunes as a direct result .

The clubmosses , which created most of the coal seams , are more closely related to ferns than they are to pine trees , and oil — from which most synthetics are obtained — is not derived from plants at all .
the clubmosses , which created most of the coal seams , are more closely related to ferns than they are to pine trees , and oil — from which most synthetics are [got] — is not derived from plants at all .

This is made by adding water to ethylene gas , which itself is obtained from oil .
this is made by adding water to ethylene gas , which itself is [got] from oil .

Help can be obtained from breast-feeding advisory groups ( addresses given on pp 336–7– .
help can be [got] from breast-feeding advisory groups ( addresses given on pp 336–7– .

These are made using a dough moulding process , rather than injection moulding , in which powdered poly- ( methylmethacrylate ) , obtained by emulsion polymerisation , is mixed with the methyl methacrylate monomer and cross-linking agents .
these are made using a dough moulding process , rather than injection moulding , in which powdered poly- ( methylmethacrylate ) , [got] by emulsion polymerisation , is mixed with the methyl methacrylate monomer and cross-linking agents .

The knowledge obtained from solutions that are put into the eye for other purposes is considerably valuable .
the knowledge [got] from solutions that are put into the eye for other purposes is considerably valuable .

Applications must be made on an appropriate form which can be obtained from the secretary , The British Vacuum Council , London .
applications must be made on an appropriate form which can be [got] from the secretary , the british vacuum council , london .

Upon leaving the institution , he obtained employment as a mason in Dundee Docks .
upon leaving the institution , he [got] employment as a mason in dundee docks .

Although Frank obtained a first-class diploma from the College , he did not find an opening in farming and his thoughts turned once more to medicine for which his experiences at College led him to think he had an aptitude .
although frank [got] a first-class diploma from the college , he did not find an opening in farming and his thoughts turned once more to medicine for which his experiences at college led him to think he had an aptitude .

The figures obtained are used here to calculate three indices for the commoner species : the percentage frequency , relative abundance and contacts per hour .
the figures [got] are used here to calculate three indices for the commoner species : the percentage frequency , relative abundance and contacts per hour .

Among old records there is evidence of irruptions in September 1890 , when single birds were obtained at Harting and Selsey ; October 1892 , when at least seven were seen or obtained between Eastbourne and Selsey , and August and September 1940 , when six were shot at Rye Harbour .
among old records there is evidence of irruptions in september 1890 , when single birds were [got] at harting and selsey ; october 1892 , when at least seven were seen or [got] between eastbourne and selsey , and august and september 1940 , when six were shot at rye harbour .

One was obtained at Worth on 17 January 1922 ; one was seen at Church Norton and Chichester gravel pits from 12 to 14 May 1970 .
one was [got] at worth on 17 january 1922 ; one was seen at church norton and chichester gravel pits from 12 to 14 may 1970 .

One was caught near Eastbourne on 6 August 1874 ; one was obtained near Brighton on 2 September 1894 ; one was obtained near Lancing on 13 November 1900 ; one was obtained near Pevensey on 16 May 1939 ; one was seen near Sedlescombe between 27 December 1941 and 9 January 1942 .
one was caught near eastbourne on 6 august 1874 ; one was [got] near brighton on 2 september 1894 ; one was [got] near lancing on 13 november 1900 ; one was [got] near pevensey on 16 may 1939 ; one was seen near sedlescombe between 27 december 1941 and 9 january 1942 .

Help with financial and welfare problems can be obtained from Deirdre Busby who will be available on weekdays .
help with financial and welfare problems can be [got] from deirdre busby who will be available on weekdays .

The list of results obtained by candidates in each examination , and the decisions about the academic progress of candidates , shall be drawn up by the board of examiners .
the list of results [got] by candidates in each examination , and the decisions about the academic progress of candidates , shall be drawn up by the board of examiners .

Further information may be obtained from the Secretary , University House , Coleraine .
further information may be [got] from the secretary , university house , coleraine .

Application forms may be obtained by either telephoning or writing to the Admissions Office using the tear-off slip at the end of the booklet .
application forms may be [got] by either telephoning or writing to the admissions office using the tear-off slip at the end of the booklet .

There is also a register of ‘ off-campus ’ accommodation in lodgings and furnished houses and flats , and details of vacancies can be obtained from the Accommodation Office .
there is also a register of ‘ off-campus ’ accommodation in lodgings and furnished houses and flats , and details of vacancies can be [got] from the accommodation office .

Further details may be obtained by telephoning ( 0265 ) 44141 , ext 4240 .
further details may be [got] by telephoning ( 0265 ) 44141 , ext 4240 .

More detailed information should be obtained from the relevant grant-awarding bodies ( for addresses see page 47 ) .
more detailed information should be [got] from the relevant grant-awarding bodies ( for addresses see page 47 ) .

Confidence can be obtained from further education .
confidence can be [got] from further education .

Free discussion about attitudes to a problem will relieve anxiety , and mutual support can be obtained .
free discussion about attitudes to a problem will relieve anxiety , and mutual support can be [got] .

These are obtained by step two .
these are [got] by step two .

Successful nursing depends very largely on the nurse 's ability to deal effectively with information received through the senses , whether it is obtained by formal means , such as taking blood-pressure , temperatures and so on or by informal means such as noticing changes in the patient 's condition during bed-making .
successful nursing depends very largely on the nurse 's ability to deal effectively with information received through the senses , whether it is [got] by formal means , such as taking blood-pressure , temperatures and so on or by informal means such as noticing changes in the patient 's condition during bed-making .

Formal observation techniques and equipment are designed to reduce this discrepancy to a minimum but the nursing process depends on much more than can be obtained by this means ; therefore it is important for the teacher to have some understanding of the factors that affect the formation of percepts so that she can help the nurse to make accurate judgements where these are possible and to be sufficiently receptive and mentally flexible to consider more than one possible judgement as basis for action .
formal observation techniques and equipment are designed to reduce this discrepancy to a minimum but the nursing process depends on much more than can be [got] by this means ; therefore it is important for the teacher to have some understanding of the factors that affect the formation of percepts so that she can help the nurse to make accurate judgements where these are possible and to be sufficiently receptive and mentally flexible to consider more than one possible judgement as basis for action .

Intrinsic feedback is obtained through the student 's own actions and is of two kinds — internal and external .
intrinsic feedback is [got] through the student 's own actions and is of two kinds — internal and external .

Internal or kinaesthetic feedback is the feeling obtained from the muscles when performing a skill .
internal or kinaesthetic feedback is the feeling [got] from the muscles when performing a skill .

External feedback is information obtained through the senses , usually visually , by which the student can judge the level of performance and make corrections where necessary .
external feedback is information [got] through the senses , usually visually , by which the student can judge the level of performance and make corrections where necessary .

An extension of intrinsic feedback is the feeling of satisfaction obtained after completing a skill successfully .
an extension of intrinsic feedback is the feeling of satisfaction [got] after completing a skill successfully .

Is the information easily obtained from the chart ?
is the information easily [got] from the chart ?

In addition to the undergraduate courses listed in this prospectus , the University offers a full and expanding programme of postgraduate courses , professional courses , degrees , diplomas and certificates , by a variety of modes of study . Details are available in a series of publications which may be obtained free of charge from :
in addition to the undergraduate courses listed in this prospectus , the university offers a full and expanding programme of postgraduate courses , professional courses , degrees , diplomas and certificates , by a variety of modes of study . details are available in a series of publications which may be [got] free of charge from :

There is also a register of ‘ off-campus ’ accommodation in lodgings and furnished houses and flats , and details of vacancies can be obtained from the Accommodation Office .
there is also a register of ‘ off-campus ’ accommodation in lodgings and furnished houses and flats , and details of vacancies can be [got] from the accommodation office .

The staff of the Sport and Recreation Department are pleased to advise on how maximum benefit can be obtained from the wide-ranging programme on offer .
the staff of the sport and recreation department are pleased to advise on how maximum benefit can be [got] from the wide-ranging programme on offer .

Further details may be obtained by telephoning ( 0265 ) 44141 , ext 4240 .
further details may be [got] by telephoning ( 0265 ) 44141 , ext 4240 .

It is recommended that forms be obtained by schools , colleges and individuals from the Art and Design Admissions Registry .
it is recommended that forms be [got] by schools , colleges and individuals from the art and design admissions registry .

Copies of the direct entry form are available at all schools in Northern Ireland or may be obtained from :
copies of the direct entry form are available at all schools in northern ireland or may be [got] from :

One full credit at foundation level obtained in an Open University course .
one full credit at foundation level [got] in an open university course .

Application for entry to the Certificate in Foundation Studies in Art and Design and Higher National Diplomas should be made on the University 's Direct Entry form which is available at all schools in Northern Ireland . Alternatively , a form may be obtained from :
application for entry to the certificate in foundation studies in art and design and higher national diplomas should be made on the university 's direct entry form which is available at all schools in northern ireland . alternatively , a form may be [got] from :

Graduates of the honours course will also be ideally placed , after having obtained a postgraduate certificate in education , to enter teaching .
graduates of the honours course will also be ideally placed , after having [got] a postgraduate certificate in education , to enter teaching .

Further information on how to get to Beverley , where to stay and where to eat can be obtained free of charge from the Tourist Information Centre
further information on how to get to beverley , where to stay and where to eat can be [got] free of charge from the tourist information centre

On Sunday 17th May , the string orchestra of the Music School of Lemgo will present a concert in the Guildhall , Beverley . Further details can be obtained from Eva La Pensee
on sunday 17th may , the string orchestra of the music school of lemgo will present a concert in the guildhall , beverley . further details can be [got] from eva la pensee

Please note that tickets for Event 16 can only be obtained in advance from York Music Centre .
please note that tickets for event 16 can only be [got] in advance from york music centre .

For the first time , the famous York Cycle of Mystery Plays will be performed in York 's historic Theatre Royal . Further details can be obtained from the Theatre Royal Box Office
for the first time , the famous york cycle of mystery plays will be performed in york 's historic theatre royal . further details can be [got] from the theatre royal box office

Further information can be obtained from any staffed English Heritage property or your nearest Tourist Information Centre .
further information can be [got] from any staffed english heritage property or your nearest tourist information centre .

Panoramic views of the city , the Minster and the nearby Castle Museum can be obtained from the top of Clifford 's Tower , the 13th century keep of York Castle , erected by the Normans .
panoramic views of the city , the minster and the nearby castle museum can be [got] from the top of clifford 's tower , the 13th century keep of york castle , erected by the normans .

The student went on to say that , though he had received help for a specific question , he had not obtained enough understanding to cope with his future library problems .
the student went on to say that , though he had received help for a specific question , he had not [got] enough understanding to cope with his future library problems .

After orientation the intermediary should : Want to extend the general knowledge obtained according to objectives 1–5 , in order to carry out searches on may different databases , via different processing systems , for end-users .
after orientation the intermediary should : want to extend the general knowledge [got] according to objectives 1–5 , in order to carry out searches on may different databases , via different processing systems , for end-users .

The information obtained could be used for the modification of the course under development — formative evaluation directed towards the educational process .
the information [got] could be used for the modification of the course under development — formative evaluation directed towards the educational process .

Patterns of use obtained after the introduction of the programme of user instruction were compared with the pattern of use obtained for a control group before the start of the innovation .
patterns of use [got] after the introduction of the programme of user instruction were compared with the pattern of use [got] for a control group before the start of the innovation .

He had been offered one interview , but had decided against it because , if he obtained the job , it would have meant travelling a long distance every day .
he had been offered one interview , but had decided against it because , if he [got] the job , it would have meant travelling a long distance every day .

First , further information about the patient can be obtained by interviewing relatives and acquaintances and from enquiry of any other hospitals where the patient has been treated .
first , further information about the patient can be [got] by interviewing relatives and acquaintances and from enquiry of any other hospitals where the patient has been treated .

Similar results were obtained in a study of social work intervention in Southampton ( Gibbons et al .
similar results were [got] in a study of social work intervention in southampton ( gibbons et al .

He wrote to various suppliers implying that he owned the arcade and obtained around £350,000 worth of goods on credit .
he wrote to various suppliers implying that he owned the arcade and [got] around £350,000 worth of goods on credit .

The amount of time that even ‘ professional ’ long-firm fraudsters spend in prison is remarkably small in relation to the generally large amounts of money that are obtained from such frauds ( Reading 5 , Chapter 5 , taken from Levi 's study , looks at the long-firm fraudster and imprisonment ) .
the amount of time that even ‘ professional ’ long-firm fraudsters spend in prison is remarkably small in relation to the generally large amounts of money that are [got] from such frauds ( reading 5 , chapter 5 , taken from levi 's study , looks at the long-firm fraudster and imprisonment ) .

Once parental approval had been obtained , the committee entered into negotiations with employer and parents and on reaching a satisfactory agreement , the young person might be taken on a month 's trial .
once parental approval had been [got] , the committee entered into negotiations with employer and parents and on reaching a satisfactory agreement , the young person might be taken on a month 's trial .

This study has illustrated the ways in which the social sciences created ‘ new knowledges ’ as they revolutionized themselves , and none more so than psychology which obtained its influential position by applying itself to a number of ‘ practices ’ involving problems of the ‘ abnormal functioning ’ of either individuals or institutions .
this study has illustrated the ways in which the social sciences created ‘ new knowledges ’ as they revolutionized themselves , and none more so than psychology which [got] its influential position by applying itself to a number of ‘ practices ’ involving problems of the ‘ abnormal functioning ’ of either individuals or institutions .

The guarantor 's name is obtained by the importer .
the guarantor 's name is [got] by the importer .

Information on these factors can be obtained by bank risk analysts from published material , the media and by personal visits of bank executive personnel to correspondent banks .
information on these factors can be [got] by bank risk analysts from published material , the media and by personal visits of bank executive personnel to correspondent banks .

Each working day the bid and offer rates on three month and six month euro-dollars for $ 10m are obtained at 11 a.m. from five reference banks in London .
each working day the bid and offer rates on three month and six month euro-dollars for $ 10m are [got] at 11 a.m. from five reference banks in london .

One was Tim Skerritt , the steward of the Carewscourt estate ; another was the youngest son of a small farmer ; the third man was going to reside permanently in Castlebar where he had obtained a position in a draper 's shop .
one was tim skerritt , the steward of the carewscourt estate ; another was the youngest son of a small farmer ; the third man was going to reside permanently in castlebar where he had [got] a position in a draper 's shop .

When is the information obtained ?
when is the information [got] ?

When is the information obtained ?
when is the information [got] ?

This is because the planning departments believe that the information obtained by the business units needs to be supplemented by their own scanning which has a different emphasis .
this is because the planning departments believe that the information [got] by the business units needs to be supplemented by their own scanning which has a different emphasis .

This company therefore obtained only limited information of this type .
this company therefore [got] only limited information of this type .

These are obtained by four of the six departments on a constant basis from regular sources .
these are [got] by four of the six departments on a constant basis from regular sources .

These were not in general obtained except when noted from scanning newspapers or when highlighted by the online services .
these were not in general [got] except when noted from scanning newspapers or when highlighted by the online services .

All non-specialist information is obtained from online services and , indeed , one department is considering putting specialist information on to its own database .
all non-specialist information is [got] from online services and , indeed , one department is considering putting specialist information on to its own database .

One does not store statistics at all ; if statistics are ever required they are obtained from one of the business divisions .
one does not store statistics at all ; if statistics are ever required they are [got] from one of the business divisions .

In another department further financial information can be obtained from Datastream .
in another department further financial information can be [got] from datastream .

When is the information obtained ?
when is the information [got] ?

The time the information is obtained splits into different patterns depending on the type of information being sought .
the time the information is [got] splits into different patterns depending on the type of information being sought .

Information of an economic type is , in the main , obtained by receiving a set number of economic outlooks on a regular basis .
information of an economic type is , in the main , [got] by receiving a set number of economic outlooks on a regular basis .

More detailed information can be obtained on an ad hoc basis .
more detailed information can be [got] on an ad hoc basis .

Other information is obtained by all six departments by continuous trawling , particularly of newspapers and journals .
other information is [got] by all six departments by continuous trawling , particularly of newspapers and journals .

In general this is obtained by undertaking a survey through the online services .
in general this is [got] by undertaking a survey through the online services .

In addition more detailed information is obtained on occasion in order to satisfy the needs of ad hoc detailed projects .
in addition more detailed information is [got] on occasion in order to satisfy the needs of ad hoc detailed projects .

Only part of the information obtained will indicate where the company should take strategic actions to cope with fundamental structural changes in the environment .
only part of the information [got] will indicate where the company should take strategic actions to cope with fundamental structural changes in the environment .

Many occupations require the use of formal information obtained from papers , books and prepared presentations .
many occupations require the use of formal information [got] from papers , books and prepared presentations .

The most disturbing fact about business intelligence is that the information obtained is rarely used for actual decision making … .
the most disturbing fact about business intelligence is that the information [got] is rarely used for actual decision making … .

When some idea of the framework of objectives , aspirations and activities has been obtained it may be useful to compile a questionnaire , into which answers may be inserted , either by the leader or by the researcher .
when some idea of the framework of objectives , aspirations and activities has been [got] it may be useful to compile a questionnaire , into which answers may be inserted , either by the leader or by the researcher .

The principal considerations are the interests being pursued and the depth of the personal pocket ; the subsidiary ones are the ease with which a good public reference library can be accessed , the speed with which further volumes can be obtained via the public lending service , and the lengths of the permitted retention periods .
the principal considerations are the interests being pursued and the depth of the personal pocket ; the subsidiary ones are the ease with which a good public reference library can be accessed , the speed with which further volumes can be [got] via the public lending service , and the lengths of the permitted retention periods .

Some slight insight into early local agricultural practices may be obtained from such things as Anglo-Saxon charters , details of which have been published ( from 1961 onwards ) in a series of volumes called The Early Charters of … , and commentaries on land usage such as in The Domesday Geography of … , each volume of which deals with a particular region .
some slight insight into early local agricultural practices may be [got] from such things as anglo-saxon charters , details of which have been published ( from 1961 onwards ) in a series of volumes called the early charters of … , and commentaries on land usage such as in the domesday geography of … , each volume of which deals with a particular region .

To end this book a chapter will , therefore , be devoted to the history of a fictitious place called Combsburgh , with the objects of demonstrating ways in which data obtained by careful research may subsequently be incorporated into a narrative .
to end this book a chapter will , therefore , be devoted to the history of a fictitious place called combsburgh , with the objects of demonstrating ways in which data [got] by careful research may subsequently be incorporated into a narrative .

Research ( Fagg , 1980 ) has indicated that at least in some cities , inner-urban areas provide ideal factors of production for newer companies : cheap premises and labour can be obtained , markets are close and niches in production or distribution can be carved out .
research ( fagg , 1980 ) has indicated that at least in some cities , inner-urban areas provide ideal factors of production for newer companies : cheap premises and labour can be [got] , markets are close and niches in production or distribution can be carved out .

Is there any evidence that the Partnerships obtained additional resources from the bending of appropriate central-government expenditure sources ?
is there any evidence that the partnerships [got] additional resources from the bending of appropriate central-government expenditure sources ?

Finally , it almost invariably assumes that substantial improvements can be obtained with the same resources .
finally , it almost invariably assumes that substantial improvements can be [got] with the same resources .

Hall argued , however , that even this least satisfactory outcome would be worth while if it meant some of the long-term unemployed in the inner cities obtained jobs , and were thus able to climb up the skills and income levels .
hall argued , however , that even this least satisfactory outcome would be worth while if it meant some of the long-term unemployed in the inner cities [got] jobs , and were thus able to climb up the skills and income levels .

Since many of the concessions within Freeports can be obtained anywhere through clawbacks and concessions , it is hard to see what activity will be forthcoming , other than would have occurred in any case .
since many of the concessions within freeports can be [got] anywhere through clawbacks and concessions , it is hard to see what activity will be forthcoming , other than would have occurred in any case .

Figure 8.7 shows the worksheet for calculating the log odds and difference in log odds for the same data ; the odds of a service class child attending secondary modern school are obtained by dividing 0.266 by 0.734 , or 0.362 , and so on .
figure 8.7 shows the worksheet for calculating the log odds and difference in log odds for the same data ; the odds of a service class child attending secondary modern school are [got] by dividing 0.266 by 0.734 , or 0.362 , and so on .

Gallup 's findings can be obtained from the Gallup Political Index .
gallup 's findings can be [got] from the gallup political index .

The residuals from the fitted values are obtained by subtraction , as shown in column four of figure 10.6 .
the residuals from the fitted values are [got] by subtraction , as shown in column four of figure 10.6 .

Care has to be taken with the adjacent values , which can not be obtained by reading off distances on the graph paper ; they must be obtained arithmetically .
care has to be taken with the adjacent values , which can not be [got] by reading off distances on the graph paper ; they must be [got] arithmetically .

The effect of being rich is obtained by subtracting the proportion of poor people who would break the law from the proportion of rich people who would .
the effect of being rich is [got] by subtracting the proportion of poor people who would break the law from the proportion of rich people who would .

The values are obtained from the proportion of the base groups who are in the non-base categories of the response variables .
the values are [got] from the proportion of the base groups who are in the non-base categories of the response variables .

Since 1984 , core funding has been provided by the Monument Trust , a Sainsbury foundation , and other funds have been obtained from various government departments and quangos , for their specific areas of concern , and from industry .
since 1984 , core funding has been provided by the monument trust , a sainsbury foundation , and other funds have been [got] from various government departments and quangos , for their specific areas of concern , and from industry .

His data show that between 1978 and 1981 there was virtually no storm runoff or soil wash where forest was undisturbed ; similar results were obtained for the catchment in which traditional farming was practised .
his data show that between 1978 and 1981 there was virtually no storm runoff or soil wash where forest was undisturbed ; similar results were [got] for the catchment in which traditional farming was practised .

Fire , especially when high temperatures are obtained , will destroy the aboveground woody biomass and litter and may impair the reproductive potential of plants by reducing the seed bank in the soil .
fire , especially when high temperatures are [got] , will destroy the aboveground woody biomass and litter and may impair the reproductive potential of plants by reducing the seed bank in the soil .

This led us to undertake a principal components transformation of the seven bands of image data , which gave encouraging results similar to those obtained by Forster ( 1985a ) .
this led us to undertake a principal components transformation of the seven bands of image data , which gave encouraging results similar to those [got] by forster ( 1985a ) .

First , there is a conflict between a desire to maximize the fit obtained , by inclusion of as many statistically significant terms as possible , and simple logic which suggests that the correct form of any fitted model should be a linear weighted sum of only those land-cover types that actually contain mostly housing ( ’ dense ’ and ‘ resid ’ ) without any intercept term .
first , there is a conflict between a desire to maximize the fit [got] , by inclusion of as many statistically significant terms as possible , and simple logic which suggests that the correct form of any fitted model should be a linear weighted sum of only those land-cover types that actually contain mostly housing ( ’ dense ’ and ‘ resid ’ ) without any intercept term .

The final step is to use the results of these models to predict the distribution of population over other arbitrary areal units for which pixel land-cover counts can be obtained .
the final step is to use the results of these models to predict the distribution of population over other arbitrary areal units for which pixel land-cover counts can be [got] .

The dervish whose thoughts were sweet as the sugarcane could not remain perpetually in a state of ecstasy but he obtained from the stillness of the soul a sweetness which is the heirloom of the mystic .
the dervish whose thoughts were sweet as the sugarcane could not remain perpetually in a state of ecstasy but he [got] from the stillness of the soul a sweetness which is the heirloom of the mystic .

The controversy was settled in 1857 when Hammond obtained a new office structure .
the controversy was settled in 1857 when hammond [got] a new office structure .

The site layout should be obtained first , followed by the two building designs .
the site layout should be [got] first , followed by the two building designs .

No such sanction was obtained but , after the end of the Parliamentary Session , Palmerston on 7th August instructed Hall to prepare the Bill for land acquisition .
no such sanction was [got] but , after the end of the parliamentary session , palmerston on 7th august instructed hall to prepare the bill for land acquisition .

Hall , at that time , also urged that an exhibition of the plans should be held to enable the public 's reaction to be obtained before a Commons Committee considered them .
hall , at that time , also urged that an exhibition of the plans should be held to enable the public 's reaction to be [got] before a commons committee considered them .

It pointed out that he had , after considerable difficulty , recently obtained a new lease for Montagu House and had commissioned Burn to rebuild it .
it pointed out that he had , after considerable difficulty , recently [got] a new lease for montagu house and had commissioned burn to rebuild it .

Hope in his draft bluntly stated that it ‘ can not recommend the appointment of Messrs. Coe and Hofland , although they had obtained first prize ’ .
hope in his draft bluntly stated that it ‘ can not recommend the appointment of messrs. coe and hofland , although they had [got] first prize ’ .

From 1833 , when he obtained his first two commissions including the period of his partnership with Moffatt between 1839 and 1845 , Scott had completed at least 167 new buildings and 65 restorations .
from 1833 , when he [got] his first two commissions including the period of his partnership with moffatt between 1839 and 1845 , scott had completed at least 167 new buildings and 65 restorations .

He said that Scott 's selection was justified , as in the competition he had obtained the ‘ sum total of merit ’ on the lists of Burn and the assessors , and had proved to the Committee that his windows let in more light than any other public building in London .
he said that scott 's selection was justified , as in the competition he had [got] the ‘ sum total of merit ’ on the lists of burn and the assessors , and had proved to the committee that his windows let in more light than any other public building in london .

Tite , obviously speaking as an architect , warned the House that if working drawings were prepared and tenders obtained from builders , Manners would find himself committed .
tite , obviously speaking as an architect , warned the house that if working drawings were prepared and tenders [got] from builders , manners would find himself committed .

They passed it on 19th April when it obtained the Royal Assent and became law with the short title , The Public Offices Extension Act 1859 .
they passed it on 19th april when it [got] the royal assent and became law with the short title , the public offices extension act 1859 .

Architecture is a progressive art , and there is no instance on record , in Ancient times , of a retrogression , or a reproduction of the works of preceeding periods … The advance in the interest , and in the improvements , customs and conveniences of society , necessitated advance or change in Architecture to meet those circumstances … Convenience , scientific construction and durable materials should be considered before style or ornament … Style is the mere vehicle by which architectural beauty is obtained ; but , is not necessarily beautiful in itself : — it is the proper application of style which constitutes aesthetic beauty …
architecture is a progressive art , and there is no instance on record , in ancient times , of a retrogression , or a reproduction of the works of preceeding periods … the advance in the interest , and in the improvements , customs and conveniences of society , necessitated advance or change in architecture to meet those circumstances … convenience , scientific construction and durable materials should be considered before style or ornament … style is the mere vehicle by which architectural beauty is [got] ; but , is not necessarily beautiful in itself : — it is the proper application of style which constitutes aesthetic beauty …

Scott tried to arrange a counter address to Palmerston and obtained eighteen or nineteen names , but ‘ the Gothic architects did not come forward in sufficient force to make it worth while ’ .
scott tried to arrange a counter address to palmerston and [got] eighteen or nineteen names , but ‘ the gothic architects did not come forward in sufficient force to make it worth while ’ .

respect confidential information obtained in the course of professional practice and refrain from disclosing such information without the consent of the patient/client or a person entitled to act on his/her behalf except where disclosure is required by law or by order of a court , or is necessary in the public interest .
respect confidential information [got] in the course of professional practice and refrain from disclosing such information without the consent of the patient/client or a person entitled to act on his/her behalf except where disclosure is required by law or by order of a court , or is necessary in the public interest .

Once the Proving picture is obtained then enough is known about the remedy to start using it in practice .
once the proving picture is [got] then enough is known about the remedy to start using it in practice .

So gradually a fuller understanding of the actions of the remedies is obtained enabling them to be used with greater accuracy .
so gradually a fuller understanding of the actions of the remedies is [got] enabling them to be used with greater accuracy .

In addition , it is useful to divide the items retailers order into two groups : those for which additional units can be obtained from the supplier during the selling season for that product and those that can not —that is , replenishable products versus nonreplenishables .
in addition , it is useful to divide the items retailers order into two groups : those for which additional units can be [got] from the supplier during the selling season for that product and those that can not —that is , replenishable products versus nonreplenishables .

In short , there is no shorter description of the output of the program than that which can be obtained by running the program itself .
in short , there is no shorter description of the output of the program than that which can be [got] by running the program itself .

In turn , how does work actually come to be extracted by devices that measure and detect displacements from equilibrium from which work can , in principle , be obtained ?
in turn , how does work actually come to be extracted by devices that measure and detect displacements from equilibrium from which work can , in principle , be [got] ?

Would that scientific proof were so easily obtained .
would that scientific proof were so easily [got] .

Catalytic antibodies are obtained exactly as one might expect , given the concept of a catalytic task space .
catalytic antibodies are [got] exactly as one might expect , given the concept of a catalytic task space .

In the sand pile case , a straight line sloping downward to the right is obtained .
in the sand pile case , a straight line sloping downward to the right is [got] .

This fact suggests that the optimal prediction of a short sequence of data is obtained by a model of intermediate complexity a few Fourier modes , neither a single one nor very many .
this fact suggests that the optimal prediction of a short sequence of data is [got] by a model of intermediate complexity a few fourier modes , neither a single one nor very many .

To appreciate the hiking trails here , an excellent National Park booklet available in English can be obtained from the Tourist Office in Pointe-à-Pitre .
to appreciate the hiking trails here , an excellent national park booklet available in english can be [got] from the tourist office in pointe-à-pitre .

He obtained private backing for the creation of the gallery , which opened in 1889 .
he [got] private backing for the creation of the gallery , which opened in 1889 .

Regional parlements obtained the right to make protest , and the monarchy gradually weakened .
regional parlements [got] the right to make protest , and the monarchy gradually weakened .

Each evening , a sound and light show at the Red Fort tells its story ; details can be obtained from the Tourist Information Bureau .
each evening , a sound and light show at the red fort tells its story ; details can be [got] from the tourist information bureau .

Then in 1879 the Manchester Corporation obtained permission to create a reservoir at the site of the Thirlmere lake .
then in 1879 the manchester corporation [got] permission to create a reservoir at the site of the thirlmere lake .

Information on the conditions of roads and slopes can be obtained from the Associació Catalana d ’ Estacions d ’ Esquí ( Tel .
information on the conditions of roads and slopes can be [got] from the associació catalana d ’ estacions d ’ esquí ( tel .

In 1602 the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) was founded and it obtained a monopoly on all trade routes east of the Cape of Good Hope .
in 1602 the dutch east india company ( voc ) was founded and it [got] a monopoly on all trade routes east of the cape of good hope .

It founded a headquarters in Batavia ( now Jakarta ) in Java and obtained a monopoly trade agreement with Japan in 1641 .
it founded a headquarters in batavia ( now jakarta ) in java and [got] a monopoly trade agreement with japan in 1641 .

On a sunny summer ’ s day parking lots at the latter fill up fast ; at many beaches visitors need a parking permit , which can be obtained from the town hall .
on a sunny summer ’ s day parking lots at the latter fill up fast ; at many beaches visitors need a parking permit , which can be [got] from the town hall .

Go hiking or biking on well-planned nature trails ( details can be obtained from the Old Chelsea Visitors Center ) .
go hiking or biking on well-planned nature trails ( details can be [got] from the old chelsea visitors center ) .

A fuller list of events and information on precise dates can be obtained from the Portuguese Tourist Board or its web site < www.portugal.org > ( see page 169 ) .
a fuller list of events and information on precise dates can be [got] from the portuguese tourist board or its web site < www.portugal.org > ( see page 169 ) .

He obtained objects from every era of Crete ’ s history from Neolithic figurines to jewelry from the Venetian and Turkish eras .
he [got] objects from every era of crete ’ s history from neolithic figurines to jewelry from the venetian and turkish eras .

The cost is estimated at $ 10 million to be obtained from unused federal welfare funds from the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program .
the cost is estimated at $ 10 million to be [got] from unused federal welfare funds from the temporary assistance for needy families program .

A screening blood alcohol level can be obtained easily when blood is drawn for other purposes .
a screening blood alcohol level can be [got] easily when blood is drawn for other purposes .

If a blood alcohol level is obtained to facilitate treatment of an illness or injury , it is not under special protection .
if a blood alcohol level is [got] to facilitate treatment of an illness or injury , it is not under special protection .

However , if it is obtained in order to engage the patient in treatment , the information is protected under the above federal regulations that require the express , written permission of the patient before it can be shared with others.54 A special `` Consent for the Release of Confidential Information '' form must be signed in order for this information to be released.55 Under federal regulations , a general medical consent form is not sufficient .
however , if it is [got] in order to engage the patient in treatment , the information is protected under the above federal regulations that require the express , written permission of the patient before it can be shared with others.54 a special `` consent for the release of confidential information '' form must be signed in order for this information to be released.55 under federal regulations , a general medical consent form is not sufficient .

Data obtained from practically oriented translational studies will help to develop guidelines for optimal resource allocation by determining the sub-population of patients for whom brief interventions are most effective .
data [got] from practically oriented translational studies will help to develop guidelines for optimal resource allocation by determining the sub-population of patients for whom brief interventions are most effective .

Based on these time periods alone , it appears likely that the agencies could have obtained comments earlier and issued the interim rules in time to permit SBREFA 's 60-day delay period for congressional review .
based on these time periods alone , it appears likely that the agencies could have [got] comments earlier and issued the interim rules in time to permit sbrefa 's 60-day delay period for congressional review .

In producing this guide , we contacted a number of private and public sector organizations , which we identified primarily through extensive research on financial management practices , and obtained information on actions that they took and considered effective in reducing improper payments .
in producing this guide , we contacted a number of private and public sector organizations , which we identified primarily through extensive research on financial management practices , and [got] information on actions that they took and considered effective in reducing improper payments .

Further , by being transparent in redefining the culture , oversight entities and top management set expectations and obtained buy-in on the need for and importance of change from individuals throughout the organizations .
further , by being transparent in redefining the culture , oversight entities and top management set expectations and [got] buy-in on the need for and importance of change from individuals throughout the organizations .

This information can be obtained from a variety of sources using a wide range of data collection methodologies .
this information can be [got] from a variety of sources using a wide range of data collection methodologies .

In general , for the organizations that participated in this study , we ( 1 ) conducted extensive Internet and literature searches to identify actions that each had taken to reduce improper payments , ( 2 ) made site visits to interview representatives involved in identifying and taking actions to reduce improper payments , and ( 3 ) obtained and reviewed organization reports and other documentation describing the actions taken , the results of those actions , and future plans in the area .
in general , for the organizations that participated in this study , we ( 1 ) conducted extensive internet and literature searches to identify actions that each had taken to reduce improper payments , ( 2 ) made site visits to interview representatives involved in identifying and taking actions to reduce improper payments , and ( 3 ) [got] and reviewed organization reports and other documentation describing the actions taken , the results of those actions , and future plans in the area .

Based on the information obtained , we asked representatives in the states of Illinois , Kentucky , and Texas if they had any activities that they believed were effective in reducing improper payments .
based on the information [got] , we asked representatives in the states of illinois , kentucky , and texas if they had any activities that they believed were effective in reducing improper payments .

For example , some employees said that working on teams was demotivating when poor performers obtained an equal share of team rewards .
for example , some employees said that working on teams was demotivating when poor performers [got] an equal share of team rewards .

We obtained information primarily through interviews with senior security managers and document analysis conducted during and after visits to the organizations we studied .
we [got] information primarily through interviews with senior security managers and document analysis conducted during and after visits to the organizations we studied .

We supplemented these findings , to a very limited extent , with information obtained from others .
we supplemented these findings , to a very limited extent , with information [got] from others .

Instead , they rely on their general knowledge of threats and vulnerabilities obtained from national incident response centers , professional associations and literature , and their own experience .
instead , they rely on their general knowledge of threats and vulnerabilities [got] from national incident response centers , professional associations and literature , and their own experience .

The employee does not obtain particular benefits under the plan from rendering service in Federal employment , because he or she would have been similarly covered by the program if privately employed and would have obtained similar benefits .
the employee does not obtain particular benefits under the plan from rendering service in federal employment , because he or she would have been similarly covered by the program if privately employed and would have [got] similar benefits .

The amount of revenue recognized for monetary instruments is the market value when the forfeiture judgment is obtained .
the amount of revenue recognized for monetary instruments is the market value when the forfeiture judgment is [got] .

The standard also requires deferred revenue to be recognized when a forfeiture judgment is obtained , but the deferred revenue is reversed when revenue is recognized .
the standard also requires deferred revenue to be recognized when a forfeiture judgment is [got] , but the deferred revenue is reversed when revenue is recognized .

ASSETS -Tangible or intangible items owned by the federal government which would have probable economic benefits that can be obtained or controlled by a federal government entity .
assets -tangible or intangible items owned by the federal government which would have probable economic benefits that can be [got] or controlled by a federal government entity .

On the basis of the data it obtained , the Trade Office made program changes and improved both its performance and its responsiveness .
on the basis of the data it [got] , the trade office made program changes and improved both its performance and its responsiveness .

We obtained input from a wide range of federal executives and managers and experts in public sector strategic planning , performance measurement , and program and policy evaluation , including those from the Departments of Defense , Commerce , Transportation , and the Treasury ; OMB ; the Office of Personnel Management ; the National Academy of Public Administration ; the Urban Institute ; and the University of Southern California .
we [got] input from a wide range of federal executives and managers and experts in public sector strategic planning , performance measurement , and program and policy evaluation , including those from the departments of defense , commerce , transportation , and the treasury ; omb ; the office of personnel management ; the national academy of public administration ; the urban institute ; and the university of southern california .

For 5 Though an in-depth discussion of quality-assurance practices to be used in electronic testing and analyses is beyond the scope of this guidance , it is important to perform appropriate checks to ensure that you have obtained the correct file .
for 5 though an in-depth discussion of quality-assurance practices to be used in electronic testing and analyses is beyond the scope of this guidance , it is important to perform appropriate checks to ensure that you have [got] the correct file .

For those documents never created-for example , when data may be based on electronic submissions-use interviews to obtain related information , any corroborating evidence obtained earlier , or a review of the adequacy of system controls .
for those documents never created-for example , when data may be based on electronic submissions-use interviews to obtain related information , any corroborating evidence [got] earlier , or a review of the adequacy of system controls .

The Commission published the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking in both the Federal Register and the FCC Record , publications that should be easily obtained by small as well as large entities in the telecommunications industry .
the commission published the notice of proposed rulemaking in both the federal register and the fcc record , publications that should be easily [got] by small as well as large entities in the telecommunications industry .

The collection requirement will not be effective until OMB approval is obtained .
the collection requirement will not be effective until omb approval is [got] .

Additional copies of this guide can be obtained from the U.S. General Accounting Office , 700 4th Street NW , Room 1100 , Washington , D.C. 20548 , or by calling ( 202 ) 5126000 or TDD ( 202 ) 5122537 .
additional copies of this guide can be [got] from the u.s. general accounting office , 700 4th street nw , room 1100 , washington , d.c. 20548 , or by calling ( 202 ) 5126000 or tdd ( 202 ) 5122537 .

During meetings with these representatives , we obtained a detailed description of the processes and practices they believed necessary and vital to mature a product design and get manufacturing processes under control .
during meetings with these representatives , we [got] a detailed description of the processes and practices they believed necessary and vital to mature a product design and get manufacturing processes under control .

Leading commercial companies rely on knowledge obtained about critical manufacturing processes and product reliability to make their production decisions .
leading commercial companies rely on knowledge [got] about critical manufacturing processes and product reliability to make their production decisions .

For example , the F-22 , PAC-3 , and ATIRCMS/CMWS programs had less than one-third of their engineering drawings completed at their critical design review , but each obtained the funding necessary to move onto the initial manufacturing of production representative prototypes .
for example , the f-22 , pac-3 , and atircms/cmws programs had less than one-third of their engineering drawings completed at their critical design review , but each [got] the funding necessary to move onto the initial manufacturing of production representative prototypes .

Additional copies of this exposure draft can be obtained from the U.S. General Accounting Office , Room 1100 , 700 4th Street , NW , Washington , DC 20548 or by calling ( 202 ) 512-6000 .
additional copies of this exposure draft can be [got] from the u.s. general accounting office , room 1100 , 700 4th street , nw , washington , dc 20548 or by calling ( 202 ) 512-6000 .

Adherence to GAGAS can help ensure that audits and attestation engagements provide credibility to the information reported by or obtained from management through objectively acquiring and evaluating evidence .
adherence to gagas can help ensure that audits and attestation engagements provide credibility to the information reported by or [got] from management through objectively acquiring and evaluating evidence .

A sufficient understanding of internal control is to be obtained to plan the audit and to determine the nature , timing , and extent of tests to be performed .
a sufficient understanding of internal control is to be [got] to plan the audit and to determine the nature , timing , and extent of tests to be performed .

Sufficient evidence shall be obtained to provide a reasonable basis for the conclusion that is expressed in the report .
sufficient evidence shall be [got] to provide a reasonable basis for the conclusion that is expressed in the report .

In these audits , use of comparable audit methods and procedures can help make the data obtained from participating locations comparable .
in these audits , use of comparable audit methods and procedures can help make the data [got] from participating locations comparable .

EVIDENCE 7.41 The third field work standard for performance audits is : Sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence is to be obtained to afford a reasonable basis for the auditors ' findings and conclusions .
evidence 7.41 the third field work standard for performance audits is : sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence is to be [got] to afford a reasonable basis for the auditors ' findings and conclusions .

In evaluating evidence , auditors consider whether they have obtained the evidence necessary to achieve specific audit objectives .
in evaluating evidence , auditors consider whether they have [got] the evidence necessary to achieve specific audit objectives .

Physical evidence is obtained by auditors ' direct inspection or observation of people , property , or events .
physical evidence is [got] by auditors ' direct inspection or observation of people , property , or events .

Testimonial evidence is obtained through inquiries , interviews , or questionnaires .
testimonial evidence is [got] through inquiries , interviews , or questionnaires .

Evidence obtained when internal controls are effective is more competent than evidence obtained when controls are weak or nonexistent .
evidence [got] when internal controls are effective is more competent than evidence [got] when controls are weak or nonexistent .

Evidence obtained through the auditors ' direct physical examination , observation , computation , and inspection is more competent than evidence obtained indirectly .
evidence [got] through the auditors ' direct physical examination , observation , computation , and inspection is more competent than evidence [got] indirectly .

Data from any of these sources may be obtained from computer-based systems .
data from any of these sources may be [got] from computer-based systems .

We obtained information primarily through interviews with senior security managers and document analysis conducted during and after visits to the organizations we studied .
we [got] information primarily through interviews with senior security managers and document analysis conducted during and after visits to the organizations we studied .

We supplemented these findings , to a very limited extent , with information obtained from others .
we supplemented these findings , to a very limited extent , with information [got] from others .

Instead , they rely on their general knowledge of threats and vulnerabilities obtained from national incident response centers , professional associations and literature , and their own experience .
instead , they rely on their general knowledge of threats and vulnerabilities [got] from national incident response centers , professional associations and literature , and their own experience .

This reduction was obtained through more accurate burden estimates and the elimination of certain requirements including time and temperature reports and personnel resumes of establishment employees .
this reduction was [got] through more accurate burden estimates and the elimination of certain requirements including time and temperature reports and personnel resumes of establishment employees .

To identify challenges associated with successful information sharing , we obtained the views of officials and members of each organization and reviewed supporting documentation , when it was available .
to identify challenges associated with successful information sharing , we [got] the views of officials and members of each organization and reviewed supporting documentation , when it was available .

The information collection requirements of the rule will not be effective until OMB approval is obtained .
the information collection requirements of the rule will not be effective until omb approval is [got] .

Although GPEA focuses on electronic systems regarding information obtained from and provided to sources outside the government , it provides an additional impetus to agencies to seek further applications of paperless systems and use of electronic signatures .
although gpea focuses on electronic systems regarding information [got] from and provided to sources outside the government , it provides an additional impetus to agencies to seek further applications of paperless systems and use of electronic signatures .

The T & A information can be obtained using a number of different methods , including but not limited to preprinted or designed T & A forms ; other standard forms ; internal memorandums ; emails ; employee , timekeeper , or supervisor notations ( for example , that might result from phone conversations ) ; or other formats so long as the documents are controlled and retained as the official T & A record of employees .
the t & a information can be [got] using a number of different methods , including but not limited to preprinted or designed t & a forms ; other standard forms ; internal memorandums ; emails ; employee , timekeeper , or supervisor notations ( for example , that might result from phone conversations ) ; or other formats so long as the documents are controlled and retained as the official t & a record of employees .

Each of these documents could then be obtained from the DOT docket management system .
each of these documents could then be [got] from the dot docket management system .

The information collection requirements will not be effective until OMB approval is obtained .
the information collection requirements will not be effective until omb approval is [got] .

The information collections in the rule will not become effective until OMB approval is obtained and an OMB control number has been issued .
the information collections in the rule will not become effective until omb approval is [got] and an omb control number has been issued .

Supplemental information was obtained through interviews with various public agencies , private sector facility owners , trade and professional organizations , and A/E firms in order to characterize the current state of the art from a broader perspective .
supplemental information was [got] through interviews with various public agencies , private sector facility owners , trade and professional organizations , and a/e firms in order to characterize the current state of the art from a broader perspective .

Determine if the agency obtained field pricingsupport in accordance with FAR 15.805-5 .
determine if the agency [got] field pricingsupport in accordance with far 15.805-5 .

Was a preaward audit of the cost proposal obtained and used during negotiations ?
was a preaward audit of the cost proposal [got] and used during negotiations ?

When agency officials need to be contacted for information that was not previously obtained or was not part of a previous review , GAO will notify the agency-designated central liaison , generally by telephone or e-mail message .
when agency officials need to be contacted for information that was not previously [got] or was not part of a previous review , gao will notify the agency-designated central liaison , generally by telephone or e-mail message .

The agency 's views are generally obtained through a meeting with the official designated to speak for the agency or through other means , such as a telephone conference call .
the agency 's views are generally [got] through a meeting with the official designated to speak for the agency or through other means , such as a telephone conference call .

GAO secures all information obtained during the course of its work .
gao secures all information [got] during the course of its work .

The portion of the rule containing the above collection requirements will not become effective until OMB approval is obtained .
the portion of the rule containing the above collection requirements will not become effective until omb approval is [got] .

In addition , some employees who now travel on free tickets obtained with frequent flyer miles might no longer be able to travel when funds for air travel were not available or were in short supply .
in addition , some employees who now travel on free tickets [got] with frequent flyer miles might no longer be able to travel when funds for air travel were not available or were in short supply .

Promotional items include only those obtained under the same terms as those offered to the general public and at no additional cost to the government .
promotional items include only those [got] under the same terms as those offered to the general public and at no additional cost to the government .

Promotional items include only those obtained under the same terms as those offered to the general public and at no additional cost to the government .
promotional items include only those [got] under the same terms as those offered to the general public and at no additional cost to the government .

The third key element , `` obtained by extensive description and analysis , '' has three components .
the third key element , `` [got] by extensive description and analysis , '' has three components .

Wedeveloped a set of standard income tax questions about which citizens typically would call IRS , obtained IRS agreement on the correct answers to these questions , and then , on a probabilistic sampling basis , called IRS offices around the country to seek help .
wedeveloped a set of standard income tax questions about which citizens typically would call irs , [got] irs agreement on the correct answers to these questions , and then , on a probabilistic sampling basis , called irs offices around the country to seek help .

In fact , a case study where the only people interviewed were senior officials would be seen as a not-good case study , in contrast to one where the views of individuals at all levels affected was obtained .
in fact , a case study where the only people interviewed were senior officials would be seen as a not-good case study , in contrast to one where the views of individuals at all levels affected was [got] .

The case study is a method of learning about a complex instance , based on a comprehensive understanding of that instance obtained by extensive description and analysis of the instance taken as a whole and in its context .
the case study is a method of learning about a complex instance , based on a comprehensive understanding of that instance [got] by extensive description and analysis of the instance taken as a whole and in its context .

Case Study A method for learning about a complex instance , based on a comprehensive understanding of that instance , obtained by extensive description and analysis of the instance , taken as a whole and in its context .
case study a method for learning about a complex instance , based on a comprehensive understanding of that instance , [got] by extensive description and analysis of the instance , taken as a whole and in its context .

Open-Ended Interview An interview in which , after an initial or lead question , subsequent questions are determined by topics brought up by the person being interviewed ; the concerns discussed , their sequence , and specific information obtained are not predetermined and the discussion is unconstrained , able to move in unexpected directions .
open-ended interview an interview in which , after an initial or lead question , subsequent questions are determined by topics brought up by the person being interviewed ; the concerns discussed , their sequence , and specific information [got] are not predetermined and the discussion is unconstrained , able to move in unexpected directions .

For information about the stock of wealth accumulated by households , we obtained net worth data from the FFAs ' balance sheet aggregated for the household sector .
for information about the stock of wealth accumulated by households , we [got] net worth data from the ffas ' balance sheet aggregated for the household sector .

We conducted site visits to each participating organization and obtained supporting documentation , illustrations , and examples .
we conducted site visits to each participating organization and [got] supporting documentation , illustrations , and examples .

Based on the documentation and interviews obtained from our site visits , we compared practices across organizations to identify innovative practices used by individual organizations as well as common practices used across the variety of organizations participating in our study .
based on the documentation and interviews [got] from our site visits , we compared practices across organizations to identify innovative practices used by individual organizations as well as common practices used across the variety of organizations participating in our study .

Fund recipients are barred from bringing class-action suits unless express approval is obtained from LSC .
fund recipients are barred from bringing class-action suits unless express approval is [got] from lsc .

We developed technical assistance funds for creative planning projects and obtained a $ 15.6 million commitment from Congress to underwrite sophisticated hardware , Web-based and telephonic systems to expand services for clients .
we developed technical assistance funds for creative planning projects and [got] a $ 15.6 million commitment from congress to underwrite sophisticated hardware , web-based and telephonic systems to expand services for clients .

PURPOSE The purpose of this document is to inform LSC recipients and other interested parties of the procedure for providing LSC access to records in a manner consistent with the attorney-client privilege and applicable rules of professional responsibility and the mechanism to resolve issues of how such access can be obtained .
purpose the purpose of this document is to inform lsc recipients and other interested parties of the procedure for providing lsc access to records in a manner consistent with the attorney-client privilege and applicable rules of professional responsibility and the mechanism to resolve issues of how such access can be [got] .

During 2002 , OIM obtained the 2000 Census figures , at state and county levels , and devoted substantial time to calculating poverty population for each of our grantees ' service areas under these new figures .
during 2002 , oim [got] the 2000 census figures , at state and county levels , and devoted substantial time to calculating poverty population for each of our grantees ' service areas under these new figures .

In addition , we outline some changes that the LSC `` Results Group '' ( a working group of senior LSC professionals plus Ken Smith , an outside consultant , that designed , tested , and is currently evaluating and refining a system for reporting matters services ) is considering for improving the reliability of the data obtained for 2002 and 2003 .
in addition , we outline some changes that the lsc `` results group '' ( a working group of senior lsc professionals plus ken smith , an outside consultant , that designed , tested , and is currently evaluating and refining a system for reporting matters services ) is considering for improving the reliability of the data [got] for 2002 and 2003 .

Suitable trout chow , Artemia , and other foods must be obtained as described in this manual .
suitable trout chow , artemia , and other foods must be [got] as described in this manual .

Standard reference materials can be obtained from commercial supply houses , or can be prepared inhouse using reagent grade chemicals .
standard reference materials can be [got] from commercial supply houses , or can be prepared inhouse using reagent grade chemicals .

Deionized water may be obtained from MILLIPORE® , Milli-Q® , MILLIPORE QPAKTM2 or equivalent system .
deionized water may be [got] from millipore® , milli-q® , millipore qpaktm2 or equivalent system .

If it is not feasible to maintain cultures in-house , test organisms can be obtained from commercial sources , and should be shipped to the laboratory in well oxygenated water in insulated containers to minimize excursions in water temperature during shipment .
if it is not feasible to maintain cultures in-house , test organisms can be [got] from commercial sources , and should be shipped to the laboratory in well oxygenated water in insulated containers to minimize excursions in water temperature during shipment .

Dried , powdered , alfalfa leaves obtained from health food stores have been found to be a satisfactory substitute for cereal leaves .
dried , powdered , alfalfa leaves [got] from health food stores have been found to be a satisfactory substitute for cereal leaves .

Test organisms obtained from the wild must be observed in the laboratory for a minimum of one week prior to use , to assure that they are free of signs of parasitic or bacterial infections and other adverse effects .
test organisms [got] from the wild must be observed in the laboratory for a minimum of one week prior to use , to assure that they are free of signs of parasitic or bacterial infections and other adverse effects .

Some species of test organisms , such as trout , can be obtained from stocks certified as `` disease-free . ''
some species of test organisms , such as trout , can be [got] from stocks certified as `` disease-free . ''

If the organisms fail to meet these criteria , the entire group must be discarded and a new group obtained .
if the organisms fail to meet these criteria , the entire group must be discarded and a new group [got] .

Artemia cysts and other foods must be obtained as described in Section 5 , Facilities , Equipment , and Supplies .
artemia cysts and other foods must be [got] as described in section 5 , facilities , equipment , and supplies .

Standard reference materials can be obtained from commercial supply houses , or can be prepared inhouse using reagent grade chemicals .
standard reference materials can be [got] from commercial supply houses , or can be prepared inhouse using reagent grade chemicals .

Deionized water may be obtained from MILLIPORE® , MILLI-Q® , MILLIPORE® QPAK™2 or equivalent system .
deionized water may be [got] from millipore® , milli-q® , millipore® qpak™2 or equivalent system .

Test organisms obtained from the wild must be observed in the laboratory for a minimum of one week prior to use , to ensure that they are free of signs of parasitic or bacterial infections and other adverse effects .
test organisms [got] from the wild must be observed in the laboratory for a minimum of one week prior to use , to ensure that they are free of signs of parasitic or bacterial infections and other adverse effects .

Some species of test organisms , such as trout , can be obtained from stocks certified as `` disease-free . ''
some species of test organisms , such as trout , can be [got] from stocks certified as `` disease-free . ''

If the organisms fail to meet these criteria , the entire group must be discarded and a new group obtained .
if the organisms fail to meet these criteria , the entire group must be discarded and a new group [got] .

Where a variance in holding time ( > 36 h , but # 72 h ) is requested by a permittee ( See Subsection 8.5.4 ) , information on the effects of the extension in holding time on the toxicity of the samples must be obtained by comparing the results of multi-concentration chronic toxicity tests performed on effluent samples held 36 h with toxicity test results using the same samples after they were held for the requested , longer period .
where a variance in holding time ( > 36 h , but # 72 h ) is requested by a permittee ( see subsection 8.5.4 ) , information on the effects of the extension in holding time on the toxicity of the samples must be [got] by comparing the results of multi-concentration chronic toxicity tests performed on effluent samples held 36 h with toxicity test results using the same samples after they were held for the requested , longer period .

The concentration ( mg/L ) of unionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and pH , and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from Table 5 , under the appropriate pH and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/L ) of total ammonia in the sample .
the concentration ( mg/l ) of unionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and ph , and is calculated using the percentage value [got] from table 5 , under the appropriate ph and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/l ) of total ammonia in the sample .

In this case , estimates obtained from a statistical analysis are indeed estimates of a `` no-effect '' concentration .
in this case , estimates [got] from a statistical analysis are indeed estimates of a `` no-effect '' concentration .

Growth is defined as the change in dry weight of the orginal number of test organisms when group weights are obtained .
growth is defined as the change in dry weight of the orginal number of test organisms when group weights are [got] .

If the normality assumption is not met , and at least two partial mortalities are not obtained , Probit Analysis should not be used .
if the normality assumption is not met , and at least two partial mortalities are not [got] , probit analysis should not be used .

Where a variance in holding time ( > 36 h , but # 72 h ) is requested by a permittee , ( see Subsection 8.5.4 above ) , information on the effects of the extension in holding time on the toxicity of samples must be obtained by comparing the results of multi-concentration chronic toxicity tests performed on effluent samples held 36 h with toxicity test results using the same samples after they were held for the requested , longer period .
where a variance in holding time ( > 36 h , but # 72 h ) is requested by a permittee , ( see subsection 8.5.4 above ) , information on the effects of the extension in holding time on the toxicity of samples must be [got] by comparing the results of multi-concentration chronic toxicity tests performed on effluent samples held 36 h with toxicity test results using the same samples after they were held for the requested , longer period .

The concentration ( mg/L ) of un-ionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and pH , and is calculated using the percentage value obtained from Table 5 , under the appropriate pH and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/L ) of total ammonia in the sample .
the concentration ( mg/l ) of un-ionized ( free ) ammonia in a sample is a function of temperature and ph , and is calculated using the percentage value [got] from table 5 , under the appropriate ph and temperature , and multiplying it by the concentration ( mg/l ) of total ammonia in the sample .

In this case , estimates obtained from a statistical analysis are indeed estimates of a `` no-effect '' concentration .
in this case , estimates [got] from a statistical analysis are indeed estimates of a `` no-effect '' concentration .

Growth is defined as the dry weight per original number of test organisms when group weights are obtained .
growth is defined as the dry weight per original number of test organisms when group weights are [got] .

If the normality assumption is not met , and at least two partial mortalities are not obtained , Probit Analysis should not be used .
if the normality assumption is not met , and at least two partial mortalities are not [got] , probit analysis should not be used .

By lengthening the tests to include one or more complete life cycles and observing the more subtle effects of the toxicants , such as a reduction in growth and reproduction , more accurate , direct , estimates of the threshold or safe concentration of the toxicant could be obtained .
by lengthening the tests to include one or more complete life cycles and observing the more subtle effects of the toxicants , such as a reduction in growth and reproduction , more accurate , direct , estimates of the threshold or safe concentration of the toxicant could be [got] .

Artemia cysts , and other foods must be obtained as described in Section 5 , Facilities , Equipment , and Supplies .
artemia cysts , and other foods must be [got] as described in section 5 , facilities , equipment , and supplies .

Standard reference materials can be obtained from commercial supply houses , or can be prepared inhouse using reagent grade chemicals .
standard reference materials can be [got] from commercial supply houses , or can be prepared inhouse using reagent grade chemicals .

Deionized water may be obtained from MILLIPORE® Milli-Q® , MILLIPORE® QPAK™2 or equivalent system .
deionized water may be [got] from millipore® milli-q® , millipore® qpak™2 or equivalent system .

Test organisms obtained from the wild must be observed in the laboratory for a minimum of one week prior to use , to assure that they are free of signs of parasitic or bacterial infections and other adverse effects .
test organisms [got] from the wild must be observed in the laboratory for a minimum of one week prior to use , to assure that they are free of signs of parasitic or bacterial infections and other adverse effects .

Some species of test organisms can be obtained from commercial stock certified as `` disease-free '' .
some species of test organisms can be [got] from commercial stock certified as `` disease-free '' .

If the organisms fail to meet these criteria , the entire group must be discarded and a new group obtained .
if the organisms fail to meet these criteria , the entire group must be discarded and a new group [got] .

In some States , an interim air-operating permit may need to be obtained until the Title V permit is modified .
in some states , an interim air-operating permit may need to be [got] until the title v permit is modified .

For example , construction activities can not commence until a construction permit is obtained .
for example , construction activities can not commence until a construction permit is [got] .

In some states , an interim air-operating permit may need to be obtained until the Title V permit is modified .
in some states , an interim air-operating permit may need to be [got] until the title v permit is modified .

For example , construction activities can not commence until a construction permit is obtained .
for example , construction activities can not commence until a construction permit is [got] .

In some states , an interim air-operating permit may need to be obtained until the Title V permit is modified .
in some states , an interim air-operating permit may need to be [got] until the title v permit is modified .

REMSAD Version 6.40 includes improvements that address comments EPA obtained during the 1999 peer review of REMSAD Version 4.1 ( Seigneur et al. , 1999 ) , including improved treatment of ammonium/nitrate/sulfate equilibrium , inclusion of additional aqueous sulfate formation pathways , and expanded treatment of mercury chemistry ( ICF Consulting , 2001 ) .
remsad version 6.40 includes improvements that address comments epa [got] during the 1999 peer review of remsad version 4.1 ( seigneur et al. , 1999 ) , including improved treatment of ammonium/nitrate/sulfate equilibrium , inclusion of additional aqueous sulfate formation pathways , and expanded treatment of mercury chemistry ( icf consulting , 2001 ) .

These model predictions are used in conjunction with the observed concentrations obtained from the Aerometric 6 The Ozone Transport Assessment Group ( OTAG ) consists of the 37 easternmost states and the District of Columbia .
these model predictions are used in conjunction with the observed concentrations [got] from the aerometric 6 the ozone transport assessment group ( otag ) consists of the 37 easternmost states and the district of columbia .

Following the approach of the Section 812 Prospective Report , we estimated the percentage change in the prevalence rate for chronic bronchitis using the estimated coefficient from Schwartz 's study in a C-R function , and then applied this percentage change to a baseline incidence rate obtained from another source .
following the approach of the section 812 prospective report , we estimated the percentage change in the prevalence rate for chronic bronchitis using the estimated coefficient from schwartz 's study in a c-r function , and then applied this percentage change to a baseline incidence rate [got] from another source .

We have obtained the actual percentages of mail processing costs and delivery costs relative to total costs for seven posts with which we compare the predicted percentages .
we have [got] the actual percentages of mail processing costs and delivery costs relative to total costs for seven posts with which we compare the predicted percentages .

This is contrary to results obtained when using the net avoided cost or entry pricing measures of the cost of the USO .
this is contrary to results [got] when using the net avoided cost or entry pricing measures of the cost of the uso .

Line 2-rural delivery cost per box per day consists of ( 1 ) labor cost , ( 2 ) vehicle cost , and ( 3 ) indirect costs.25 Labor cost per box is obtained by multiplying labor cost per minute ( from Section 2.1 ) by the average number of minutes per box ( from table 4 ) .
line 2-rural delivery cost per box per day consists of ( 1 ) labor cost , ( 2 ) vehicle cost , and ( 3 ) indirect costs.25 labor cost per box is [got] by multiplying labor cost per minute ( from section 2.1 ) by the average number of minutes per box ( from table 4 ) .

APPENDIX : Delivery Data France The delivery data for La Poste are obtained for each delivery area .
appendix : delivery data france the delivery data for la poste are [got] for each delivery area .

They are obtained the following way : The information system allows the description of each area with geographic characteristics ( population , number of stops , number of delivery points , surface , length of streets or roads ) and traffic .
they are [got] the following way : the information system allows the description of each area with geographic characteristics ( population , number of stops , number of delivery points , surface , length of streets or roads ) and traffic .

They are re-aggregated into increments of five percent of traffic : the first five percent of traffic delivered is reached with 23 areas , and the last five percent of traffic is obtained with 900 areas .
they are re-aggregated into increments of five percent of traffic : the first five percent of traffic delivered is reached with 23 areas , and the last five percent of traffic is [got] with 900 areas .

Further analysis is needed of the benefits of the current system relative to the benefits of an alternative system , and of whether some of the benefits of an alternative system can be obtained by making adjustments to the current system .
further analysis is needed of the benefits of the current system relative to the benefits of an alternative system , and of whether some of the benefits of an alternative system can be [got] by making adjustments to the current system .

By merging the STF 3B file with CCS data , we have obtained economic and demographic data for the ZIP Codes in which 12,876 residential routes reside .
by merging the stf 3b file with ccs data , we have [got] economic and demographic data for the zip codes in which 12,876 residential routes reside .

The volume of letters sent by households or household originated mail can be obtained from Table 1 by adding the volumes of HH-to-HH and HH-to-NHH mail .
the volume of letters sent by households or household originated mail can be [got] from table 1 by adding the volumes of hh-to-hh and hh-to-nhh mail .

It is doubtful that using adjusted costs would change the nature of the results obtained .
it is doubtful that using adjusted costs would change the nature of the results [got] .

This , however , is circular and , although convergence was sometimes obtained after a number of iterations , the procedure was found , for the most part , to be unworkable and sometimes unstable .
this , however , is circular and , although convergence was sometimes [got] after a number of iterations , the procedure was found , for the most part , to be unworkable and sometimes unstable .

After the pair cleared Immigration and Customs at Los Angeles International Airport , we do not know where they went.8They appear to have obtained assistance from the Muslim community , specifically the community surrounding the King Fahd mosque in Culver City , one of the most prominent mosques in Southern California .
after the pair cleared immigration and customs at los angeles international airport , we do not know where they went.8they appear to have [got] assistance from the muslim community , specifically the community surrounding the king fahd mosque in culver city , one of the most prominent mosques in southern california .

In the meantime , Jarrah obtained a single-engine private pilot certificate in early August .
in the meantime , jarrah [got] a single-engine private pilot certificate in early august .

He obtained a U.S. student visa on September 25 and told his family he was returning to his job in the UAE .
he [got] a u.s. student visa on september 25 and told his family he was returning to his job in the uae .

The majority of the Saudi muscle hijackers obtained U.S. visas in Jeddah or Riyadh between September and November of 2000 .
the majority of the saudi muscle hijackers [got] u.s. visas in jeddah or riyadh between september and november of 2000 .

Fourteen of the 19 hijackers , including nine Saudi muscle hijackers , obtained new passports .
fourteen of the 19 hijackers , including nine saudi muscle hijackers , [got] new passports .

In mid-November , we believe , three of the future muscle hijackers , Wail al Shehri , Waleed al Shehri , and Ahmed al Nami , all of whom had obtained their U.S. visas in late October , traveled in a group from Saudi Arabia to Beirut and then onward to Iran .
in mid-november , we believe , three of the future muscle hijackers , wail al shehri , waleed al shehri , and ahmed al nami , all of whom had [got] their u.s. visas in late october , traveled in a group from saudi arabia to beirut and then onward to iran .

Several also obtained new photo identification , first in New Jersey and then at the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles , where Hazmi and Hanjour had obtained such documents months earlier , likely with help from their Jordanian friend , Rababah .
several also [got] new photo identification , first in new jersey and then at the virginia department of motor vehicles , where hazmi and hanjour had [got] such documents months earlier , likely with help from their jordanian friend , rababah .

As directed , upon returning from Spain , Binalshibh obtained two new phones , one to communicate with Atta and another to communicate with KSM and others , such as Zacarias Moussaoui .
as directed , upon returning from spain , binalshibh [got] two new phones , one to communicate with atta and another to communicate with ksm and others , such as zacarias moussaoui .

He and two travel companions obtained Pakistani visas in Sharjah , UAE , and traveled to Islamabad , where al Qaeda facilitator Hassan Ghul took them to a guesthouse managed by Abu Zubaydah .
he and two travel companions [got] pakistani visas in sharjah , uae , and traveled to islamabad , where al qaeda facilitator hassan ghul took them to a guesthouse managed by abu zubaydah .

Moreover , she said that she could have gone to the NSA and obtained a waiver of any such caveat because there was no FISA information involved in this case .
moreover , she said that she could have gone to the nsa and [got] a waiver of any such caveat because there was no fisa information involved in this case .

As the FBI agent observed in his email , Part A of the 1995 procedures applied only to information obtained pursuant to a FISA warrant .
as the fbi agent observed in his email , part a of the 1995 procedures applied only to information [got] pursuant to a fisa warrant .

These transactions could have helped locate them if the FBI had obtained the bank records in time .
these transactions could have helped locate them if the fbi had [got] the bank records in time .

Therefore , approval from the Minneapolis U.S. Attorney 's Office was required before a criminal search warrant could be obtained .
therefore , approval from the minneapolis u.s. attorney 's office was required before a criminal search warrant could be [got] .

A wealth of information on al Qaeda 's evolution and history has been obtained from materials seized in recent years , including files labeled `` Tareekh Usama '' ( Usama 's history ) and `` Tareekh al Musadat '' ( History of the Services Bureau ) .
a wealth of information on al qaeda 's evolution and history has been [got] from materials seized in recent years , including files labeled `` tareekh usama '' ( usama 's history ) and `` tareekh al musadat '' ( history of the services bureau ) .

Ali Mohamed , who was on the list , obtained a copy and faxed it to a close Bin Ladin aide for distribution .
ali mohamed , who was on the list , [got] a copy and faxed it to a close bin ladin aide for distribution .

In November 2000 , in response to direction from the FISA Court , NSA modified these caveats to require that consent for sharing the information with prosecutors or criminal agents be obtained from NSA 's Customer Needs and Delivery Services group .
in november 2000 , in response to direction from the fisa court , nsa modified these caveats to require that consent for sharing the information with prosecutors or criminal agents be [got] from nsa 's customer needs and delivery services group .

The U.S. Attorney obtained an indictment against KSM in January 1996 , but an official in the government of Qatar probably warned him about it .
the u.s. attorney [got] an indictment against ksm in january 1996 , but an official in the government of qatar probably warned him about it .

While it was distinctly a CIA entity , the FBI detailed officials to work at the Center and obtained leads that helped in the capture of persons wanted for trial in the United States .
while it was distinctly a cia entity , the fbi detailed officials to work at the center and [got] leads that helped in the capture of persons wanted for trial in the united states .

Fraudulent documents could be easily obtained .
fraudulent documents could be easily [got] .

The United States never obtained this access .
the united states never [got] this access .

Participants noted that while the FBI had been given additional resources for such efforts , both it and the CIA were having problems exploiting leads by tracing U.S. telephone numbers and translating documents obtained in cell disruptions abroad .
participants noted that while the fbi had been given additional resources for such efforts , both it and the cia were having problems exploiting leads by tracing u.s. telephone numbers and translating documents [got] in cell disruptions abroad .

According to [ - ] the IG in October obtained SA-7 missiles and intended to move them from Yemen into Saudi Arabia to shoot down an Egyptian plane or , if unsuccessful , a US military or civilian aircraft .
according to [ - ] the ig in october [got] sa-7 missiles and intended to move them from yemen into saudi arabia to shoot down an egyptian plane or , if unsuccessful , a us military or civilian aircraft .

The FBI agent obtained from a foreign government a photo of the person believed to have directed the Cole bombing .
the fbi agent [got] from a foreign government a photo of the person believed to have directed the cole bombing .

In response to a request about the counterterrorism benefits of the 9/11 detainee program , the Justice Department cited six individuals on the special interest detainee list , noting that two ( including Moussaoui ) were linked directly to a terrorist organization and that it had obtained new leads helpful to the investigation of the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
in response to a request about the counterterrorism benefits of the 9/11 detainee program , the justice department cited six individuals on the special interest detainee list , noting that two ( including moussaoui ) were linked directly to a terrorist organization and that it had [got] new leads helpful to the investigation of the 9/11 terrorist attacks .

We therefore propose that when a report is first created , its data be separated from the sources and methods by which they are obtained .
we therefore propose that when a report is first created , its data be separated from the sources and methods by which they are [got] .

They obtained a CD-ROM of this encyclopedia from Deek .
they [got] a cd-rom of this encyclopedia from deek .

Ressam eventually obtained a genuine Canadian passport through a document vendor who stole a blank baptismal certificate from a Catholic church .
ressam eventually [got] a genuine canadian passport through a document vendor who stole a blank baptismal certificate from a catholic church .

At the Immigration and Naturalization Service ( INS ) preinspection station in Victoria , Ressam presented officials with his genuine but fraudulently obtained Canadian passport , from which he had torn the Afghanistan entry and exit stamps .
at the immigration and naturalization service ( ins ) preinspection station in victoria , ressam presented officials with his genuine but fraudulently [got] canadian passport , from which he had torn the afghanistan entry and exit stamps .

They did not learn about the Los Angeles airport planning until they reexamined evidence seized in Montreal in 2000 ; they obtained further details when Ressam began cooperating in May 2001 .
they did not learn about the los angeles airport planning until they reexamined evidence seized in montreal in 2000 ; they [got] further details when ressam began cooperating in may 2001 .

In the end , Tenet obtained a modest supplemental appropriation , which funded counterterrorism without requiring much reprogramming of baseline funds .
in the end , tenet [got] a modest supplemental appropriation , which funded counterterrorism without requiring much reprogramming of baseline funds .

Nevertheless , the CIA obtained a general understanding of how al Qaeda raised money .
nevertheless , the cia [got] a general understanding of how al qaeda raised money .

Because the attack was the subject of a criminal investigation , they told us , the term preliminary was used to avoid locking the government in with statements that might later be obtained by defense lawyers in a future court case .
because the attack was the subject of a criminal investigation , they told us , the term preliminary was used to avoid locking the government in with statements that might later be [got] by defense lawyers in a future court case .

Frustrated in their search for a decent living , unable to benefit from an education often obtained at the cost of great family sacrifice , and blocked from starting families of their own , some of these young men were easy targets for radicalization .
frustrated in their search for a decent living , unable to benefit from an education often [got] at the cost of great family sacrifice , and blocked from starting families of their own , some of these young men were easy targets for radicalization .

The technical surveillance and communications equipment employed for these casing missions included state-of-the-art video cameras obtained from China and from dealers in Germany .
the technical surveillance and communications equipment employed for these casing missions included state-of-the-art video cameras [got] from china and from dealers in germany .

During the al Matar meetings , Bin Ladin told KSM that Mihdhar and Hazmi were so eager to participate in an operation against the United States that they had already obtained U.S. visas .
during the al matar meetings , bin ladin told ksm that mihdhar and hazmi were so eager to participate in an operation against the united states that they had already [got] u.s. visas .

With Hambali 's help , the three obtained tickets for a flight to Bangkok and left Kuala Lumpur together .
with hambali 's help , the three [got] tickets for a flight to bangkok and left kuala lumpur together .

Before seeking visas to enter the United States , Atta , Shehhi , and Jarrah obtained new passports , each claiming that his old passport had been lost .
before seeking visas to enter the united states , atta , shehhi , and jarrah [got] new passports , each claiming that his old passport had been lost .

Shehhi obtained his visa on January 18 , 2000 ; Atta , on May 18 ; and Jarrah , on May 25 .
shehhi [got] his visa on january 18 , 2000 ; atta , on may 18 ; and jarrah , on may 25 .

Hazmi obtained a B-1/B-2 multiple-entry visa issued at Jiddah , Saudi Arabia , on April 3 , 1999 ; Mihdhar obtained the same type of visa at the same location on April 7 , 1999 .
hazmi [got] a b-1/b-2 multiple-entry visa issued at jiddah , saudi arabia , on april 3 , 1999 ; mihdhar [got] the same type of visa at the same location on april 7 , 1999 .

Hazmi and Mihdhar both obtained new passports shortly before they applied for visas .
hazmi and mihdhar both [got] new passports shortly before they applied for visas .

In addition , Atta obtained a new passport in June 1998 , even though his current one was still valid for nearly a year , a sign that he may have been following the al Qaeda practice of concealing travel to Pakistan .
in addition , atta [got] a new passport in june 1998 , even though his current one was still valid for nearly a year , a sign that he may have been following the al qaeda practice of concealing travel to pakistan .

Bazarah obtained a visa application and moved to Los Angeles , but Binalshibh 's application was denied .
bazarah [got] a visa application and moved to los angeles , but binalshibh 's application was denied .

He said he obtained two genuine Canadian passports for Ressam by submitting fake baptismal certificates to Canadian authorities .
he said he [got] two genuine canadian passports for ressam by submitting fake baptismal certificates to canadian authorities .

Presumably the departure information was obtained back in January , on the days that these individuals made their departures .
presumably the departure information was [got] back in january , on the days that these individuals made their departures .

It is a marking that can be obtained by especially devout Muslims .
it is a marking that can be [got] by especially devout muslims .

Like Atta , Shehhi , and Jarrah , Essabar obtained a new passport even though his old one was nearly a year from expiration , evidently to conceal his prior travel to Afghanistan during the first half of 2000 .
like atta , shehhi , and jarrah , essabar [got] a new passport even though his old one was nearly a year from expiration , evidently to conceal his prior travel to afghanistan during the first half of 2000 .

Somewhere in his travels , Moussaoui obtained the funds he would bring to the United States .
somewhere in his travels , moussaoui [got] the funds he would bring to the united states .

Rayed Abdullah trained at Arizona Aviation and obtained a private pilot 's license in December 1998 .
rayed abdullah trained at arizona aviation and [got] a private pilot 's license in december 1998 .

Dates of U.S. visas obtained in 2000 : Ahmed al Ghamdi ( September 3 ) , Saeed al Ghamdi ( September 4 ) , Hamza al Ghamdi ( October 17 ) , Mohand al Shehri ( October 23 ) , Wail and Waleed al Shehri ( October 24 ) , Ahmed al Nami ( October 28 ) , Ahmad al Haznawi ( November 12 ) , Majed Moqed ( November 20 ) , and Satam al Suqami ( November 21 ) .
dates of u.s. visas [got] in 2000 : ahmed al ghamdi ( september 3 ) , saeed al ghamdi ( september 4 ) , hamza al ghamdi ( october 17 ) , mohand al shehri ( october 23 ) , wail and waleed al shehri ( october 24 ) , ahmed al nami ( october 28 ) , ahmad al haznawi ( november 12 ) , majed moqed ( november 20 ) , and satam al suqami ( november 21 ) .

Five Saudi muscle hijackers obtained visas in 2001 : Ahmed al Nami ( April 23 ) , Saeed al Ghamdi ( June 12 ) , Khalid al Mihdhar ( June 13 ) , Abdul Aziz Omari ( June 18 ) and Salem al Hazmi ( June 20 ) .
five saudi muscle hijackers [got] visas in 2001 : ahmed al nami ( april 23 ) , saeed al ghamdi ( june 12 ) , khalid al mihdhar ( june 13 ) , abdul aziz omari ( june 18 ) and salem al hazmi ( june 20 ) .

Banihammad , the only non-Saudi muscle hijacker , also obtained his visa much later than most of the Saudi muscle hijackers , on June 18 , 2001 .
banihammad , the only non-saudi muscle hijacker , also [got] his visa much later than most of the saudi muscle hijackers , on june 18 , 2001 .

According to KSM , the three hijackers who obtained their first visas much later than the others were not replacements for unsuccessful candidates .
according to ksm , the three hijackers who [got] their first visas much later than the others were not replacements for unsuccessful candidates .

Moreover , it is unlikely that the highly regarded and experienced pilot and co-pilot of Flight 93 would have allowed an observer into the cockpit before or after takeoff who had not obtained the proper permission .
moreover , it is unlikely that the highly regarded and experienced pilot and co-pilot of flight 93 would have allowed an observer into the cockpit before or after takeoff who had not [got] the proper permission .

Other evidence we obtained confirmed the importance of letting experienced gate agents or security screeners ask questions and use their judgment .
other evidence we [got] confirmed the importance of letting experienced gate agents or security screeners ask questions and use their judgment .

The Vice President was logged calling the President at 10:18 for a twominute conversation that obtained the confirmation .
the vice president was logged calling the president at 10:18 for a twominute conversation that [got] the confirmation .

Data obtained by appealing to altrusitic instincts , similar to money in public charities , are not proprietary information , nor can physicians cash out the trust of their patients .
data [got] by appealing to altrusitic instincts , similar to money in public charities , are not proprietary information , nor can physicians cash out the trust of their patients .

Atorvastatin was obtained from Pfizer ( Groton , Connecticut , United States ) , and simvastatin was obtained from LKT Labs ( St. Paul , Minnesota , United States ) .
atorvastatin was [got] from pfizer ( groton , connecticut , united states ) , and simvastatin was [got] from lkt labs ( st. paul , minnesota , united states ) .

N2 supplement was obtained from Gibco ( Carlsbad , California , United States ) .
n2 supplement was [got] from gibco ( carlsbad , california , united states ) .

Farnesyl transferase inhibitor 1 ( FTI-1 ) was obtained from Biomol ( Plymouth Meeting , Pennsylvania , United States ) .
farnesyl transferase inhibitor 1 ( fti-1 ) was [got] from biomol ( plymouth meeting , pennsylvania , united states ) .

Appropriately stained cells were counted in a minimum of ten random microscopic fields obtained from at least ten cell clusters per condition .
appropriately stained cells were counted in a minimum of ten random microscopic fields [got] from at least ten cell clusters per condition .

Comparable results were obtained with three independently derived NS lines .
comparable results were [got] with three independently derived ns lines .

Methods Overview The institutional review board of the University of Wisconsin Medical School approved all protocols for the study , and informed consent was obtained from all participants .
methods overview the institutional review board of the university of wisconsin medical school approved all protocols for the study , and informed consent was [got] from all participants .

After informed consent was obtained , questionnaires on lifestyle and health history were administered , and height and weight measured .
after informed consent was [got] , questionnaires on lifestyle and health history were administered , and height and weight measured .

These reviews not only address the sponsor 's analyses of the data on pivotal studies , but they often also include reanalyses by the reviewers using raw data obtained from the sponsor .
these reviews not only address the sponsor 's analyses of the data on pivotal studies , but they often also include reanalyses by the reviewers using raw data [got] from the sponsor .

As illustrated by the examples above , an array of chemical modifications obtained by oxidizing cysteinyl residues has been exploited in combating oxidative stress .
as illustrated by the examples above , an array of chemical modifications [got] by oxidizing cysteinyl residues has been exploited in combating oxidative stress .

Small volumes of blood ( an amount that could be obtained by a finger prick as opposed to drawing blood from a vein ) are labeled as in flow cytometry , but with far less of the expensive reagents .
small volumes of blood ( an amount that could be [got] by a finger prick as opposed to drawing blood from a vein ) are labeled as in flow cytometry , but with far less of the expensive reagents .

Digital images of the labeled cells , obtained by digital fluorescence microscopy , are then analyzed by newly developed software that can distinguish the CD4 , CD8 , and CD3 labels , thus allowing determination of absolute CD4 + counts , CD4 + percentages , and CD4 + : CD8 + lymphocyte ratios .
digital images of the labeled cells , [got] by digital fluorescence microscopy , are then analyzed by newly developed software that can distinguish the cd4 , cd8 , and cd3 labels , thus allowing determination of absolute cd4 + counts , cd4 + percentages , and cd4 + : cd8 + lymphocyte ratios .

Therefore , equal access is not obtained if equal quantities of ARVs are allocated to each HCF .
therefore , equal access is not [got] if equal quantities of arvs are allocated to each hcf .

Methods Animals Kidneys were obtained from 28-wk-old C57BLKS/J-lepr db/db , STZ-treated C57BL/6J , or STZ-treated 129SvJ mice and from age-matched control C57BLKS/J-lepr db/m , C57BL/6J , and 129SvJ mice as described [ 5 ] .
methods animals kidneys were [got] from 28-wk-old c57blks/j-lepr db/db , stz-treated c57bl/6j , or stz-treated 129svj mice and from age-matched control c57blks/j-lepr db/m , c57bl/6j , and 129svj mice as described [ 5 ] .

Human Kidney Biopsy Sample and Patient Characteristics Human kidney tissues ( ten controls , ten with diabetic nephropathy , and ten with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis [ FSGS ] ) were obtained from archived kidney biopsy samples or from discarded nephrectomy specimens .
human kidney biopsy sample and patient characteristics human kidney tissues ( ten controls , ten with diabetic nephropathy , and ten with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis [ fsgs ] ) were [got] from archived kidney biopsy samples or from discarded nephrectomy specimens .

Institutional Review Board approval was obtained for procurement of kidney specimens at the Thomas Jefferson University Hospital .
institutional review board approval was [got] for procurement of kidney specimens at the thomas jefferson university hospital .

Using a separate 103-item survey instrument , we obtained information about each facility 's capacity , resources , and policies from the person in charge of the facility .
using a separate 103-item survey instrument , we [got] information about each facility 's capacity , resources , and policies from the person in charge of the facility .

Verbal informed consent was obtained from all participants , their names were not recorded , and only minimal identifying information was taken in order to preserve the anonymity of their responses .
verbal informed consent was [got] from all participants , their names were not recorded , and only minimal identifying information was taken in order to preserve the anonymity of their responses .

Approval of the study protocol was obtained from the institutional review board ( IRB ) of the Philadelphia Field Initiating Group for HIV Trials ( Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States ) .
approval of the study protocol was [got] from the institutional review board ( irb ) of the philadelphia field initiating group for hiv trials ( philadelphia , pennsylvania , united states ) .

Written informed consent was obtained from all patients .
written informed consent was [got] from all patients .

Authors have frequently attempted to assess whether rates in a given study are similar to those obtained elsewhere .
authors have frequently attempted to assess whether rates in a given study are similar to those [got] elsewhere .

In contrast to the spatially restricted functions of CAP , Ena , and Abl , profilin and cofilin were shown to regulate actin filament formation throughout the cell cortex , a more global function that matches the results obtained in cell culture experiments .
in contrast to the spatially restricted functions of cap , ena , and abl , profilin and cofilin were shown to regulate actin filament formation throughout the cell cortex , a more global function that matches the results [got] in cell culture experiments .

A chest radiograph obtained to rule out an underlying left apical superior sulcus tumor was normal .
a chest radiograph [got] to rule out an underlying left apical superior sulcus tumor was normal .

Magnetic resonance imaging/magnetic resonance angiography of the brain with cross-sectional imaging of the neck was obtained , which revealed extracranial left internal carotid artery dissection ( Figures 2 and 3 ) .
magnetic resonance imaging/magnetic resonance angiography of the brain with cross-sectional imaging of the neck was [got] , which revealed extracranial left internal carotid artery dissection ( figures 2 and 3 ) .

Data on anthropometric and biological characteristics were obtained by physical examination and laboratory analyses ; the process was repeated at a second examination around 1989–1990 .
data on anthropometric and biological characteristics were [got] by physical examination and laboratory analyses ; the process was repeated at a second examination around 1989–1990 .

Methods Tissue Procurement Tumor specimens were obtained through protocols approved by the institutional review board of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center , as previously described [ 3 ] ( see Protocols S1–S3 ) .
methods tissue procurement tumor specimens were [got] through protocols approved by the institutional review board of memorial sloan-kettering cancer center , as previously described [ 3 ] ( see protocols s1–s3 ) .

Tumor material , obtained from patients prior to kinase inhibitor treatment for lung cancer , was collected retrospectively for patients on gefitinib , who received 250 mg or 500 mg orally once daily ( n = 24 ) , and prospectively for patients on erlotinib , who received 150 mg orally once daily ( n = 36 ) .
tumor material , [got] from patients prior to kinase inhibitor treatment for lung cancer , was collected retrospectively for patients on gefitinib , who received 250 mg or 500 mg orally once daily ( n = 24 ) , and prospectively for patients on erlotinib , who received 150 mg orally once daily ( n = 36 ) .

Whilst in some cases data may be obtained from the literature , it is likely that new work will have to be undertaken , especially in the southern hemisphere , where the number of past investigations of such traits is generally much lower than in the north .
whilst in some cases data may be [got] from the literature , it is likely that new work will have to be undertaken , especially in the southern hemisphere , where the number of past investigations of such traits is generally much lower than in the north .

These results emphasize how difficult it is to translate findings , such as the spectacular results obtained by the vaccination of TCR transgenic mice with heteroclitic peptides [ 12 ] , into an application for normal animals and humans .
these results emphasize how difficult it is to translate findings , such as the spectacular results [got] by the vaccination of tcr transgenic mice with heteroclitic peptides [ 12 ] , into an application for normal animals and humans .

The number of MSCs that can be obtained from a single donor is limited , and the capacity of these cells for long-term proliferation is rather poor .
the number of mscs that can be [got] from a single donor is limited , and the capacity of these cells for long-term proliferation is rather poor .

An average of 5 % CD73+ cells was obtained from the mixed culture of OP9 and differentiated hESC progeny .
an average of 5 % cd73+ cells was [got] from the mixed culture of op9 and differentiated hesc progeny .

More rapid myogenic differentiation was obtained in the presence of 24-h-conditioned medium from the murine myoblastic cell line C2C12 previously induced to form myotubes [ 14 ] .
more rapid myogenic differentiation was [got] in the presence of 24-h-conditioned medium from the murine myoblastic cell line c2c12 previously induced to form myotubes [ 14 ] .

These data demonstrate that hESMPCs can give rise to mesenchymal derivatives typically obtained from primary adult MSCs , as well as to cells expressing markers of skeletal muscle .
these data demonstrate that hesmpcs can give rise to mesenchymal derivatives typically [got] from primary adult mscs , as well as to cells expressing markers of skeletal muscle .

The learning dataset was obtained from 36 patients ( 24 male , 12 female , age 28–85 y , mean 59.7 y ) with histologically proven primary genitourinary malignancies ( prostate , 21 ; bladder , 9 ; testes , 5 ; ureter , 1 ) .
the learning dataset was [got] from 36 patients ( 24 male , 12 female , age 28–85 y , mean 59.7 y ) with histologically proven primary genitourinary malignancies ( prostate , 21 ; bladder , 9 ; testes , 5 ; ureter , 1 ) .

The test dataset was obtained from 34 patients ( 25 male , nine female , age 30–82 y , mean 58.9 y ) with histologically proven malignancies from different primaries ( Table 1 ) , including prostate ( n = 18 ) , breast ( n = 7 ) , penile ( n = 4 ) , bladder ( n = 2 ) , testes ( n = 2 ) , and colon ( n = 1 ) .
the test dataset was [got] from 34 patients ( 25 male , nine female , age 30–82 y , mean 58.9 y ) with histologically proven malignancies from different primaries ( table 1 ) , including prostate ( n = 18 ) , breast ( n = 7 ) , penile ( n = 4 ) , bladder ( n = 2 ) , testes ( n = 2 ) , and colon ( n = 1 ) .

In patients with breast cancer ( n = 7 ) we obtained MR images of the bilateral axillae , including the internal mammary and supraclavicular regions .
in patients with breast cancer ( n = 7 ) we [got] mr images of the bilateral axillae , including the internal mammary and supraclavicular regions .

The acquired pulse sequences included ( a ) axial T2-weighted fast spin-echo ( TR/TE , 4500/80 ; flip angle , 90° ; field of view , 24–28 cm ; slice thickness , 3 mm ; matrix , 256 × 256 ; number of excitations , 2 ; in-plane resolution , 1.2 mm ) ; ( b ) a T1-weighted two-dimensional gradient-echo sequence obtained in different anatomical planes ( TR/TE 175/1.8 ; flip angle , 80° ; field of view , 22–30 cm ; slice thickness , 4 mm ; matrix , 128 × 256 ; in-plane resolution , 2.0 mm ) ; ( c ) an axial T2-weighted dual TE gradient-echo ( TR/TE 2100/14–24 ; flip angle , 70° ; field of view , 26–28 cm ; slice thickness , 3 mm ; matrix , 160 × 256 ; in-plane resolution , 1.7 mm ) ; and ( d ) a three-dimensional ( 3D ) T1-weighted gradient echo sequence ; TR/TE 4.5–5.5/1.4 ; flip angle , 15° ; field of view , 24–28 cm ; slice thickness , 1.4 mm ; matrix , 256 × 256 ; in-plane resolution , 1.0 mm ) .
the acquired pulse sequences included ( a ) axial t2-weighted fast spin-echo ( tr/te , 4500/80 ; flip angle , 90° ; field of view , 24–28 cm ; slice thickness , 3 mm ; matrix , 256 × 256 ; number of excitations , 2 ; in-plane resolution , 1.2 mm ) ; ( b ) a t1-weighted two-dimensional gradient-echo sequence [got] in different anatomical planes ( tr/te 175/1.8 ; flip angle , 80° ; field of view , 22–30 cm ; slice thickness , 4 mm ; matrix , 128 × 256 ; in-plane resolution , 2.0 mm ) ; ( c ) an axial t2-weighted dual te gradient-echo ( tr/te 2100/14–24 ; flip angle , 70° ; field of view , 26–28 cm ; slice thickness , 3 mm ; matrix , 160 × 256 ; in-plane resolution , 1.7 mm ) ; and ( d ) a three-dimensional ( 3d ) t1-weighted gradient echo sequence ; tr/te 4.5–5.5/1.4 ; flip angle , 15° ; field of view , 24–28 cm ; slice thickness , 1.4 mm ; matrix , 256 × 256 ; in-plane resolution , 1.0 mm ) .

The T2-weighted fast spin-echo sequence , in ( a ) above , was primarily used for qualitative nodal detection , and hence a square pixel with more than one acquisition was obtained .
the t2-weighted fast spin-echo sequence , in ( a ) above , was primarily used for qualitative nodal detection , and hence a square pixel with more than one acquisition was [got] .

Finally , a 3D T1-weighted sequence was obtained , in ( d ) above to provide a dataset for vascular maximum intensity projection ( MIP ) reconstructions .
finally , a 3d t1-weighted sequence was [got] , in ( d ) above to provide a dataset for vascular maximum intensity projection ( mip ) reconstructions .

Pixel variance was obtained from post-MR images .
pixel variance was [got] from post-mr images .

In the final set of semiautomated image analysis , 3D reconstructions were obtained for nodal mapping onto vascular anatomy using MIP projections .
in the final set of semiautomated image analysis , 3d reconstructions were [got] for nodal mapping onto vascular anatomy using mip projections .

Some promising results have been obtained using immunomodulatory drugs , including cyclosporine [ 60 ] and hydroxyurea [ 61 ] , in combination with antiviral therapy , presumably because of the limitation of T cell activation .
some promising results have been [got] using immunomodulatory drugs , including cyclosporine [ 60 ] and hydroxyurea [ 61 ] , in combination with antiviral therapy , presumably because of the limitation of t cell activation .

Study protocols were approved by the institutional review board for human studies , and informed consent was obtained from all participants .
study protocols were approved by the institutional review board for human studies , and informed consent was [got] from all participants .

Similar results were obtained using intracytoplasmic cytokine staining of the same cells ( Figure 3D ) , in which PMA/ionomycin stimulation strongly induced IFN-γ production from CD69 + /CD8 + lung lymphocytes .
similar results were [got] using intracytoplasmic cytokine staining of the same cells ( figure 3d ) , in which pma/ionomycin stimulation strongly induced ifn-γ production from cd69 + /cd8 + lung lymphocytes .

Israel Dataset Antibody concentrations were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( ELISA ) ( with absorption by cell wall polysaccharide but not by 22F polysaccharide ) in blood samples that were obtained from 130 toddlers at enrollment and at approximately 12 and 24 mo after enrollment in a double-blind , controlled trial of a nine-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine .
israel dataset antibody concentrations were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( elisa ) ( with absorption by cell wall polysaccharide but not by 22f polysaccharide ) in blood samples that were [got] from 130 toddlers at enrollment and at approximately 12 and 24 mo after enrollment in a double-blind , controlled trial of a nine-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine .

Finland Dataset Mandatory reporting from all microbiological laboratories in Finland to the National Register of Infectious Disease ( http : //www3.ktl.fi/stat/ ) identified all blood and cerebrospinal fluid isolates of S. pneumoniae obtained in the years 1995–2001 .
finland dataset mandatory reporting from all microbiological laboratories in finland to the national register of infectious disease ( http : //www3.ktl.fi/stat/ ) identified all blood and cerebrospinal fluid isolates of s. pneumoniae [got] in the years 1995–2001 .

Incidence within 6-mo age groups was calculated using population denominators obtained from Statistics Finland ( Helsinki , Finland ) .
incidence within 6-mo age groups was calculated using population denominators [got] from statistics finland ( helsinki , finland ) .

Results United States Findings Figure 1 shows the age-specific incidence of invasive pneumococcal disease , by capsular serogroup , obtained from population-based active surveillance in the United States prior to the introduction of the conjugate vaccine .
results united states findings figure 1 shows the age-specific incidence of invasive pneumococcal disease , by capsular serogroup , [got] from population-based active surveillance in the united states prior to the introduction of the conjugate vaccine .

For each study participant , images were obtained from each of five nonoverlapping regions of the lymphocyte capture membrane in the flow cell , using a 12-bit CCD digital camera ( DVC , Austin , Texas , United States ) mounted on the microscope .
for each study participant , images were [got] from each of five nonoverlapping regions of the lymphocyte capture membrane in the flow cell , using a 12-bit ccd digital camera ( dvc , austin , texas , united states ) mounted on the microscope .

Images of labeled cells captured on the membrane were obtained and analyzed as described above .
images of labeled cells captured on the membrane were [got] and analyzed as described above .

Study Participants and Comparison to Flow Cytometry Blood was obtained from HIV-1-uninfected control participants and HIV-infected participants at the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston , Massachusetts , United States , and from HIV-infected participants at the Botswanaâ€ “ Harvard AIDS Institute HIV Reference Laboratory in Gaborone , Botswana .
study participants and comparison to flow cytometry blood was [got] from hiv-1-uninfected control participants and hiv-infected participants at the massachusetts general hospital in boston , massachusetts , united states , and from hiv-infected participants at the botswanaâ€ “ harvard aids institute hiv reference laboratory in gaborone , botswana .

Results In initial experiments using the original ETC system [ 21â€ “ 23 ] , microspheres were coated with monoclonal antibodies to the lymphocyte surface markers CD3 , CD4 , or CD8 , followed by microfluidic delivery of fluorescently labeled lymphocytes from whole blood obtained from non-HIV-infected participants .
results in initial experiments using the original etc system [ 21â€ “ 23 ] , microspheres were coated with monoclonal antibodies to the lymphocyte surface markers cd3 , cd4 , or cd8 , followed by microfluidic delivery of fluorescently labeled lymphocytes from whole blood [got] from non-hiv-infected participants .

Digital images from one region of the lymphocyte capture membrane were obtained with two different emission filters , one specific for the AlexaFluor-488-conjugated antibody used to stain CD4 + T lymphocytes green ( Figure 4A ) , and the other specific for the AlexaFluor-647-conjugated antibody used to stain CD3 + T lymphocytes red ( Figure 4B ) .
digital images from one region of the lymphocyte capture membrane were [got] with two different emission filters , one specific for the alexafluor-488-conjugated antibody used to stain cd4 + t lymphocytes green ( figure 4a ) , and the other specific for the alexafluor-647-conjugated antibody used to stain cd3 + t lymphocytes red ( figure 4b ) .

Either a standardized reference reagent , such as calibration beads at a known concentration , can be added to the assay ( â€œsingle-platformâ€ flow cytometry ) , or an absolute total lymphocyte count in cells per microliter can be obtained on a hematology analyzer ( â€œdual-platformâ€ flow cytometry ) .
either a standardized reference reagent , such as calibration beads at a known concentration , can be added to the assay ( â€œsingle-platformâ€ flow cytometry ) , or an absolute total lymphocyte count in cells per microliter can be [got] on a hematology analyzer ( â€œdual-platformâ€ flow cytometry ) .

We compared results from our microchip assay with results available from flow cytometry , the latter obtained on a FACSCalibur through standard clinical laboratory operating procedures .
we compared results from our microchip assay with results available from flow cytometry , the latter [got] on a facscalibur through standard clinical laboratory operating procedures .

Overall , the data show that all three approaches to measuring CD4 cell counts can be accurately quantified using the microchip method , and that both adult and pediatric CD4 results can be obtained .
overall , the data show that all three approaches to measuring cd4 cell counts can be accurately quantified using the microchip method , and that both adult and pediatric cd4 results can be [got] .

We have conducted preliminary studies that suggest that we can accurately measure CD4 counts from less than 5 Î¼l of blood obtained via fingerstick ( data not shown ) ; additional studies will be required to assess the correlation between CD4 counts obtained by fingerstick and by venipuncture .
we have conducted preliminary studies that suggest that we can accurately measure cd4 counts from less than 5 î¼l of blood [got] via fingerstick ( data not shown ) ; additional studies will be required to assess the correlation between cd4 counts [got] by fingerstick and by venipuncture .

Most importantly , the rapid and accurate CD4 assessments obtained with this method , together with its anticipated low cost relative to flow cytometry , may make this type of approach ideal for resource-scarce settings .
most importantly , the rapid and accurate cd4 assessments [got] with this method , together with its anticipated low cost relative to flow cytometry , may make this type of approach ideal for resource-scarce settings .

The results presented here were obtained with a stationary , tabletop monitoring system using a standard epifluorescence microscope and commercial image processing software .
the results presented here were [got] with a stationary , tabletop monitoring system using a standard epifluorescence microscope and commercial image processing software .

The HLA-A*0201-positive melanoma line mel526 was obtained from the Surgery Branch of the NCI .
the hla-a*0201-positive melanoma line mel526 was [got] from the surgery branch of the nci .

By eavesdropping on this communication , scientists have recently obtained a unique perspective into the perceptual world of insects .
by eavesdropping on this communication , scientists have recently [got] a unique perspective into the perceptual world of insects .

Neutralizing antibodies to TNFα , IL-6 , and anti-IL-1β , as well as control IgG , were obtained from R & D Systems .
neutralizing antibodies to tnfα , il-6 , and anti-il-1β , as well as control igg , were [got] from r & d systems .

Primer and probe for TNFα were obtained from Applied Biosystems .
primer and probe for tnfα were [got] from applied biosystems .

Serial blood samples were collected during the 24 h prior to and 24 h following the intravenous administration of human-research-grade endotoxin ( obtained from National Institutes of Health Clinical Center , reference endotoxin [ CCRE ] [ lots 1 and 2 ; National Institutes of Health Clinical Center PDS # 67801 ] ) at a dose of 3 ng/kg given at 6 AM .
serial blood samples were collected during the 24 h prior to and 24 h following the intravenous administration of human-research-grade endotoxin ( [got] from national institutes of health clinical center , reference endotoxin [ ccre ] [ lots 1 and 2 ; national institutes of health clinical center pds # 67801 ] ) at a dose of 3 ng/kg given at 6 am .

We observed no serious problems as a result of these questionable postings , and saw many reports by patients who had obtained better care , prevented medical mistakes , or averted serious injury because of the information and advice they received from fellow group members .
we observed no serious problems as a result of these questionable postings , and saw many reports by patients who had [got] better care , prevented medical mistakes , or averted serious injury because of the information and advice they received from fellow group members .

We also obtained data on the educational level attained by each twin and their father .
we also [got] data on the educational level attained by each twin and their father .

Data on anthropometric and biological characteristics were obtained by physical examination and laboratory analysis [ 24 ] .
data on anthropometric and biological characteristics were [got] by physical examination and laboratory analysis [ 24 ] .

Blood for lipid and lipoprotein measurement was obtained after participants had fasted overnight .
blood for lipid and lipoprotein measurement was [got] after participants had fasted overnight .

Similar results were obtained for analyses based on educational level ( Tables 5 and 6 ) , with some important exceptions .
similar results were [got] for analyses based on educational level ( tables 5 and 6 ) , with some important exceptions .

Based on these data , obtained from a carefully studied , albeit small group of children , what should people who treat children with malaria do ?
based on these data , [got] from a carefully studied , albeit small group of children , what should people who treat children with malaria do ?

In particular , little structural insight has been obtained for early outside-in intracellular events following ECM–integrin binding , e.g. , upon ECM engagement .
in particular , little structural insight has been [got] for early outside-in intracellular events following ecm–integrin binding , e.g. , upon ecm engagement .

Inbred strains are collections of genetically identical animals obtained through selective breeding .
inbred strains are collections of genetically identical animals [got] through selective breeding .

However , one has to be careful in directly applying data obtained from animal models to human diseases .
however , one has to be careful in directly applying data [got] from animal models to human diseases .

More problematic is the interpretation of results obtained with knockout models .
more problematic is the interpretation of results [got] with knockout models .

Despite these limitations , several groups used microarrays to analyze brain tissues obtained posthumously from patients who had MS and identified genes that characterized either acute or chronic lesions [ 9,10,11 ] .
despite these limitations , several groups used microarrays to analyze brain tissues [got] posthumously from patients who had ms and identified genes that characterized either acute or chronic lesions [ 9,10,11 ] .

The expected intake rate is the average amount of nectar obtained per flower ( or standing crop ) divided by the time it takes to find and exploit a flower .
the expected intake rate is the average amount of nectar [got] per flower ( or standing crop ) divided by the time it takes to find and exploit a flower .

According to The Conference Board , an independent business management organization funded by the Sloan Foundation to survey PSM alumni , by 2002 , 91 % of the first PSM graduates had obtained full-time positions within their field despite a white-collar recession , two-thirds with salaries of $ 50,000 or more .
according to the conference board , an independent business management organization funded by the sloan foundation to survey psm alumni , by 2002 , 91 % of the first psm graduates had [got] full-time positions within their field despite a white-collar recession , two-thirds with salaries of $ 50,000 or more .

Estimates of the intensity of hookworm infection are typically obtained by using quantitative fecal egg counts as a surrogate marker for worm burden .
estimates of the intensity of hookworm infection are typically [got] by using quantitative fecal egg counts as a surrogate marker for worm burden .

Methods Tissue Procurement Tumor specimens , including paraffin blocks , fine needle biopsies , and pleural effusions , were obtained through protocols approved by the Institutional Review Board of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center ( protocol 92–055 [ 7 ] and protocol 04–103 [ Protocol S1 ] ) .
methods tissue procurement tumor specimens , including paraffin blocks , fine needle biopsies , and pleural effusions , were [got] through protocols approved by the institutional review board of memorial sloan-kettering cancer center ( protocol 92–055 [ 7 ] and protocol 04–103 [ protocol s1 ] ) .

Comparison of chest radiographs obtained prior to starting gefitinib ( Figure S1A , left panel ) and 2 wk later ( Figure S1A , middle panel ) showed dramatic improvement .
comparison of chest radiographs [got] prior to starting gefitinib ( figure s1a , left panel ) and 2 wk later ( figure s1a , middle panel ) showed dramatic improvement .

Pleural fluid was obtained for molecular studies .
pleural fluid was [got] for molecular studies .

However , careful analysis of the exon 20 sequence chromatograms in both forward and reverse directions from this patient 's lung biopsy specimen obtained after disease progression on gefitinib demonstrated an additional small peak at nucleotide 2369 , suggesting a C→T mutation ( Figure 2A , upper panels ; Table 1 ) .
however , careful analysis of the exon 20 sequence chromatograms in both forward and reverse directions from this patient 's lung biopsy specimen [got] after disease progression on gefitinib demonstrated an additional small peak at nucleotide 2369 , suggesting a c→t mutation ( figure 2a , upper panels ; table 1 ) .

The 2369 C→T mutant peak was even more prominent in cells from the patient 's pleural fluid , which were obtained after further disease progression on gefitinib ( Figure 2A , lower panels ; Table 1 ) .
the 2369 c→t mutant peak was even more prominent in cells from the patient 's pleural fluid , which were [got] after further disease progression on gefitinib ( figure 2a , lower panels ; table 1 ) .

The increase in the ratio of mutant to wild-type peaks obtained from analyses of the lung specimen and pleural fluid paralleled the increase in the ratio of the mutant G peak ( leading to the L858R mutation ) to the wild-type T peak at nucleotide 2573 ( see above ; Figure S2A ) , as well as the increase in the ratio of the A : G SNP at position 2361 ( Figure 2A ) .
the increase in the ratio of mutant to wild-type peaks [got] from analyses of the lung specimen and pleural fluid paralleled the increase in the ratio of the mutant g peak ( leading to the l858r mutation ) to the wild-type t peak at nucleotide 2573 ( see above ; figure s2a ) , as well as the increase in the ratio of the a : g snp at position 2361 ( figure 2a ) .

In patient 2 , the tumor-rich sample obtained prior to treatment with erlotinib did not contain any additional mutations in the exons encoding the EGFR tyrosine kinase domain ( Figure 2B , upper panels ; Table 1 ) .
in patient 2 , the tumor-rich sample [got] prior to treatment with erlotinib did not contain any additional mutations in the exons encoding the egfr tyrosine kinase domain ( figure 2b , upper panels ; table 1 ) .

In three additional patients ( case histories not described here ) with lung adenocarcinomas who improved but subsequently progressed on therapy with either gefitinib or erlotinib , we examined DNA from tumor specimens obtained during disease progression .
in three additional patients ( case histories not described here ) with lung adenocarcinomas who improved but subsequently progressed on therapy with either gefitinib or erlotinib , we examined dna from tumor specimens [got] during disease progression .

Similar results were obtained using erlotinib against wild-type and del E747–L747 ; A750P EGFRs in comparison to the corresponding mutants containing the T790M mutation ( Figure 4C ) .
similar results were [got] using erlotinib against wild-type and del e747–l747 ; a750p egfrs in comparison to the corresponding mutants containing the t790m mutation ( figure 4c ) .

Very similar results were obtained with erlotinib ( Figure S3 ) .
very similar results were [got] with erlotinib ( figure s3 ) .

Reference EGFR sequence was obtained from LocusLink accession number 1956 and GenBank accession number NT_033968 .
reference egfr sequence was [got] from locuslink accession number 1956 and genbank accession number nt_033968 .

The reason that precise estimates of the final epidemic size can not be obtained can be understood intuitively .
the reason that precise estimates of the final epidemic size can not be [got] can be understood intuitively .

Further , since the precision with which forecasts of the final epidemic size can be obtained will depend on many disease-specific properties and maybe other factors , too , case studies of the potential effectiveness of EWSs for different diseases are needed .
further , since the precision with which forecasts of the final epidemic size can be [got] will depend on many disease-specific properties and maybe other factors , too , case studies of the potential effectiveness of ewss for different diseases are needed .

Finally , notwithstanding limits to precision , the benefits to be obtained from estimates of the average final epidemic size and the timing of epidemics alone may warrant considerable investment in EWSs .
finally , notwithstanding limits to precision , the benefits to be [got] from estimates of the average final epidemic size and the timing of epidemics alone may warrant considerable investment in ewss .

Similar results have been obtained with other types of odors .
similar results have been [got] with other types of odors .

With this DNA , much better fibers could be obtained and much sharper diffraction diagrams emerged .
with this dna , much better fibers could be [got] and much sharper diffraction diagrams emerged .

Methods Data Sources Annual data from1992 through 2002 were obtained from the National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey ( NAMCS ) and the outpatient department component of the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey ( NHAMCS ) .
methods data sources annual data from1992 through 2002 were [got] from the national ambulatory medical care survey ( namcs ) and the outpatient department component of the national hospital ambulatory medical care survey ( nhamcs ) .

Although it has been argued that transmission rates may be higher under some circumstances ( such as during acute infection or when other infections of the genital tract are present ) than the estimates obtained from discordant couple studies suggest ( e.g. , the recent study by Pilcher et al .
although it has been argued that transmission rates may be higher under some circumstances ( such as during acute infection or when other infections of the genital tract are present ) than the estimates [got] from discordant couple studies suggest ( e.g. , the recent study by pilcher et al .

As of the Dallas meeting , we now have over $ 40,000.00 pledged toward our goal of $ 100,000.00 The goal will be obtained before the fund can begin to make disbursements .
as of the dallas meeting , we now have over $ 40,000.00 pledged toward our goal of $ 100,000.00 the goal will be [got] before the fund can begin to make disbursements .

The seasonal construction job he obtained soon ended , and he returned to Career Academy for help once more .
the seasonal construction job he [got] soon ended , and he returned to career academy for help once more .

The Post says the information was obtained from Iraqi defectors .
the post says the information was [got] from iraqi defectors .

The papers describe various last minute scenarios being floated at the White House , none of them having yet obtained presidential imprimatur : a televised address , and various alternative punishments , including the proposal of a post-impeachment Senate censure made in yesterday 's NYT by Bob Dole .
the papers describe various last minute scenarios being floated at the white house , none of them having yet [got] presidential imprimatur : a televised address , and various alternative punishments , including the proposal of a post-impeachment senate censure made in yesterday 's nyt by bob dole .

The paper quotes the head of Amnesty International , who is from Senegal , as saying that `` it seems to me that the international community , in terms of standards , is moving really ahead of the standards obtained in the United States today . ''
the paper quotes the head of amnesty international , who is from senegal , as saying that `` it seems to me that the international community , in terms of standards , is moving really ahead of the standards [got] in the united states today . ''

A New York jury found gun makers liable for several deaths and injuries inflicted with illegally obtained weapons .
a new york jury found gun makers liable for several deaths and injuries inflicted with illegally [got] weapons .

I still have a copy of the restraining order he obtained when I attempted , in an excess of neighborly zeal , to climb the fire escape in the loft next to his in that gritty industrial area he called home .
i still have a copy of the restraining order he [got] when i attempted , in an excess of neighborly zeal , to climb the fire escape in the loft next to his in that gritty industrial area he called home .

So my gift to you : a piece of Oliver North e-mail obtained by that wonderful organization , the National Security Archive .
so my gift to you : a piece of oliver north e-mail [got] by that wonderful organization , the national security archive .

In a 1995 tape of an NFL Players Association meeting obtained by the New York Times , an association official boasts of having secretly convinced the NFL to overlook 16 positive drug tests .
in a 1995 tape of an nfl players association meeting [got] by the new york times , an association official boasts of having secretly convinced the nfl to overlook 16 positive drug tests .

Precisely how I obtained the wines is a matter of `` do n't ask , do n't tell . ''
precisely how i [got] the wines is a matter of `` do n't ask , do n't tell . ''

Quoting Pentagon documents obtained by the U.S.-based East Timor Action Network and Rep. Lane Evans , D-Ill. , the Observer said the program `` was hidden from legislators and the public when Congress curbed the official schooling of Indonesia 's army after a massacre in 1991 . ''
quoting pentagon documents [got] by the u.s.-based east timor action network and rep. lane evans , d-ill. , the observer said the program `` was hidden from legislators and the public when congress curbed the official schooling of indonesia 's army after a massacre in 1991 . ''

Then I learned Hebrew , obtained a copy of the computer program used by the world-class mathematician who discovered the code , and worked with it myself every day for years .
then i learned hebrew , [got] a copy of the computer program used by the world-class mathematician who discovered the code , and worked with it myself every day for years .

I consider that to be essentially similar to what can be obtained on the radio in most places .
i consider that to be essentially similar to what can be [got] on the radio in most places .

According to documents obtained by the Competitive Enterprise Institute in its lawsuit to have the current policy overturned , the statements that the bureau has barred include the following : `` Several medical authorities say that a glass or two of wine enjoyed daily is not only a pleasant experience but can be beneficial to an adult 's health . ''
according to documents [got] by the competitive enterprise institute in its lawsuit to have the current policy overturned , the statements that the bureau has barred include the following : `` several medical authorities say that a glass or two of wine enjoyed daily is not only a pleasant experience but can be beneficial to an adult 's health . ''

As it stands now , police officers , especially in urban areas , present more illegally obtained evidence than legally obtained evidence .
as it stands now , police officers , especially in urban areas , present more illegally [got] evidence than legally [got] evidence .

Actress Halle Berry , who had obtained a restraining order against her ex-husband , Cleveland Indians outfielder David Justice , during their acrimonious divorce , was recently seen dating him , according to the Star .
actress halle berry , who had [got] a restraining order against her ex-husband , cleveland indians outfielder david justice , during their acrimonious divorce , was recently seen dating him , according to the star .

It is clearly established that China somehow obtained design specifications for many of America 's nuclear warheads during the 1980s and early '90s .
it is clearly established that china somehow [got] design specifications for many of america 's nuclear warheads during the 1980s and early '90s .

In short , money laundering is the conversion of illegally obtained profits into funds that appear legitimate -- that is , making `` dirty '' money `` clean . ''
in short , money laundering is the conversion of illegally [got] profits into funds that appear legitimate -- that is , making `` dirty '' money `` clean . ''

According to tabulations obtained exclusively by kausfiles from sources deep within the federal government , the percentage of the African-American population on welfare is at its lowest level in at least 15 years , and probably its lowest level since the early 1970s .
according to tabulations [got] exclusively by kausfiles from sources deep within the federal government , the percentage of the african-american population on welfare is at its lowest level in at least 15 years , and probably its lowest level since the early 1970s .

The paper said that if the International Monetary Fund and World Bank credits Russia was seeking were not obtained , the government would have no other option but to devalue the ruble and set the new rate somewhere between 7 and 8 rubles to the U.S. dollar .
the paper said that if the international monetary fund and world bank credits russia was seeking were not [got] , the government would have no other option but to devalue the ruble and set the new rate somewhere between 7 and 8 rubles to the u.s. dollar .

The NYT lead is written off a copy it has obtained of a House committee 's report to be released this coming week that says the Defense Department and the Department of Veterans Affairs should be stripped of their authority over Gulf soldiers ' sickness because of their mishandling of the issue .
the nyt lead is written off a copy it has [got] of a house committee 's report to be released this coming week that says the defense department and the department of veterans affairs should be stripped of their authority over gulf soldiers ' sickness because of their mishandling of the issue .

Gray Davis and obtained by the LAT .
gray davis and [got] by the lat .

The nervous spin : China may have obtained our most valuable secrets .
the nervous spin : china may have [got] our most valuable secrets .

The NYT has obtained a draft of a U.S. government report on Nazi gold taken from Jews -- primarily as jewelry and teeth fillings -- during World War II , and writes it up on the top-front .
the nyt has [got] a draft of a u.s. government report on nazi gold taken from jews -- primarily as jewelry and teeth fillings -- during world war ii , and writes it up on the top-front .

The USAT lead is based on a State Department list , obtained by the paper , of banned Russian organizations , from universities to intelligence agencies .
the usat lead is based on a state department list , [got] by the paper , of banned russian organizations , from universities to intelligence agencies .

In her January 21 , 1998 affidavit for Jones ( still under seal but somehow obtained by the WP ) , Tripp says Lewinsky told her of an affair with Clinton commencing on November 15 , 1995 , and that Lewinsky had played at least three tapes for Tripp containing Clinton 's voice and showed her gifts from Clinton .
in her january 21 , 1998 affidavit for jones ( still under seal but somehow [got] by the wp ) , tripp says lewinsky told her of an affair with clinton commencing on november 15 , 1995 , and that lewinsky had played at least three tapes for tripp containing clinton 's voice and showed her gifts from clinton .

Among the barriers targeted by the truth school are the Fourth Amendment 's exclusionary rule -- which forbids the introduction into trial of evidence obtained in violation of that amendment -- and the Fifth Amendment 's prohibition on eliciting the truth from criminal defendants by compelling them to testify .
among the barriers targeted by the truth school are the fourth amendment 's exclusionary rule -- which forbids the introduction into trial of evidence [got] in violation of that amendment -- and the fifth amendment 's prohibition on eliciting the truth from criminal defendants by compelling them to testify .

If this kind of tort remedy were to work effectively , it would , of necessity , deter some searches that are today conducted by errant cops who do not fear the occasional exclusion of illegally obtained evidence .
if this kind of tort remedy were to work effectively , it would , of necessity , deter some searches that are today conducted by errant cops who do not fear the occasional exclusion of illegally [got] evidence .

If you have an expertise in privacy and defamation , then someone will ask you to testify on the question of whether one should allow strong encryption by private parties on the Net , or whether the publication online of confidential information obtained by fraud or trickery is protected under the Amendment .
if you have an expertise in privacy and defamation , then someone will ask you to testify on the question of whether one should allow strong encryption by private parties on the net , or whether the publication online of confidential information [got] by fraud or trickery is protected under the amendment .

Here 's a link to a Bush fund-raising letter obtained by Newsweek that shows how the system works .
here 's a link to a bush fund-raising letter [got] by newsweek that shows how the system works .

When supplies are obtained , they get surgery first .
when supplies are [got] , they get surgery first .

Her lawyer , however , is questioning the reliability of the confession , obtained during an all-night interview .
her lawyer , however , is questioning the reliability of the confession , [got] during an all-night interview .

Ted Kaczynski brooded alone in his cabin , limiting his contact to the outside world to letters and books obtained through the interlibrary loan systems .
ted kaczynski brooded alone in his cabin , limiting his contact to the outside world to letters and books [got] through the interlibrary loan systems .

The German government believes it has obtained the written blueprint for the campaign .
the german government believes it has [got] the written blueprint for the campaign .

I find it very hard to see how Bell 's forecasts about the future , prescient as they may be , flow from this rather inert theory obtained by weakening that of Marx .
i find it very hard to see how bell 's forecasts about the future , prescient as they may be , flow from this rather inert theory [got] by weakening that of marx .

The new thinking is that rogue states may already have obtained samples of the virus for developing a biological weapon and that the United States should work with Russia to develop a new vaccine and to test drugs against the virus .
the new thinking is that rogue states may already have [got] samples of the virus for developing a biological weapon and that the united states should work with russia to develop a new vaccine and to test drugs against the virus .

Reports indicate that China obtained atomic secrets from a U.S. nuclear lab and may have used them to vastly improve its nuclear missiles .
reports indicate that china [got] atomic secrets from a u.s. nuclear lab and may have used them to vastly improve its nuclear missiles .

I recently obtained some Viagra , and it works for me .
i recently [got] some viagra , and it works for me .

Time-Warner obtained the Atlanta Braves this year when it bought Turner Broadcasting Inc. , Walt Disney Co. holds an interest in the Anaheim Angels , and the Tribune Corp. owns the Chicago Cubs .
time-warner [got] the atlanta braves this year when it bought turner broadcasting inc. , walt disney co. holds an interest in the anaheim angels , and the tribune corp. owns the chicago cubs .

It obtained a copy of Khruschev 's 1956 Party Congress speech about Stalinist atrocities , much sought after by American and British spies .
it [got] a copy of khruschev 's 1956 party congress speech about stalinist atrocities , much sought after by american and british spies .

In general , when a marriage dissolves , each partner is considered to own everything he/she brought into the marriage , while all assets obtained during the marriage ( except by inheritance ) are considered joint property .
in general , when a marriage dissolves , each partner is considered to own everything he/she brought into the marriage , while all assets [got] during the marriage ( except by inheritance ) are considered joint property .

Evidence obtained illegally by bounty hunters can be submitted in court .
evidence [got] illegally by bounty hunters can be submitted in court .

According to FBI files obtained by Hersh , agents monitoring her home saw two men break in via the fire escape .
according to fbi files [got] by hersh , agents monitoring her home saw two men break in via the fire escape .

The Scottish embryologist who obtained the cells was reminded of the full-figured country singer Dolly Parton .
the scottish embryologist who [got] the cells was reminded of the full-figured country singer dolly parton .

In business terms , hard money may refer not just to real money -- i.e. , hard cash -- but also to real money obtained on hard terms .
in business terms , hard money may refer not just to real money -- i.e. , hard cash -- but also to real money [got] on hard terms .

Any other book must be obtained from a wholesale distributor or the publisher .
any other book must be [got] from a wholesale distributor or the publisher .

A Magazine About Nothing : There 's plenty of buckshot being sprayed at Lynn Hirschberg and Vanity Fair in the wake of l'affaire Seinfeld , in which the sitcom icon obtained a pre-publication copy of a VF story being written about him .
a magazine about nothing : there 's plenty of buckshot being sprayed at lynn hirschberg and vanity fair in the wake of l'affaire seinfeld , in which the sitcom icon [got] a pre-publication copy of a vf story being written about him .

Although State Farm admitted no wrongdoing , the paper explains that -- as confirmed by an internal memo it obtained -- the company , without notifying policyholders , lowered coverage limits and backed off its previous policy of guaranteed property replacement .
although state farm admitted no wrongdoing , the paper explains that -- as confirmed by an internal memo it [got] -- the company , without notifying policyholders , lowered coverage limits and backed off its previous policy of guaranteed property replacement .

While ABC is said to have just obtained exclusive funeral rights to the Hilton , CNN is rumored to be negotiating with the Church itself for sole access to a prime property .
while abc is said to have just [got] exclusive funeral rights to the hilton , cnn is rumored to be negotiating with the church itself for sole access to a prime property .

Visits , which are obtained by sending a V.O .
visits , which are [got] by sending a v.o .

In the early 1940s , World Publishing Company , producer of Webster 's New World dictionaries , obtained a ruling to quash the disclaimer requirement .
in the early 1940s , world publishing company , producer of webster 's new world dictionaries , [got] a ruling to quash the disclaimer requirement .

When , in 1820 , Phillip King landed at the Endeavour River , in the north of what is now Queensland , where Cook 's glossary was obtained , he found that the local Aborigines did not recognize the word , using a name something like menuah instead .
when , in 1820 , phillip king landed at the endeavour river , in the north of what is now queensland , where cook 's glossary was [got] , he found that the local aborigines did not recognize the word , using a name something like menuah instead .

Submitted by ] About ¥50,000 of taxpayers ' money is being spent on a court case which has been brought in the Court of Appeal by the Attorney General , Sir Patrick Mayhew , to determine what the word obtained means in the context of the insider dealing laws .
submitted by ] about ¥50,000 of taxpayers ' money is being spent on a court case which has been brought in the court of appeal by the attorney general , sir patrick mayhew , to determine what the word [got] means in the context of the insider dealing laws .

However , he was saved -- and acquitted of insider dealing -- by the dictionary definition of the word obtained .
however , he was saved -- and acquitted of insider dealing -- by the dictionary definition of the word [got] .

Judge Gerald Butler said that Mr. Fisher had not actually obtained price sensitive information in the sense of actively seeking or procuring it .
judge gerald butler said that mr. fisher had not actually [got] price sensitive information in the sense of actively seeking or procuring it .

The Attorney General argued in court yesterday that the word obtained “ embraces both the active and passive usage . ”
the attorney general argued in court yesterday that the word [got] “ embraces both the active and passive usage . ”

Information regarding membership ( which includes a subscription to The Indexer , published semiannually ) can be obtained by writing to the Society of Indexers , 139 The Ryde , Hatfield , Herts .
information regarding membership ( which includes a subscription to the indexer , published semiannually ) can be [got] by writing to the society of indexers , 139 the ryde , hatfield , herts .

It was from one of those missionaries that I obtained a copy of Genesis in pidgin English .
it was from one of those missionaries that i [got] a copy of genesis in pidgin english .

The existence of surf beaches within the environs of Sydney -- at Bondi , Bronte , Coogee , and Tamarama in the south and Manly to the north -- meant that the battle of the beaches was fought in Sydney , and , when respectability was obtained , that it was in the terms of an activity very much associated with Sydney , surf-life-saving .
the existence of surf beaches within the environs of sydney -- at bondi , bronte , coogee , and tamarama in the south and manly to the north -- meant that the battle of the beaches was fought in sydney , and , when respectability was [got] , that it was in the terms of an activity very much associated with sydney , surf-life-saving .

The form ( which I obtained ) was downright gibberish , corresponding to no idiom on earth .
the form ( which i [got] ) was downright gibberish , corresponding to no idiom on earth .

They feel , it would seem , that coherence can be obtained without it .
they feel , it would seem , that coherence can be [got] without it .

Literary Sinhalese obtained its standard in the fourteenth century AD , and this standard is respected by the whole speech community .
literary sinhalese [got] its standard in the fourteenth century ad , and this standard is respected by the whole speech community .

