A petition bearing the signatures of more than 1,700 Johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in obtaining a home rule charter for the town .
a petition bearing the signatures of more than 1,700 johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in [getting] a home rule charter for the town .

An alert 10-year-old safety patrol boy was congratulated by police today for his part in obtaining a reckless driving conviction against a youthful motorist .
an alert 10-year-old safety patrol boy was congratulated by police today for his part in [getting] a reckless driving conviction against a youthful motorist .

Despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure reagents , serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction .
despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure reagents , serious difficulty was experienced in [getting] reproducible rates of reaction .

Because of the simplicity of the molecules , isotopic exchange reactions between elemental halogens and the corresponding carbon tetrahalides would appear to offer particularly fruitful possibilities for obtaining unambiguous basic kinetic data .
because of the simplicity of the molecules , isotopic exchange reactions between elemental halogens and the corresponding carbon tetrahalides would appear to offer particularly fruitful possibilities for [getting] unambiguous basic kinetic data .

This method in general solved the problem of obtaining fairly equal concentrations of reactants in each of the six cells from a set .
this method in general solved the problem of [getting] fairly equal concentrations of reactants in each of the six cells from a set .

-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate .
-- although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of [getting] information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate .

Direct proportionality of the rate to the incident intensity has also been assumed in obtaining the value in the last column for the fourth sample of series 2 , where the light intensity was reduced by use of a screen .
direct proportionality of the rate to the incident intensity has also been assumed in [getting] the value in the last column for the fourth sample of series 2 , where the light intensity was reduced by use of a screen .

Each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand .
each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and [getting] an identification card which must be shown on demand .

The results of the election of 1859 found Republican candidates not only winning the offices of governor and lieutenant-governor but also obtaining the two Congressional offices from the eastern and western sections of the state .
the results of the election of 1859 found republican candidates not only winning the offices of governor and lieutenant-governor but also [getting] the two congressional offices from the eastern and western sections of the state .

Both are also accused of obtaining property by deception .
both are also accused of [getting] property by deception .

Been arrested by the Americans for obtaining a false passport .
been arrested by the americans for [getting] a false passport .

Mr Forrest said the police could not legally force the travellers to move on without obtaining either an eviction order or an interdict .
mr forrest said the police could not legally force the travellers to move on without [getting] either an eviction order or an interdict .

He pointed out , however , that since Mr Brown had already ‘ gone public ’ , the council had already been successful in obtaining a court decree against him .
he pointed out , however , that since mr brown had already ‘ gone public ’ , the council had already been successful in [getting] a court decree against him .

Strickland , of Liverpool , and Woods , of Oldham , admitted dishonestly obtaining information and will be sentenced later .
strickland , of liverpool , and woods , of oldham , admitted dishonestly [getting] information and will be sentenced later .

Two other hackers , Karl Strickland , 22 , of Childhall Road , Liverpool , and Neil Woods , 26 , of Broadway , Chadderton , Oldham , have already pled guilty to dishonestly obtaining information and will be sentenced later .
two other hackers , karl strickland , 22 , of childhall road , liverpool , and neil woods , 26 , of broadway , chadderton , oldham , have already pled guilty to dishonestly [getting] information and will be sentenced later .

At the opposite end of the scale , women law graduates continue to have greater problems obtaining traineeships , according to Doreen Collins .
at the opposite end of the scale , women law graduates continue to have greater problems [getting] traineeships , according to doreen collins .

Bedworth , now studying artificial intelligence at Edinburgh University , denies three conspiracy charges under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 alleging unauthorised modification of computer information , securing unauthorised access to computer information and obtaining telegraphic services unlawfully .
bedworth , now studying artificial intelligence at edinburgh university , denies three conspiracy charges under the computer misuse act 1990 alleging unauthorised modification of computer information , securing unauthorised access to computer information and [getting] telegraphic services unlawfully .

The survey will try to identify the type of information companies need when launching cross-border deals and whether they have difficulties in obtaining it .
the survey will try to identify the type of information companies need when launching cross-border deals and whether they have difficulties in [getting] it .

Yesterday Yousefi appeared before Teesside Crown Court charged with two offences of attempting to obtain by deception , four offences of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception and five offences of obtaining by deception .
yesterday yousefi appeared before teesside crown court charged with two offences of attempting to obtain by deception , four offences of [getting] a pecuniary advantage by deception and five offences of [getting] by deception .

Parvis Yousefi was found guilty at Teesside Crown Court yesterday of four offences of attempting to obtain a pecuniary advantage , five of obtaining property by deception and attempting to obtain property by deception .
parvis yousefi was found guilty at teesside crown court yesterday of four offences of attempting to obtain a pecuniary advantage , five of [getting] property by deception and attempting to obtain property by deception .

Parvis Yousefi was convicted of four offences of attempting to obtain a pecuniary advantage , five offences of obtaining property by deception and attempting to obtain by deception .
parvis yousefi was convicted of four offences of attempting to obtain a pecuniary advantage , five offences of [getting] property by deception and attempting to obtain by deception .

‘ Constables have difficulty in obtaining the guidance and advice these key supervisors are there to provide , ’ he said .
‘ constables have difficulty in [getting] the guidance and advice these key supervisors are there to provide , ’ he said .

Randhawa admitted obtaining by deception , burglary , handling stolen goods and making a threat to kill Miss Nazir .
randhawa admitted [getting] by deception , burglary , handling stolen goods and making a threat to kill miss nazir .

The two charges of conspiracy and obtaining pecuniary advantage against Turpin had been dropped .
the two charges of conspiracy and [getting] pecuniary advantage against turpin had been dropped .

Alex Salmond , Margaret Ewing and Andrew Welsh , you can be sure , will have weighed up carefully the predictable uproar and have decided that the obtaining , with only three votes , of such a sensible and important concession for Scotland from the Government is , in fact , a considerable achievement .
alex salmond , margaret ewing and andrew welsh , you can be sure , will have weighed up carefully the predictable uproar and have decided that the [getting] , with only three votes , of such a sensible and important concession for scotland from the government is , in fact , a considerable achievement .

He added that Caledonian Mining remained interested in obtaining a 70 per cent stake in the company .
he added that caledonian mining remained interested in [getting] a 70 per cent stake in the company .

Thorold Mackie , a small companies ' analyst who is highly thought of in the city 's financial circles , has been charged with obtaining and misusing price-sensitive information relating to a profits warning by Glasgow-based Shanks & McEwan .
thorold mackie , a small companies ' analyst who is highly thought of in the city 's financial circles , has been charged with [getting] and misusing price-sensitive information relating to a profits warning by glasgow-based shanks & mcewan .

We do not believe that the status of firm contracts with third parties should be the sole criterion for obtaining transitional relief , ’ he added .
we do not believe that the status of firm contracts with third parties should be the sole criterion for [getting] transitional relief , ’ he added .

Officially , there are two methods of obtaining tickets .
officially , there are two methods of [getting] tickets .

In a statement issued yesterday , Rangers acknowledged that they were experiencing difficulties in obtaining the number of tickets previously agreed for the match in Marseille .
in a statement issued yesterday , rangers acknowledged that they were experiencing difficulties in [getting] the number of tickets previously agreed for the match in marseille .

In a statement issued yesterday , Rangers acknowledged that they were experiencing difficulties in obtaining the number of tickets previously agreed for the match .
in a statement issued yesterday , rangers acknowledged that they were experiencing difficulties in [getting] the number of tickets previously agreed for the match .

Yousefi , 37 , denies two counts of attempting to obtain by deception , four of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , and five of obtaining by deception .
yousefi , 37 , denies two counts of attempting to obtain by deception , four of [getting] a pecuniary advantage by deception , and five of [getting] by deception .

Paul Andrew Tunstall , 18 , of Harcourt Street , Darlington , admitted two charges of theft and three of obtaining property by deception .
paul andrew tunstall , 18 , of harcourt street , darlington , admitted two charges of theft and three of [getting] property by deception .

Yousefi , of Southfield Crescent , Norton , Stockton , had denied four offences of obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , five offences of obtaining property by deception and one offence of attempting to obtain by deception but a Teesside Crown Court jury convicted him .
yousefi , of southfield crescent , norton , stockton , had denied four offences of [getting] a pecuniary advantage by deception , five offences of [getting] property by deception and one offence of attempting to obtain by deception but a teesside crown court jury convicted him .

Today it is a relatively minor part of the sterling parallel money market due to many Finance Houses obtaining bank status , and therefore able to raise their funds on the sterling inter-bank market .
today it is a relatively minor part of the sterling parallel money market due to many finance houses [getting] bank status , and therefore able to raise their funds on the sterling inter-bank market .

Corporate planning , for example , becomes a vehicle for obtaining political support , rather than internal managerial commitment ( see below ) .
corporate planning , for example , becomes a vehicle for [getting] political support , rather than internal managerial commitment ( see below ) .

Their own programmes were incorporated in the plan , which must have reduced scepticism and helped in obtaining priority finance .
their own programmes were incorporated in the plan , which must have reduced scepticism and helped in [getting] priority finance .

Decreasing productivity gains from mechanization , difficulties in obtaining more productive work organization and increased work intensity , the pressure of rising materials prices on costs , the pressure of international competition on prices , and especially fast increases in investment goods prices probably all played some part .
decreasing productivity gains from mechanization , difficulties in [getting] more productive work organization and increased work intensity , the pressure of rising materials prices on costs , the pressure of international competition on prices , and especially fast increases in investment goods prices probably all played some part .

The government 's response was a plan to replace the baccalauréat system , which guaranteed places to those obtaining certain qualifications , with one of competitive selection .
the government 's response was a plan to replace the baccalauréat system , which guaranteed places to those [getting] certain qualifications , with one of competitive selection .

Glorney , 25 , of Woodlands Road , Middlesbrough , appeared before Teesside Crown Court and admitted three offences of theft , handling stolen goods and obtaining by deception .
glorney , 25 , of woodlands road , middlesbrough , appeared before teesside crown court and admitted three offences of theft , handling stolen goods and [getting] by deception .

Judge Vos said had Glorney appeared only on the charges of stealing a television and video recorder and obtaining a meal in a restaurant he would not have considered a prison sentence .
judge vos said had glorney appeared only on the charges of stealing a television and video recorder and [getting] a meal in a restaurant he would not have considered a prison sentence .

Yesterday Bexton , 24 , appeared before Teesside Crown Court and admitted two offences of theft and one offence of obtaining by deception .
yesterday bexton , 24 , appeared before teesside crown court and admitted two offences of theft and one offence of [getting] by deception .

Sinclair , 28 , of Endeavour Drive , Ormesby , Middlesbrough , admitted obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception , forgery and obtaining services by deception .
sinclair , 28 , of endeavour drive , ormesby , middlesbrough , admitted [getting] a pecuniary advantage by deception , forgery and [getting] services by deception .

The health authority had been looking for a site since 1989 but found difficulty in obtaining suitable premises in terms of locality , accessibility and size of ground floor accommodation .
the health authority had been looking for a site since 1989 but found difficulty in [getting] suitable premises in terms of locality , accessibility and size of ground floor accommodation .

Middlesbrough solicitor Bernard Ridsdale-Tombling is charged with 16 offences of falsifying records and obtaining by deception .
middlesbrough solicitor bernard ridsdale-tombling is charged with 16 offences of falsifying records and [getting] by deception .

McEvoy , of The Vale , Grove Hill , Middlesbrough , admitted six offences of burglary , obtaining by deception , attempting to obtain by deception , taking a car without consent and making off without payment .
mcevoy , of the vale , grove hill , middlesbrough , admitted six offences of burglary , [getting] by deception , attempting to obtain by deception , taking a car without consent and making off without payment .

And buyers also have an easy method of disposing of their cars and obtaining new ones every couple of years , which in turn means low maintenance costs .
and buyers also have an easy method of disposing of their cars and [getting] new ones every couple of years , which in turn means low maintenance costs .

Gavin also faces three charges of obtaining a total of £630 from Nalgo by falsely pretending the money had gone to the Transport & General Workers Union .
gavin also faces three charges of [getting] a total of £630 from nalgo by falsely pretending the money had gone to the transport & general workers union .

Interest rates , defined simply as the cost of borrowing , reflect the market rates prevailing at the time of obtaining a loan .
interest rates , defined simply as the cost of borrowing , reflect the market rates prevailing at the time of [getting] a loan .

Before obtaining an expression for the continuous frequency spectrum corresponding to a nonperiodic signal , it is helpful to reformulate the theory of the previous section regarding the Fourier spectrum of a periodic signal in terms of complex exponential functions .
before [getting] an expression for the continuous frequency spectrum corresponding to a nonperiodic signal , it is helpful to reformulate the theory of the previous section regarding the fourier spectrum of a periodic signal in terms of complex exponential functions .

The recent withdrawal of charges against the parents of Kim Griffin highlights the problem of obtaining proof when parents exercise their right to silence and offer no explanation of how the child was injured .
the recent withdrawal of charges against the parents of kim griffin highlights the problem of [getting] proof when parents exercise their right to silence and offer no explanation of how the child was injured .

Make the process as brief as possible , but not so brief as not to be able to fulfil the sales objective of obtaining an order , or of opening the way for further negotiations .
make the process as brief as possible , but not so brief as not to be able to fulfil the sales objective of [getting] an order , or of opening the way for further negotiations .

While re recommended obtaining a pair from a group of juveniles it is possible to introduce sexed adults to each other if these are the only fish available .
while re recommended [getting] a pair from a group of juveniles it is possible to introduce sexed adults to each other if these are the only fish available .

→ Fitting an undersaddle pickup and obtaining the correct string to string volume balance is always tricky .
→ fitting an undersaddle pickup and [getting] the correct string to string volume balance is always tricky .

Once Clifford had departed Palmer set to work to wring from the central government a series of concessions which , had he succeeded in obtaining them all , would have converted Northern Nigeria into a separate state .
once clifford had departed palmer set to work to wring from the central government a series of concessions which , had he succeeded in [getting] them all , would have converted northern nigeria into a separate state .

Osburn 's points were that his fellow Englishmen in India , whose heartless behaviour towards Indians he described in some detail , failed to ‘ realize that the British Empire depends for its existence on obtaining the consent and the friendly co-operation of the races governed ’ , and that the demand for independence ‘ need never have arisen but for the arrogance and want of tact of a large percentage of Englishmen who , in one capacity or another , are resident in India ’ .
osburn 's points were that his fellow englishmen in india , whose heartless behaviour towards indians he described in some detail , failed to ‘ realize that the british empire depends for its existence on [getting] the consent and the friendly co-operation of the races governed ’ , and that the demand for independence ‘ need never have arisen but for the arrogance and want of tact of a large percentage of englishmen who , in one capacity or another , are resident in india ’ .

This is the deep sleep level , at which the unconscious mind is obtaining the greatest amount of real rest .
this is the deep sleep level , at which the unconscious mind is [getting] the greatest amount of real rest .

Watch your fish carefully at feeding times to ensure that they are all behaving well and that all the fish are obtaining some food .
watch your fish carefully at feeding times to ensure that they are all behaving well and that all the fish are [getting] some food .

It would be an expensive way of obtaining corpses .
it would be an expensive way of [getting] corpses .

If they are still eating , try obtaining a medicated flake from your local vet .
if they are still eating , try [getting] a medicated flake from your local vet .

Thereafter , it 's anything goes , really , and it 's fun to experiment with this novel method of obtaining bass sounds .
thereafter , it 's anything goes , really , and it 's fun to experiment with this novel method of [getting] bass sounds .

‘ Business crime is an illegal act , punishable by a criminal sanction , which is committed by an individual or a corporation in the course of a legitimate occupation or pursuit in the industrial or commercial sector for the purpose of obtaining money or property , avoiding the payment of money or the loss of property , or obtaining business or personal advantage . ’
‘ business crime is an illegal act , punishable by a criminal sanction , which is committed by an individual or a corporation in the course of a legitimate occupation or pursuit in the industrial or commercial sector for the purpose of [getting] money or property , avoiding the payment of money or the loss of property , or [getting] business or personal advantage . ’

Ironically , Mrs Neil Lyndon has now revealed she was abandoned by her husband last year and only managed to receive child support for their six-year-old son by obtaining a court order .
ironically , mrs neil lyndon has now revealed she was abandoned by her husband last year and only managed to receive child support for their six-year-old son by [getting] a court order .

If you have difficulty in obtaining the information you want then write to : or to .
if you have difficulty in [getting] the information you want then write to : or to .

If , as a returner , you prefer to remain as a second level nurse , there should be no problem in obtaining a place on a re-entry programme .
if , as a returner , you prefer to remain as a second level nurse , there should be no problem in [getting] a place on a re-entry programme .

Consequently there have been fewer serious efforts towards obtaining effective solutions .
consequently there have been fewer serious efforts towards [getting] effective solutions .

The Daily Mirror has been right all along in accusing Pakistani cricketers of obtaining extra swing over the years through illegally roughening one side of the ball by scratching it with fingernails or even ripping the red leather surface .
the daily mirror has been right all along in accusing pakistani cricketers of [getting] extra swing over the years through illegally roughening one side of the ball by scratching it with fingernails or even ripping the red leather surface .

However , the time lags involved in a relocation exercise — perhaps resulting from delays in obtaining and refurbishing new premises or from departments/sections moving at different times — can seriously affect recruitment and training plans .
however , the time lags involved in a relocation exercise — perhaps resulting from delays in [getting] and refurbishing new premises or from departments/sections moving at different times — can seriously affect recruitment and training plans .

They also cover the cost of obtaining new appliances such as cookers if the move necessitates a change from electricity to gas or vice versa .
they also cover the cost of [getting] new appliances such as cookers if the move necessitates a change from electricity to gas or vice versa .

To define law in terms of one means of obtaining conformity , especially when that means is a manifestation of one of the very phenomena that we are seeking to eliminate ( the use of force ) is to foreclose on other perhaps more defensible methods .
to define law in terms of one means of [getting] conformity , especially when that means is a manifestation of one of the very phenomena that we are seeking to eliminate ( the use of force ) is to foreclose on other perhaps more defensible methods .

Elderly people and their families who wish to ‘ go it alone , so far as obtaining outside help is concerned are , of course , quite at liberty to do so , and four of the large organisations who can give advice on a great variety of problems are :
elderly people and their families who wish to ‘ go it alone , so far as [getting] outside help is concerned are , of course , quite at liberty to do so , and four of the large organisations who can give advice on a great variety of problems are :

In order to avoid disappointment and the frustration of delays , it should be clearly understood from the outset that obtaining grants from local authorities is by no means an overnight business .
in order to avoid disappointment and the frustration of delays , it should be clearly understood from the outset that [getting] grants from local authorities is by no means an overnight business .

Obtaining the cuvée
[getting] the cuvée

Obtaining the taille
[getting] the taille

Obtaining the rebêche
[getting] the rebêche

In obtaining their target , Lancashire lost two wickets to the fast bowling of Hedley , who had match figures of 6 for 34 and was Somerset 's best bowler .
in [getting] their target , lancashire lost two wickets to the fast bowling of hedley , who had match figures of 6 for 34 and was somerset 's best bowler .

His own practice , as recorded in one of a series of articles which appeared in the Manchester Guardian in October and November 1930 * by one of the pupils who attended the evening classes he held there once a week between 1925 and 1927 , was from a drawing to make a careful sketch in various hades of one colour , obtaining in this way the construction of the picture and the suggestion for various tonal values .
his own practice , as recorded in one of a series of articles which appeared in the manchester guardian in october and november 1930 * by one of the pupils who attended the evening classes he held there once a week between 1925 and 1927 , was from a drawing to make a careful sketch in various hades of one colour , [getting] in this way the construction of the picture and the suggestion for various tonal values .

According to the Newcastle Commission of 1861 , the best means of obtaining that assurance was
according to the newcastle commission of 1861 , the best means of [getting] that assurance was

Do we have adequate means of obtaining reliable information about the performance of pupils in schools and , if not , what further measures are required ?
do we have adequate means of [getting] reliable information about the performance of pupils in schools and , if not , what further measures are required ?

La Fontaine ( 1988 , p.3 ) has also shown that while the British surveys she reviewed all used sample designs of the whole population ‘ they suffered from serious limitations [ and ] … there is evidence that the methods of obtaining information influence the reporting rate ’ .
la fontaine ( 1988 , p.3 ) has also shown that while the british surveys she reviewed all used sample designs of the whole population ‘ they suffered from serious limitations [ and ] … there is evidence that the methods of [getting] information influence the reporting rate ’ .

If we had no rights of participation in the subsequent investigation , we would have no reliable means of obtaining the information .
if we had no rights of participation in the subsequent investigation , we would have no reliable means of [getting] the information .

In his early years as Archbishop he succeeded in obtaining the appointment of a number of Reformers as bishops .
in his early years as archbishop he succeeded in [getting] the appointment of a number of reformers as bishops .

Even if the inspector were to back the roads package , however , difficulties in obtaining central government grants meant it was unlikely to start before 1996–7 at the earliest .
even if the inspector were to back the roads package , however , difficulties in [getting] central government grants meant it was unlikely to start before 1996–7 at the earliest .

Even if the inspector were to back the roads package , however , difficulties in obtaining central government grants meant it was unlikely to start before 1996–7 at the earliest .
even if the inspector were to back the roads package , however , difficulties in [getting] central government grants meant it was unlikely to start before 1996–7 at the earliest .

We may predict that there will be a close correlation between the strongest position in the most developed hierarchies and the best contacts for obtaining exotic goods .
we may predict that there will be a close correlation between the strongest position in the most developed hierarchies and the best contacts for [getting] exotic goods .

an unreasonable time limit — 48 hours — for the preparation of appeals , seriously limiting appellants ' chances of obtaining advice and representation ; and
an unreasonable time limit — 48 hours — for the preparation of appeals , seriously limiting appellants ' chances of [getting] advice and representation ; and

Should you encounter difficulty in obtaining items illustrated in this brochure please contact New World .
should you encounter difficulty in [getting] items illustrated in this brochure please contact new world .

Simply obtaining the optimal solution to a linear programming problem is often far from the end of the story .
simply [getting] the optimal solution to a linear programming problem is often far from the end of the story .

However , the art of sensitivity analysis is in finding methods of obtaining the optimal solution with less effort , in general , using the optimal tableau of the original problem as starting point .
however , the art of sensitivity analysis is in finding methods of [getting] the optimal solution with less effort , in general , using the optimal tableau of the original problem as starting point .

This is done by first obtaining an initial assignment as follows .
this is done by first [getting] an initial assignment as follows .

Obtaining a good history is the first step in the management . In this the aim is to find answers to the following questions :
[getting] a good history is the first step in the management . in this the aim is to find answers to the following questions :

High internal work motivation and satisfaction result from experiencing meaningfulness and responsibility from the work , and from obtaining knowledge about the actual results of the work activities .
high internal work motivation and satisfaction result from experiencing meaningfulness and responsibility from the work , and from [getting] knowledge about the actual results of the work activities .

They suggest that in many circumstances , and particularly more recently , the central problems facing management are not so much to do with control over labour but are much more to do with such matters as obtaining orders for products , getting the design right , innovating , and handling their relations with the capital market .
they suggest that in many circumstances , and particularly more recently , the central problems facing management are not so much to do with control over labour but are much more to do with such matters as [getting] orders for products , getting the design right , innovating , and handling their relations with the capital market .

To what extent might companies buy in maintenance from the machinery suppliers ; to what extent might workers become skilled at the repair and maintenance of particular machines rather than skilled at a particular aspect of a machine 's functioning , rather like the situation already obtaining with the repair and maintenance of household equipment such as washing machines , or office equipment such as photocopiers ; and to what extent might companies take over the training of skilled workers , giving them courses specifically suited to the requirements of their own production systems and certificating them within house ?
to what extent might companies buy in maintenance from the machinery suppliers ; to what extent might workers become skilled at the repair and maintenance of particular machines rather than skilled at a particular aspect of a machine 's functioning , rather like the situation already [getting] with the repair and maintenance of household equipment such as washing machines , or office equipment such as photocopiers ; and to what extent might companies take over the training of skilled workers , giving them courses specifically suited to the requirements of their own production systems and certificating them within house ?

But when the state collects taxes in order to provide some of its citizens with services which they were capable of obtaining for themselves it is perpetrating a grave act of injustice on the taxpayers .
but when the state collects taxes in order to provide some of its citizens with services which they were capable of [getting] for themselves it is perpetrating a grave act of injustice on the taxpayers .

The other serious difficulty which employers in other industries do not have to cope with is that of obtaining factual details about incidents which have taken place many miles from home .
the other serious difficulty which employers in other industries do not have to cope with is that of [getting] factual details about incidents which have taken place many miles from home .

Obtaining Credit
[getting] credit

Perhaps one of the least well understood aspects of trading is that of obtaining credit .
perhaps one of the least well understood aspects of trading is that of [getting] credit .

Instead of obtaining just one Volvo truck on credit , this type of arrangement allows the haulage company to purchase more than one item — say , three trucks — provided it keeps within the agreed ( budget ) limit under the credit agreement .
instead of [getting] just one volvo truck on credit , this type of arrangement allows the haulage company to purchase more than one item — say , three trucks — provided it keeps within the agreed ( budget ) limit under the credit agreement .

Without specialist financial advice , obtaining such a large amount ; of credit could prove foolhardy in the extreme .
without specialist financial advice , [getting] such a large amount ; of credit could prove foolhardy in the extreme .

There are three stages to successful debt collection : identification of the bad debt , obtaining a court judgment against the debtor and thirdly , enforcement of the judgment .
there are three stages to successful debt collection : identification of the bad debt , [getting] a court judgment against the debtor and thirdly , enforcement of the judgment .

obtaining a charging order
[getting] a charging order

obtaining a garnishee order
[getting] a garnishee order

obtaining an administration order .
[getting] an administration order .

Widdowson appealed against conviction on the technicality that obtaining hire-purchase did not amount to obtaining services .
widdowson appealed against conviction on the technicality that [getting] hire-purchase did not amount to [getting] services .

For the projected sales and costs ( budget ) in the forthcoming year , which need to be drawn up whether or not they are used for obtaining bank finance , the haulier could use the profit-and-loss budget form recommended by the Small Firms Service of the Department of Trade and Industry ( see below ) .
for the projected sales and costs ( budget ) in the forthcoming year , which need to be drawn up whether or not they are used for [getting] bank finance , the haulier could use the profit-and-loss budget form recommended by the small firms service of the department of trade and industry ( see below ) .

For many hauliers the idea of obtaining additional capital by way of a franchise payment is very appealing .
for many hauliers the idea of [getting] additional capital by way of a franchise payment is very appealing .

Difficulties in obtaining information legally was one major problem for the group .
difficulties in [getting] information legally was one major problem for the group .

He immediately insisted that Hank should tell his parents , and warned him of the evils of leaving school without succeeding in obtaining the magical Grade 12 , without which there was no hope , he insisted , of leading a normal life .
he immediately insisted that hank should tell his parents , and warned him of the evils of leaving school without succeeding in [getting] the magical grade 12 , without which there was no hope , he insisted , of leading a normal life .

Values obtaining south of the Humber — at least 5s .
values [getting] south of the humber — at least 5s .

In November of 1924 the House Committee submitted a special report to the Board concerning the difficulty of obtaining suitable nurses for the Poor Law Institution .
in november of 1924 the house committee submitted a special report to the board concerning the difficulty of [getting] suitable nurses for the poor law institution .

Other techniques are available for obtaining insights into people 's world-view and social relationships , and some will be briefly described here .
other techniques are available for [getting] insights into people 's world-view and social relationships , and some will be briefly described here .

If you have any queries or think that you may not be obtaining your full pension entitlement , you should contact your local Social Security office as soon as possible .
if you have any queries or think that you may not be [getting] your full pension entitlement , you should contact your local social security office as soon as possible .

When the psychologist Donald Griffin describes the ability of great tits and chickadees to obtain milk from bottles by ‘ pecking through their shiny coverings with the conscious intention of obtaining food ’ ( 1984 : 35 ) , it is obvious that were he not talking of a ‘ conscious intention ’ , in the normal human acceptation of the phrase , he would fail to arouse the average reader 's curiosity and sympathies .
when the psychologist donald griffin describes the ability of great tits and chickadees to obtain milk from bottles by ‘ pecking through their shiny coverings with the conscious intention of [getting] food ’ ( 1984 : 35 ) , it is obvious that were he not talking of a ‘ conscious intention ’ , in the normal human acceptation of the phrase , he would fail to arouse the average reader 's curiosity and sympathies .

Family rules and strategies of obtaining help often need to be made clear .
family rules and strategies of [getting] help often need to be made clear .

The pro-reformers were more aware of the necessity of obtaining modern technology , assistance and financial aid to realise the four modernisations .
the pro-reformers were more aware of the necessity of [getting] modern technology , assistance and financial aid to realise the four modernisations .

So-called ‘ ten thousand yuan households ’ , referring to the high incomes some farmers were now obtaining , were well-publicised and instead of being labelled as ‘ capitalist exploiters ’ were held up as models for emulation in the changing rural economic environment .
so-called ‘ ten thousand yuan households ’ , referring to the high incomes some farmers were now [getting] , were well-publicised and instead of being labelled as ‘ capitalist exploiters ’ were held up as models for emulation in the changing rural economic environment .

Diagnosis may facilitate communication among professionals in obtaining an appropriate placement for a child .
diagnosis may facilitate communication among professionals in [getting] an appropriate placement for a child .

Similarly , a child who has been receiving some form of individual help from a clinician , teacher or parent , might be expected to show the effects of that treatment and a comparison of changes over time on the basis of formal assessments would be an appropriate way of obtaining relevant information .
similarly , a child who has been receiving some form of individual help from a clinician , teacher or parent , might be expected to show the effects of that treatment and a comparison of changes over time on the basis of formal assessments would be an appropriate way of [getting] relevant information .

Any inferences regarding the applic-ability of the assessment information to other settings will be based upon the notion of generalisation — that is , an analysis of the inferred or observed similarities between the stimulus conditions obtaining in the assessment procedure and those which are present in other naturally occurring settings .
any inferences regarding the applic-ability of the assessment information to other settings will be based upon the notion of generalisation — that is , an analysis of the inferred or observed similarities between the stimulus conditions [getting] in the assessment procedure and those which are present in other naturally occurring settings .

Thus , while Tough 's work may provide some interesting ideas for dealing with functional aspects of spontaneous speech , it may be less than entirely satisfactory as a means of obtaining reliable and objective assessment information .
thus , while tough 's work may provide some interesting ideas for dealing with functional aspects of spontaneous speech , it may be less than entirely satisfactory as a means of [getting] reliable and objective assessment information .

Problems may arise with obtaining written instructions for the lace carriage and motif cams .
problems may arise with [getting] written instructions for the lace carriage and motif cams .

Critics of Fiat therefore argued that its bid could be seen as a defensive move to improve its domestic position and , perhaps more importantly , to prevent a competitor from obtaining Italian production facilities , which in the long run could pose a threat to Fiat .
critics of fiat therefore argued that its bid could be seen as a defensive move to improve its domestic position and , perhaps more importantly , to prevent a competitor from [getting] italian production facilities , which in the long run could pose a threat to fiat .

This gives rise to the danger of what has become known as the two-thirds , one-third society in which the majority obtains secure well-paid full-time ‘ core ’ jobs and the minority become ‘ marginalised ’ , obtaining less well-paid , part-time , temporary , ‘ peripheral ’ jobs and hovering on the verge of poverty .
this gives rise to the danger of what has become known as the two-thirds , one-third society in which the majority obtains secure well-paid full-time ‘ core ’ jobs and the minority become ‘ marginalised ’ , [getting] less well-paid , part-time , temporary , ‘ peripheral ’ jobs and hovering on the verge of poverty .

Obtaining frankness within families about the feelings and expectations they have of each other can be mutually beneficial .
[getting] frankness within families about the feelings and expectations they have of each other can be mutually beneficial .

Even other professional groups , such as social workers , have traditionally adopted a passive , even a subservient role , more usually limited to obtaining client acceptance of medical decisions , helping clients come to terms with them , and finding meaning and satisfaction with what has led to their current situation and state of health .
even other professional groups , such as social workers , have traditionally adopted a passive , even a subservient role , more usually limited to [getting] client acceptance of medical decisions , helping clients come to terms with them , and finding meaning and satisfaction with what has led to their current situation and state of health .

being disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle ( if of a certain class , state )
being disqualified for holding or [getting] a licence to drive a motor vehicle ( if of a certain class , state )

‘ being disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle ’ Disqualification means that the person disqualified must not , in Great Britain , drive on a road any motor vehicle .
‘ being disqualified for holding or [getting] a licence to drive a motor vehicle ’ disqualification means that the person disqualified must not , in great britain , drive on a road any motor vehicle .

‘ being disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle ’
‘ being disqualified for holding or [getting] a licence to drive a motor vehicle ’

is not a vehicle to which the Motor Vehicles ( Type Approval ) ( Great Britain ) Regulations 1979 applies but which is being driven from premises of the manufacturer by whom it was made , or of a distributor of vehicles or dealer in vehicles , to premises of a distributor of or dealer in vehicles of the purchasers of the vehicle , or to premises of a person obtaining possession of the vehicle under a hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement .
is not a vehicle to which the motor vehicles ( type approval ) ( great britain ) regulations 1979 applies but which is being driven from premises of the manufacturer by whom it was made , or of a distributor of vehicles or dealer in vehicles , to premises of a distributor of or dealer in vehicles of the purchasers of the vehicle , or to premises of a person [getting] possession of the vehicle under a hiring agreement or hire-purchase agreement .

All sacrifices were intended as a means of obtaining the forgiveness of God .
all sacrifices were intended as a means of [getting] the forgiveness of god .

Mark dealt with mice by obtaining an official issue of cats .
mark dealt with mice by [getting] an official issue of cats .

‘ Our review consisted principally of obtaining an understanding of the process involved in the preparation of the information , applying analytical procedures to financial data , and making enquiries of group management responsible for financial and accounting matters .
‘ our review consisted principally of [getting] an understanding of the process involved in the preparation of the information , applying analytical procedures to financial data , and making enquiries of group management responsible for financial and accounting matters .

Some companies believe in obtaining information direct from other businesses and are willing to disclose it themselves .
some companies believe in [getting] information direct from other businesses and are willing to disclose it themselves .

Obtaining any professional qualification requires not only vocation and commitment , but also great investment in both personal and financial terms .
[getting] any professional qualification requires not only vocation and commitment , but also great investment in both personal and financial terms .

There are three common means of obtaining a reliable measure .
there are three common means of [getting] a reliable measure .

Tomkins made no major acquisitions during 1991/92 , and therefore decided that this was an ideal opportunity ‘ to ensure that we are obtaining the best quality audit worldwide , consistent with a justifiable level of cost ’ .
tomkins made no major acquisitions during 1991/92 , and therefore decided that this was an ideal opportunity ‘ to ensure that we are [getting] the best quality audit worldwide , consistent with a justifiable level of cost ’ .

Ltd. , a powerful group controlling many tramway systems throughout the country , were thwarted by an injunction from obtaining control of the Croydon Tramway Co. at the turn of the century when electrification was first proposed .
ltd. , a powerful group controlling many tramway systems throughout the country , were thwarted by an injunction from [getting] control of the croydon tramway co. at the turn of the century when electrification was first proposed .

At this late stage , with the time before 1 January as easy to count in days as in weeks , businesses should now be obtaining the last elements of these details .
at this late stage , with the time before 1 january as easy to count in days as in weeks , businesses should now be [getting] the last elements of these details .

Boljesic , from Stuttgart , Germany , had been released on bail earlier this month charged with theft , obtaining property by deception and handling stolen goods .
boljesic , from stuttgart , germany , had been released on bail earlier this month charged with theft , [getting] property by deception and handling stolen goods .

Boljesic , from Stuttgart , Germany , had been released on bail earlier this month charged with theft , obtaining property by deception and handling stolen goods .
boljesic , from stuttgart , germany , had been released on bail earlier this month charged with theft , [getting] property by deception and handling stolen goods .

The formalities were gone through — including , in this case , the obtaining of a marriage licence ; the bachelor of St Ethelburga 's parish made an allegation that he knew of no lawful impediment why he should not marry the girl from St Dunstan 's in the West , and it was there that they became man and wife on 21 June 1799 .
the formalities were gone through — including , in this case , the [getting] of a marriage licence ; the bachelor of st ethelburga 's parish made an allegation that he knew of no lawful impediment why he should not marry the girl from st dunstan 's in the west , and it was there that they became man and wife on 21 june 1799 .

As with credit cards there is usually a 1.5 % fee for obtaining cash , but no fee is added for purchases .
as with credit cards there is usually a 1.5 % fee for [getting] cash , but no fee is added for purchases .

Some cash cards have special links with international networks and make no charge for obtaining cash .
some cash cards have special links with international networks and make no charge for [getting] cash .

If the courts were to limit the offences to circumstances in which another computer was also involved , there would be nothing in the Computer Misuse Act 1990 to cover industrial espionage or obtaining other confidential security information stored in a company 's computer .
if the courts were to limit the offences to circumstances in which another computer was also involved , there would be nothing in the computer misuse act 1990 to cover industrial espionage or [getting] other confidential security information stored in a company 's computer .

Previous in vitro attempts to investigate the role of thymic stromal cells in T-cell development have been hampered by the limited ability of monolayer cultures to support a full programme of T-cell maturation and by the difficulty of obtaining cultures of thymic epithelial cells that maintain their in vivo phenotype .
previous in vitro attempts to investigate the role of thymic stromal cells in t-cell development have been hampered by the limited ability of monolayer cultures to support a full programme of t-cell maturation and by the difficulty of [getting] cultures of thymic epithelial cells that maintain their in vivo phenotype .

Many will have committed sexual offences that other prisoners find abhorrent ; some will have been informers who helped the police in the hope of obtaining a shorter sentence and still others may have built up debts inside prison that they can not repay .
many will have committed sexual offences that other prisoners find abhorrent ; some will have been informers who helped the police in the hope of [getting] a shorter sentence and still others may have built up debts inside prison that they can not repay .

Second , and less obvious , was the diversion of resources from their ‘ proper ’ use of obtaining good food , to that of acquiring the drink .
second , and less obvious , was the diversion of resources from their ‘ proper ’ use of [getting] good food , to that of acquiring the drink .

Palm-greasing for just about anything from entry to a favoured school to obtaining a bank loan has been considered a fact of life .
palm-greasing for just about anything from entry to a favoured school to [getting] a bank loan has been considered a fact of life .

Many Scottish freeholders were involved in colonial trade and the plantation economy of the West Indies and , as might be expected , they saw their member of parliament 's influence in London as a route to obtaining the advantages which they desired in the colonies .
many scottish freeholders were involved in colonial trade and the plantation economy of the west indies and , as might be expected , they saw their member of parliament 's influence in london as a route to [getting] the advantages which they desired in the colonies .

The principal difficulty with an officer 's place in an East Indiaman was its insecurity and the difficulty of obtaining advancement in rank .
the principal difficulty with an officer 's place in an east indiaman was its insecurity and the difficulty of [getting] advancement in rank .

The young man 's brother wrote to Lord Panmure to see if David could make the best of the situation in which he found himself by obtaining a midshipman 's place .
the young man 's brother wrote to lord panmure to see if david could make the best of the situation in which he found himself by [getting] a midshipman 's place .

The Administration , moreover , while having the greatest influence in both judicial and church appointments , had sole control over a number of academic posts , which were also attractive to some of the freeholders , several of whom succeeded in obtaining university chairs .
the administration , moreover , while having the greatest influence in both judicial and church appointments , had sole control over a number of academic posts , which were also attractive to some of the freeholders , several of whom succeeded in [getting] university chairs .

When an energetic Government manager had successfully concentrated much of the available patronage in his hands throughout the country , the chance of obtaining very much without paying active court to the great man was slight .
when an energetic government manager had successfully concentrated much of the available patronage in his hands throughout the country , the chance of [getting] very much without paying active court to the great man was slight .

It is this persistent surplus , more than anything , that has provoked anger in Washington — and Mr Clinton 's remark that ‘ the possibility of obtaining real , even access to the Japanese market is somewhat remote ’ .
it is this persistent surplus , more than anything , that has provoked anger in washington — and mr clinton 's remark that ‘ the possibility of [getting] real , even access to the japanese market is somewhat remote ’ .

The team at Stone Lodge Park have experienced difficulties obtaining help with the metalling of the rods and bearings .
the team at stone lodge park have experienced difficulties [getting] help with the metalling of the rods and bearings .

It was difficult to conceive that an unequivocal relation obtaining between tactual impressions and visual ideas , or other factors subserving localisation , could have arisen without conscious direction , by way of purely physiological connection .
it was difficult to conceive that an unequivocal relation [getting] between tactual impressions and visual ideas , or other factors subserving localisation , could have arisen without conscious direction , by way of purely physiological connection .

With passenger figures for 1992 up 66% on the previous year following the reopening of the railway from Bitton to Oldland Common , the £30,000 legal costs of obtaining the Light Railway Order have been all but cleared , and now a £10,000 loan has been taken out to purchase half-a-mile of rail which will be used to relay the former Midland Railway line south towards Bath — the flat-bottom rail being laid on concrete sleepers already in store at Bitton Station .
with passenger figures for 1992 up 66% on the previous year following the reopening of the railway from bitton to oldland common , the £30,000 legal costs of [getting] the light railway order have been all but cleared , and now a £10,000 loan has been taken out to purchase half-a-mile of rail which will be used to relay the former midland railway line south towards bath — the flat-bottom rail being laid on concrete sleepers already in store at bitton station .

Final negotiations for the purchase of Flying Scotsman 's spare tender have been complex and protracted , but have resulted in the Project obtaining the tender at an extremely attractive price .
final negotiations for the purchase of flying scotsman 's spare tender have been complex and protracted , but have resulted in the project [getting] the tender at an extremely attractive price .

While it survived , it served a useful function in obtaining agreement on some economic questions such as currency convertibility and capital transfers .
while it survived , it served a useful function in [getting] agreement on some economic questions such as currency convertibility and capital transfers .

Without doubt the water the brood fish are placed in is a vital factor in obtaining a spawning .
without doubt the water the brood fish are placed in is a vital factor in [getting] a spawning .

‘ The sole reason for this is that Philips lighting have been unable to increase production to match our orders due to difficulties in obtaining glass for the lamps .
‘ the sole reason for this is that philips lighting have been unable to increase production to match our orders due to difficulties in [getting] glass for the lamps .

Translating language meanings and obtaining the desired effect , i.e .
translating language meanings and [getting] the desired effect , i.e .

There is an inherent difficulty in that often the main dividend from a task analysis is from the act of obtaining it .
there is an inherent difficulty in that often the main dividend from a task analysis is from the act of [getting] it .

The survey is the most extensively used method of obtaining generalisations about people .
the survey is the most extensively used method of [getting] generalisations about people .

Firstly , employee referrals provide the cheapest method of obtaining labour .
firstly , employee referrals provide the cheapest method of [getting] labour .

For the more numerous , horizontally-structured unions in Britain of the craft-type which crossed industry lines their interest during the nineteenth century lay in obtaining uniformity of conditions for the particular occupation throughout the labour market .
for the more numerous , horizontally-structured unions in britain of the craft-type which crossed industry lines their interest during the nineteenth century lay in [getting] uniformity of conditions for the particular occupation throughout the labour market .

But by this time , the great loss of life , and the increasing difficulties in obtaining weapons and supplies , had sapped the will of the Russian troops to attack , and the situation drifted into stagnation .
but by this time , the great loss of life , and the increasing difficulties in [getting] weapons and supplies , had sapped the will of the russian troops to attack , and the situation drifted into stagnation .

Ceauşescu 's first contact with British statesmanship was through the interest that he had in obtaining British technology and the up-and-coming Antony Wedgwood-Benn had in selling it .
ceauşescu 's first contact with british statesmanship was through the interest that he had in [getting] british technology and the up-and-coming antony wedgwood-benn had in selling it .

10.7.10 The rights and licences hereby granted or agreed to be granted to a Non-academic Party pursuant to Clauses 10.7.2 b to 10.7.6 shall be exercisable on identical terms by any Related company of that Party for so long as it remains such , subject to the obtaining from such companies of suitable undertakings as to confidence and delivery up .
10.7.10 the rights and licences hereby granted or agreed to be granted to a non-academic party pursuant to clauses 10.7.2 b to 10.7.6 shall be exercisable on identical terms by any related company of that party for so long as it remains such , subject to the [getting] from such companies of suitable undertakings as to confidence and delivery up .

15.2 If a Party defaults in its obligation so as to jeopardise the objectives of the Project , and if the defaulting Party fails to cure its default within 60 days of a written request from the other Parties ( the Project Manager ) so to do , then the defaulting Party 's right to continue participating in the Project shall ( subject to the prior obtaining of any necessary consents from the Secretary of State ) be terminated .
15.2 if a party defaults in its obligation so as to jeopardise the objectives of the project , and if the defaulting party fails to cure its default within 60 days of a written request from the other parties ( the project manager ) so to do , then the defaulting party 's right to continue participating in the project shall ( subject to the prior [getting] of any necessary consents from the secretary of state ) be terminated .

6.1 The Publisher shall be responsible for obtaining permissions to reproduce illustrations photographs and other copyright material for use in the Work and the cost of such permissions shall be borne by the Proprietor .
6.1 the publisher shall be responsible for [getting] permissions to reproduce illustrations photographs and other copyright material for use in the work and the cost of such permissions shall be borne by the proprietor .

6.2 The Publisher shall be responsible for commissioning any artwork and obtaining stills shots from the video components of the Work for use in the preparation of the books components of the Work and the cost shall be borne by the Publisher .
6.2 the publisher shall be responsible for commissioning any artwork and [getting] stills shots from the video components of the work for use in the preparation of the books components of the work and the cost shall be borne by the publisher .

6.1 The Publisher shall be responsible for obtaining permissions to reproduce illustrations photographs and other copyright material for use in the Work and the cost of such permissions shall be borne by the Company .
6.1 the publisher shall be responsible for [getting] permissions to reproduce illustrations photographs and other copyright material for use in the work and the cost of such permissions shall be borne by the company .

Growing confrontation with political opponents rapidly became a method of obtaining much-needed publicity , once Rothermere 's support had evaporated .
growing confrontation with political opponents rapidly became a method of [getting] much-needed publicity , once rothermere 's support had evaporated .

Symbolics Inc , Concord , Massachusetts artificial intelligence pioneer warns that it is running out of cash and needs additional financing quickly : options include selling the company , obtaining additional financing and filing for bankruptcy protection .
symbolics inc , concord , massachusetts artificial intelligence pioneer warns that it is running out of cash and needs additional financing quickly : options include selling the company , [getting] additional financing and filing for bankruptcy protection .

So perhaps Mill 's claim is that the pleasurableness of life is all that matters but that this can not always be so well promoted by increasing the quantity of low level pleasure as by obtaining lesser amounts of high quality pleasure .
so perhaps mill 's claim is that the pleasurableness of life is all that matters but that this can not always be so well promoted by increasing the quantity of low level pleasure as by [getting] lesser amounts of high quality pleasure .

‘ At the end of a month-long dispute they succeeded in obtaining the contract for these jobs from the hospital administration and were consequently entitled to the wage guaranteed by the National Cleaners Contract ’ .
‘ at the end of a month-long dispute they succeeded in [getting] the contract for these jobs from the hospital administration and were consequently entitled to the wage guaranteed by the national cleaners contract ’ .

The situation was radically different from that obtaining at Powick .
the situation was radically different from that [getting] at powick .

The cases where there is the most sustained coverage are acquittals and yet obtaining an acquittal for this group of offences is a comparatively rare phenomenon , both as a proportion of cases reported in newspapers and what actually happens in the court .
the cases where there is the most sustained coverage are acquittals and yet [getting] an acquittal for this group of offences is a comparatively rare phenomenon , both as a proportion of cases reported in newspapers and what actually happens in the court .

It is understood that no specific target date has been identified for completion of the Heywood link , but a spokesperson for the borough planning department which was instrumental in obtaining funding for the project , pointed out that the grants negotiated are available for the next three years during which time the majority of restoration work must be completed .
it is understood that no specific target date has been identified for completion of the heywood link , but a spokesperson for the borough planning department which was instrumental in [getting] funding for the project , pointed out that the grants negotiated are available for the next three years during which time the majority of restoration work must be completed .

Indeed Adams ( 1985a ) states that there is a need for further research into ways of obtaining ‘ realistic and objective ’ pictures of the way that visually handicapped people see .
indeed adams ( 1985a ) states that there is a need for further research into ways of [getting] ‘ realistic and objective ’ pictures of the way that visually handicapped people see .

Obtaining the necessary , sometimes expensive , special equipment such as closed circuit television takes time and persistence .
[getting] the necessary , sometimes expensive , special equipment such as closed circuit television takes time and persistence .

The Hiatt-Thompson brochure was available to those visitors whose only interest was in obtaining products for North America .
the hiatt-thompson brochure was available to those visitors whose only interest was in [getting] products for north america .

It is advisable to make enquiries early on to be certain of obtaining a place .
it is advisable to make enquiries early on to be certain of [getting] a place .

Obtaining help and self-help
[getting] help and self-help

If you have trouble obtaining a reservation at a particular kennel , you can consider it a good sign .
if you have trouble [getting] a reservation at a particular kennel , you can consider it a good sign .

Regardless of their theoretical predilections , working definitions , and methods of obtaining data , all such approaches have the effect of hypostasizing something called ‘ aggression ’ .
regardless of their theoretical predilections , working definitions , and methods of [getting] data , all such approaches have the effect of hypostasizing something called ‘ aggression ’ .

What are the prospects of obtaining a quantum theory of gravity and of unifying it with the other three categories of interactions ?
what are the prospects of [getting] a quantum theory of gravity and of unifying it with the other three categories of interactions ?

The system must offer service-users assistance in applying for and obtaining financial entitlements in the form of income support and disability allowances
the system must offer service-users assistance in applying for and [getting] financial entitlements in the form of income support and disability allowances

In view of the fact that the methods of obtaining suitable labour may be time-consuming , it is preferable and more efficient to maintain a detailed register of labour-only sub-contractors . The register could be sub-divided into trades and provide details of : sub-contractor 's name , address and telephone number
in view of the fact that the methods of [getting] suitable labour may be time-consuming , it is preferable and more efficient to maintain a detailed register of labour-only sub-contractors . the register could be sub-divided into trades and provide details of : sub-contractor 's name , address and telephone number

When expending time and money on negotiations or investigations , some vendors attempt to use the developer 's expertise free of charge to obtain a valuation and appraisal of the development potential of their site , even to the extent of the developer obtaining the necessary planning approval and resolving technical problems .
when expending time and money on negotiations or investigations , some vendors attempt to use the developer 's expertise free of charge to obtain a valuation and appraisal of the development potential of their site , even to the extent of the developer [getting] the necessary planning approval and resolving technical problems .

The developer , whether obtaining land from a passive or active approach , will be committed to undertake an extensive and detailed market research appraisal and investigation of the site before proceeding to purchase .
the developer , whether [getting] land from a passive or active approach , will be committed to undertake an extensive and detailed market research appraisal and investigation of the site before proceeding to purchase .

Where the developer will be involved in a substantial commitment of time and resources in obtaining planning approval or resolving development problems , it is likely that the parties will enter into an option agreement or conditional contract .
where the developer will be involved in a substantial commitment of time and resources in [getting] planning approval or resolving development problems , it is likely that the parties will enter into an option agreement or conditional contract .

The deposit will be returned once the roads have been completed to the satisfaction of the local authority and adopted ; or ( b ) Entering into a section 38 agreement which will entail obtaining a road guarantee bond from a bank or insurance company .
the deposit will be returned once the roads have been completed to the satisfaction of the local authority and adopted ; or ( b ) entering into a section 38 agreement which will entail [getting] a road guarantee bond from a bank or insurance company .

It is useful to photograph the site from a variety of angles , obtaining views both into and out of the proposed development ; photographs often reveal factors overlooked at an initial inspection .
it is useful to photograph the site from a variety of angles , [getting] views both into and out of the proposed development ; photographs often reveal factors overlooked at an initial inspection .

Furthermore , where standard costs are used , they need to be reviewed frequently to ensure that they bear a reasonable relationship to actual costs obtaining during the period .
furthermore , where standard costs are used , they need to be reviewed frequently to ensure that they bear a reasonable relationship to actual costs [getting] during the period .

Wherever you spend your time , the most important thing to enquire about is the prospect of obtaining a seat after pupillage .
wherever you spend your time , the most important thing to enquire about is the prospect of [getting] a seat after pupillage .

The work involves the legal processes of obtaining probate of wills and the winding up of a deceased person 's affairs so that the wishes expressed in those wills may be carried out .
the work involves the legal processes of [getting] probate of wills and the winding up of a deceased person 's affairs so that the wishes expressed in those wills may be carried out .

In view of the difficulty of obtaining articles with a reasonable salary in private practice , the prospect of obtaining a salaried position and articles in the legal department of a company is attractive .
in view of the difficulty of [getting] articles with a reasonable salary in private practice , the prospect of [getting] a salaried position and articles in the legal department of a company is attractive .

Lawyers have been conspicuously successful in obtaining the top job of chief executive ( the former town clerk or county clerk ) .
lawyers have been conspicuously successful in [getting] the top job of chief executive ( the former town clerk or county clerk ) .

— For obtaining maximum effectiveness , the hair is covered by means of a cap , that is a plastic hat which covers the hair , or by means of a towel .
— for [getting] maximum effectiveness , the hair is covered by means of a cap , that is a plastic hat which covers the hair , or by means of a towel .

Survey methodology is a highly developed technique for obtaining a representative sample of opinions and attitudes from an enumerated population , but the interactive technique used in such surveys is designed to keep rapport at a moderate level and filter out all information that can not be coded in the scheme developed .
survey methodology is a highly developed technique for [getting] a representative sample of opinions and attitudes from an enumerated population , but the interactive technique used in such surveys is designed to keep rapport at a moderate level and filter out all information that can not be coded in the scheme developed .

The goals on which the comment in this section will concentrate are the major ones of ( a ) obtaining the range of social and demographic data which is needed to interpret the linguistic material and ( b ) stimulating large amounts of conversation with as little interference as possible from the observer .
the goals on which the comment in this section will concentrate are the major ones of ( a ) [getting] the range of social and demographic data which is needed to interpret the linguistic material and ( b ) stimulating large amounts of conversation with as little interference as possible from the observer .

We do , however , need to modify the force of this comment by noting that in Belfast no problem was experienced in obtaining plenty of recordings of sufficient technical quality to be analysable .
we do , however , need to modify the force of this comment by noting that in belfast no problem was experienced in [getting] plenty of recordings of sufficient technical quality to be analysable .

For practical reasons , fieldworkers adopted a policy in these cases of knocking at the door of the nearest house of a similar type ; since the survey was based on geographical area and housing type , this seemed a reasonable way of obtaining data from a range of addresses while conserving time and resources .
for practical reasons , fieldworkers adopted a policy in these cases of knocking at the door of the nearest house of a similar type ; since the survey was based on geographical area and housing type , this seemed a reasonable way of [getting] data from a range of addresses while conserving time and resources .

While pilot work is an important means of obtaining the information required for such an analysis , traditional ‘ guess and check ’ methods ( see 1.2.1 ) which draw on the skill and intuition of the analyst are also important .
while pilot work is an important means of [getting] the information required for such an analysis , traditional ‘ guess and check ’ methods ( see 1.2.1 ) which draw on the skill and intuition of the analyst are also important .

As we have seen , the difficulty often lies not in obtaining tokens of a variable , but in obtaining the full range of realizations associated with it .
as we have seen , the difficulty often lies not in [getting] tokens of a variable , but in [getting] the full range of realizations associated with it .

Although these broader issues spill over into the whole question of extending the notion of the sociolinguistic variable into the domain of syntactic analysis , they are relevant to data collection because they often entail difficulties in obtaining sufficient quantities of a specific type of data .
although these broader issues spill over into the whole question of extending the notion of the sociolinguistic variable into the domain of syntactic analysis , they are relevant to data collection because they often entail difficulties in [getting] sufficient quantities of a specific type of data .

Other delays in obtaining access to the goods are caused by the importers ' need to produce an ever increasing number of documents .
other delays in [getting] access to the goods are caused by the importers ' need to produce an ever increasing number of documents .

In these jurisdictions , carriers who deliver goods to consignees of straight bills of lading without obtaining the bills of lading from these consignees risk liability to subsequent transferees of these bills .
in these jurisdictions , carriers who deliver goods to consignees of straight bills of lading without [getting] the bills of lading from these consignees risk liability to subsequent transferees of these bills .

Finally , has the substantial expansion of educational provision increased the chances of working-class youth , relative to those of other young people , of obtaining positions at the top end of the occupational ladder ?
finally , has the substantial expansion of educational provision increased the chances of working-class youth , relative to those of other young people , of [getting] positions at the top end of the occupational ladder ?

The obtaining of access and maintenance of rights of way over Pennine moorlands , particularly in the Peak District , was fundamental to their activities .
the [getting] of access and maintenance of rights of way over pennine moorlands , particularly in the peak district , was fundamental to their activities .

Such calculations are difficult , due to difficulties in obtaining data on income or wealth distribution among age groups , and this aspect of distribution has received little study .
such calculations are difficult , due to difficulties in [getting] data on income or wealth distribution among age groups , and this aspect of distribution has received little study .

However , some of the sharpest effects are seen at the point where household formation takes place since that usually means obtaining a home of one 's own .
however , some of the sharpest effects are seen at the point where household formation takes place since that usually means [getting] a home of one 's own .

There are a number of small-scale studies by researchers , such as Beatrix Campbell ( 1984 ) and Paul Willis ( 1984 ) , that suggest that at least some young unemployed teenage girls see childbearing both as a method of obtaining fulfilment and a purpose to life since the usual source , that of paid work , is not available to them , and also as the only means of obtaining a home of their own .
there are a number of small-scale studies by researchers , such as beatrix campbell ( 1984 ) and paul willis ( 1984 ) , that suggest that at least some young unemployed teenage girls see childbearing both as a method of [getting] fulfilment and a purpose to life since the usual source , that of paid work , is not available to them , and also as the only means of [getting] a home of their own .

On that occasion we lost no time in speeding over to the courts , finding a judge , and obtaining an injunction almost at once .
on that occasion we lost no time in speeding over to the courts , finding a judge , and [getting] an injunction almost at once .

Technological change in agriculture has increased the importance of obtaining the loyalty of the farm worker rather than relying upon a disciplined and authoritarian regime .
technological change in agriculture has increased the importance of [getting] the loyalty of the farm worker rather than relying upon a disciplined and authoritarian regime .

It is widely accepted that attempts to apply the concession theory in modern conditions are inapposite : there is no longer any ‘ privilege ’ involved in obtaining corporate status and the source of companies ' ’ economic energy ’ undoubtedly lies in individual initiative and not in the state .
it is widely accepted that attempts to apply the concession theory in modern conditions are inapposite : there is no longer any ‘ privilege ’ involved in [getting] corporate status and the source of companies ' ’ economic energy ’ undoubtedly lies in individual initiative and not in the state .

It is true that the shareholders would make an impact if they were to agree to vote in the same way , but this will usually involve the costs of educating and obtaining the co-operation of other shareholders being borne by individual activist members , and these are likely to outweigh the benefits that will be captured by them , since any increase in the value of the company attributable to intervention will be distributed among the shareholders as a whole .
it is true that the shareholders would make an impact if they were to agree to vote in the same way , but this will usually involve the costs of educating and [getting] the co-operation of other shareholders being borne by individual activist members , and these are likely to outweigh the benefits that will be captured by them , since any increase in the value of the company attributable to intervention will be distributed among the shareholders as a whole .

In other words , while the court would not have imposed liability in respect of the decision itself ( except if it had been perverse ) failure to go through the preliminary steps of obtaining essential information could have grounded liability .
in other words , while the court would not have imposed liability in respect of the decision itself ( except if it had been perverse ) failure to go through the preliminary steps of [getting] essential information could have grounded liability .

These musicians take pride in keeping abreast of new developments by attending courses and obtaining certificates or external diplomas from musical institutions .
these musicians take pride in keeping abreast of new developments by attending courses and [getting] certificates or external diplomas from musical institutions .

What chances there are of the underclass obtaining any work are largely confined to this secondary and flexible labour market , and that part which is characterized by less security of employment , low pay and little or no pension or fringe benefits .
what chances there are of the underclass [getting] any work are largely confined to this secondary and flexible labour market , and that part which is characterized by less security of employment , low pay and little or no pension or fringe benefits .

Otherwise , the fieldwork strategy in large-scale quantitative studies must be broadly the same as that of Labov : we need to go as far as possible in obtaining casual styles from informants and to develop ways of distinguishing styles on a continuum from ‘ careful ’ to ‘ casual ’ style .
otherwise , the fieldwork strategy in large-scale quantitative studies must be broadly the same as that of labov : we need to go as far as possible in [getting] casual styles from informants and to develop ways of distinguishing styles on a continuum from ‘ careful ’ to ‘ casual ’ style .

Education is also one of the best tools for reducing resistance and obtaining commitment to a change .
education is also one of the best tools for reducing resistance and [getting] commitment to a change .

Membership of the YCs is not just a matter of obtaining an ordinary social life .
membership of the ycs is not just a matter of [getting] an ordinary social life .

Compensation is payable if the tenant is precluded from obtaining a new tenancy on ground ( c ) , ( d ) or ( e ) .
compensation is payable if the tenant is precluded from [getting] a new tenancy on ground ( c ) , ( d ) or ( e ) .

Cultural capital is based on time invested in obtaining certain kinds of knowledge .
cultural capital is based on time invested in [getting] certain kinds of knowledge .

Although Distinction is surely the most significant contribution to the study of consumption made by any anthropologist , and one of the major resources for obtaining a better understanding of our own culture , there are certain important limitations to the work .
although distinction is surely the most significant contribution to the study of consumption made by any anthropologist , and one of the major resources for [getting] a better understanding of our own culture , there are certain important limitations to the work .

The process includes asking the originator to describe the idea , obtaining the reasons for his or her belief of its potential value to the company , and discussing the degree to which technical and marketing concerns have been addressed .
the process includes asking the originator to describe the idea , [getting] the reasons for his or her belief of its potential value to the company , and discussing the degree to which technical and marketing concerns have been addressed .

The main method of obtaining rights was through inheritance , but the operation of inheritance systems varied : in Polynesia and mainland New Guinea it was predominantly patrilineal ; in Micronesia it was predominantly matrilineal ; and in Melanesia outside New Guinea there were both matrilineal and patrilineal systems , as well as others that were either ambilineal or bilineal .
the main method of [getting] rights was through inheritance , but the operation of inheritance systems varied : in polynesia and mainland new guinea it was predominantly patrilineal ; in micronesia it was predominantly matrilineal ; and in melanesia outside new guinea there were both matrilineal and patrilineal systems , as well as others that were either ambilineal or bilineal .

Small groups of men at Bristol or Glasgow might succeed in obtaining advances in wages ; more often than not their efforts were countered by the employers and it was noted by the Board of Trade that disputes ended when `` crews were obtained elsewhere `` or `` seamen were replaced by others at a reduced rate `` . ``
small groups of men at bristol or glasgow might succeed in [getting] advances in wages ; more often than not their efforts were countered by the employers and it was noted by the board of trade that disputes ended when `` crews were obtained elsewhere `` or `` seamen were replaced by others at a reduced rate `` . ``

It has frequently been argued that temporary jobs , although possibly less desirable than permanent jobs , do provide a form of work for otherwise unemployed people and , furthermore , one that enhances their chances of subsequently obtaining permanent jobs ( Syrett , 1985 ) .
it has frequently been argued that temporary jobs , although possibly less desirable than permanent jobs , do provide a form of work for otherwise unemployed people and , furthermore , one that enhances their chances of subsequently [getting] permanent jobs ( syrett , 1985 ) .

The simplest check on internal geometry is made ( as described in Chapter 6 ) by obtaining the primary silhouettes in the three orthogonal directions .
the simplest check on internal geometry is made ( as described in chapter 6 ) by [getting] the primary silhouettes in the three orthogonal directions .

To rely solely on late revision has been proved quite ineffectual as a means of obtaining acceptable results in an examination .
to rely solely on late revision has been proved quite ineffectual as a means of [getting] acceptable results in an examination .

You may not be applying the techniques necessary to take advantage of this opportunity of obtaining wisdom as well as information .
you may not be applying the techniques necessary to take advantage of this opportunity of [getting] wisdom as well as information .

( 4 ) obtaining familiarity with the types of question which have been consistently set in the past , and making a tentative guess at the likely questions for your examination .
( 4 ) [getting] familiarity with the types of question which have been consistently set in the past , and making a tentative guess at the likely questions for your examination .

‘ Subject to the provisions of this Act , no action shall be brought to recover any costs due to a solicitor before the expiration of one month from the date on which a bill of those costs is delivered in accordance with the requirements mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ; but if there is probable cause for believing that the party chargeable with the costs — ( a ) is about to quit England and Wales , to become bankrupt or to compound with his creditors , or ( b ) is about to do any other act which would tend to prevent or delay the solicitor obtaining payment , the High Court may , notwithstanding that one month has not expired from the delivery of the bill , order that the solicitor be at liberty to commence an action to recover his costs and may order that those costs be taxed .
‘ subject to the provisions of this act , no action shall be brought to recover any costs due to a solicitor before the expiration of one month from the date on which a bill of those costs is delivered in accordance with the requirements mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ; but if there is probable cause for believing that the party chargeable with the costs — ( a ) is about to quit england and wales , to become bankrupt or to compound with his creditors , or ( b ) is about to do any other act which would tend to prevent or delay the solicitor [getting] payment , the high court may , notwithstanding that one month has not expired from the delivery of the bill , order that the solicitor be at liberty to commence an action to recover his costs and may order that those costs be taxed .

Our attempts at determining both the electric field strength and the potential have started with considering the effect of a single point charge and have been followed by an integration for obtaining the total effect of the infinitely long line charge .
our attempts at determining both the electric field strength and the potential have started with considering the effect of a single point charge and have been followed by an integration for [getting] the total effect of the infinitely long line charge .

Crime — Theft — Dishonest appropriation — Shop employee by deceit obtaining authority to supply customer with goods against stolen cheques — Employee knowing that cheques stolen — Whether ‘ appropriation ’ — Theft Act 1968 ( c. 60 ) , ss. 1(1) , 3(1)
crime — theft — dishonest appropriation — shop employee by deceit [getting] authority to supply customer with goods against stolen cheques — employee knowing that cheques stolen — whether ‘ appropriation ’ — theft act 1968 ( c. 60 ) , ss. 1(1) , 3(1)

Under the law before 1968 the facts of this case would have led to charges , to which there would have been no defence , of obtaining goods by false pretences .
under the law before 1968 the facts of this case would have led to charges , to which there would have been no defence , of [getting] goods by false pretences .

Since the passing of the Theft Act 1968 the accused could equally well have been prosecuted successfully for obtaining property by deception contrary to section 15 of the Act .
since the passing of the theft act 1968 the accused could equally well have been prosecuted successfully for [getting] property by deception contrary to section 15 of the act .

Indeed , if the seller 's consent could have been vitiated in that way , Parliament would never have needed to create the statutory offence of obtaining by false pretences .
indeed , if the seller 's consent could have been vitiated in that way , parliament would never have needed to create the statutory offence of [getting] by false pretences .

He also pointed out the amendment in section 26 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991 ( effective from 1 October 1992 ) reducing the maximum term of imprisonment for theft from ten to seven years , thereby distinguishing theft from obtaining by deception , the maximum term for which remains at ten years .
he also pointed out the amendment in section 26 of the criminal justice act 1991 ( effective from 1 october 1992 ) reducing the maximum term of imprisonment for theft from ten to seven years , thereby distinguishing theft from [getting] by deception , the maximum term for which remains at ten years .

‘ In addition to the division of misappropriation into three main offences the distinction between larceny and obtaining by false pretences contrary to [ the Larceny Act 1916 , section ] 32 is sometimes very subtle .
‘ in addition to the division of misappropriation into three main offences the distinction between larceny and [getting] by false pretences contrary to [ the larceny act 1916 , section ] 32 is sometimes very subtle .

The sub-committee [ see paragraph 1 ] for a considerable time proposed that the general offence of theft should be made to cover the present offence of obtaining by false pretences under [ the Larceny Act 1916 , section ] 32 ( 1 ) .
the sub-committee [ see paragraph 1 ] for a considerable time proposed that the general offence of theft should be made to cover the present offence of [getting] by false pretences under [ the larceny act 1916 , section ] 32 ( 1 ) .

Obtaining by false pretences is ordinarily thought of as different from theft , because in the former the owner in fact consents to part with his ownership ; a bogus beggar is regarded as a rogue but not as a thief , and so are his less petty counterparts .
[getting] by false pretences is ordinarily thought of as different from theft , because in the former the owner in fact consents to part with his ownership ; a bogus beggar is regarded as a rogue but not as a thief , and so are his less petty counterparts .

The unnaturalness of including obtaining by false pretences in theft is emphasized by the difficulty of drafting a satisfactory definition to cover both kinds of conduct .
the unnaturalness of including [getting] by false pretences in theft is emphasized by the difficulty of drafting a satisfactory definition to cover both kinds of conduct .

Paragraph 38 shows that the committee considered the idea , once recommended by Sir James Fitzjames Stephen , of making ‘ theft ’ cover the offence of obtaining by false pretences .
paragraph 38 shows that the committee considered the idea , once recommended by sir james fitzjames stephen , of making ‘ theft ’ cover the offence of [getting] by false pretences .

The committee 's philosophy with regard to obtaining by false pretences and its near relation , larceny by a trick , is expounded in paragraphs 86 to 90 of the report .
the committee 's philosophy with regard to [getting] by false pretences and its near relation , larceny by a trick , is expounded in paragraphs 86 to 90 of the report .

Again , the former offences of larceny by a trick and obtaining property by false pretences , though technically distinct offences under the old law , both involved what in one sense could be described as ‘ consent ’ by the victim .
again , the former offences of larceny by a trick and [getting] property by false pretences , though technically distinct offences under the old law , both involved what in one sense could be described as ‘ consent ’ by the victim .

It applies equally to what would once have been obtaining by false pretences , if , as is here the case , the requirements of section 1 ( 1 ) are also satisfied .
it applies equally to what would once have been [getting] by false pretences , if , as is here the case , the requirements of section 1 ( 1 ) are also satisfied .

The alternative , however , involves the writing back into section 1 ( 1 ) of words which the legislature , no doubt deliberately , omitted , and the re-introduction into the criminal law of the distinction between larceny by a trick and obtaining by false pretences .
the alternative , however , involves the writing back into section 1 ( 1 ) of words which the legislature , no doubt deliberately , omitted , and the re-introduction into the criminal law of the distinction between larceny by a trick and [getting] by false pretences .

The Court of Appeal in that case thought that the distinction between larceny by a trick and obtaining by false pretences depended on the presence in the Larceny Act of the words ‘ without the consent of the owner , ’ and , as these words do not appear in the definition of theft , the distinction is gone ; all cases of obtaining by deception , contrary to section 15 , are also theft .
the court of appeal in that case thought that the distinction between larceny by a trick and [getting] by false pretences depended on the presence in the larceny act of the words ‘ without the consent of the owner , ’ and , as these words do not appear in the definition of theft , the distinction is gone ; all cases of [getting] by deception , contrary to section 15 , are also theft .

Not only can the more elongated whelks withdraw further into their shells , sometimes disappearing completely from view , but also the narrow aperture prevents a crab from obtaining a satisfactory purchase on the lip with its chela ( Vermeij , 1974 ; Hughes and Elner , 1979 ) .
not only can the more elongated whelks withdraw further into their shells , sometimes disappearing completely from view , but also the narrow aperture prevents a crab from [getting] a satisfactory purchase on the lip with its chela ( vermeij , 1974 ; hughes and elner , 1979 ) .

It was essential to prevent the enemy obtaining harquebuses or cannon .
it was essential to prevent the enemy [getting] harquebuses or cannon .

In short obtaining an expected response may be the reinforcement required to shape the experimenter 's pattern of unintentional cueing .
in short [getting] an expected response may be the reinforcement required to shape the experimenter 's pattern of unintentional cueing .

In the first case , the appellant was a serving police officer who was charged with obtaining property by deception .
in the first case , the appellant was a serving police officer who was charged with [getting] property by deception .

Their economic position will directly affect their chances of obtaining those things defined as desirable in their society , for example access to higher education and good quality housing .
their economic position will directly affect their chances of [getting] those things defined as desirable in their society , for example access to higher education and good quality housing .

The first section contains a valuable discussion of synthetic approaches and general strategies for obtaining macrocyclic ligands .
the first section contains a valuable discussion of synthetic approaches and general strategies for [getting] macrocyclic ligands .

These can give people who have to live in certain remote locations a slightly better chance of obtaining appropriate accommodation .
these can give people who have to live in certain remote locations a slightly better chance of [getting] appropriate accommodation .

Applicants do not necessarily know the relative lengths of queues or their chances of obtaining housing in one sub-district rather than another .
applicants do not necessarily know the relative lengths of queues or their chances of [getting] housing in one sub-district rather than another .

Applicants clearly have a better chance of obtaining accommodation quickly if willing to accept a dwelling in one of the main settlements , and this in turn may be detrimental and cause long journeys to work .
applicants clearly have a better chance of [getting] accommodation quickly if willing to accept a dwelling in one of the main settlements , and this in turn may be detrimental and cause long journeys to work .

They represent a potentially very important method of providing good rented or cheap owner-occupier housing in rural areas since they are an established medium for obtaining finance and for managing schemes .
they represent a potentially very important method of providing good rented or cheap owner-occupier housing in rural areas since they are an established medium for [getting] finance and for managing schemes .

There are still critics , however , who believe that only the more profitable routes will be retained in this system ; that it places too great a reliance upon operators identifying socially important routes , and seeking and obtaining subsidies to maintain them ; and that a piecemeal system will result .
there are still critics , however , who believe that only the more profitable routes will be retained in this system ; that it places too great a reliance upon operators identifying socially important routes , and seeking and [getting] subsidies to maintain them ; and that a piecemeal system will result .

Throughout the United States of America , this method of compensation relies on the victim bringing a civil action against the perpetrator and obtaining an order for damages which can then be recovered from the confiscated funds .
throughout the united states of america , this method of compensation relies on the victim bringing a civil action against the perpetrator and [getting] an order for damages which can then be recovered from the confiscated funds .

No doubt both the Department of Health and the Mental Health Act Commission will take notice of the Court 's opinion that the form for application for admission under section 2 ‘ does not direct the social worker 's attention to the desirability of obtaining a recommendation from a doctor who does know the past history , diagnosis and treatment of the patient and why it has not been practicable to do so .
no doubt both the department of health and the mental health act commission will take notice of the court 's opinion that the form for application for admission under section 2 ‘ does not direct the social worker 's attention to the desirability of [getting] a recommendation from a doctor who does know the past history , diagnosis and treatment of the patient and why it has not been practicable to do so .

The ‘ nationality ’ factor in early Elvis signified rather differently for British adolescents in the mid-1950s ; it was mediated through the image presented by the ‘ American South ’ within their national tradition , and , more widely , through the rather different gender , generational and class structures obtaining in Britain .
the ‘ nationality ’ factor in early elvis signified rather differently for british adolescents in the mid-1950s ; it was mediated through the image presented by the ‘ american south ’ within their national tradition , and , more widely , through the rather different gender , generational and class structures [getting] in britain .

These are examples of synchronic analysis : slicing through the relationships obtaining at any one time in the social-cultural formation .
these are examples of synchronic analysis : slicing through the relationships [getting] at any one time in the social-cultural formation .

In obtaining their most precious substances from remote environments the Danubian peasants were only following a pattern set long previously by Upper Palaeolithic man .
in [getting] their most precious substances from remote environments the danubian peasants were only following a pattern set long previously by upper palaeolithic man .

Exotic substances owed part of their prestige to their mere difference from ones available in the home environment , but even more to the fact that obtaining them from a distance might and in civilized societies normally did reflect the exercise of power .
exotic substances owed part of their prestige to their mere difference from ones available in the home environment , but even more to the fact that [getting] them from a distance might and in civilized societies normally did reflect the exercise of power .

Whereas the Europeans aimed first and foremost at obtaining more brilliant jewels , the Indians were evidently constrained by the requirement to conserve the maximum weight of diamond and therefore aimed to cut more numerous and shallower facets to form a more dome-like gem .
whereas the europeans aimed first and foremost at [getting] more brilliant jewels , the indians were evidently constrained by the requirement to conserve the maximum weight of diamond and therefore aimed to cut more numerous and shallower facets to form a more dome-like gem .

At a business seminar in Australia a few years ago , Kerry Packer described his method of obtaining loans : ‘ Make sure you get the bankers to come to your office .
at a business seminar in australia a few years ago , kerry packer described his method of [getting] loans : ‘ make sure you get the bankers to come to your office .

Sir , We have just encountered a problem with obtaining a book on a cash with order basis .
sir , we have just encountered a problem with [getting] a book on a cash with order basis .

It is annoying to have to spend extra money on postage for a small order , but even more annoying to experience considerable delay in obtaining the book for our customer .
it is annoying to have to spend extra money on postage for a small order , but even more annoying to experience considerable delay in [getting] the book for our customer .

However , under section 15 of the Trade Union and Labour Relations Act 1974 it is lawful for a person in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute to attend at or near his own place of work ‘ for the purpose only of peacefully obtaining or communicating information , or of peacefully persuading any person to work or abstain from working .
however , under section 15 of the trade union and labour relations act 1974 it is lawful for a person in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute to attend at or near his own place of work ‘ for the purpose only of peacefully [getting] or communicating information , or of peacefully persuading any person to work or abstain from working .

The social security system is , on the other hand , that obtaining throughout Great Britain .
the social security system is , on the other hand , that [getting] throughout great britain .

The new Bill reflects the dilemma over protecting the children , the difficulties in obtaining medical evidence to substantiate suspicions of abuse , and the need to meet demands for parental rights in the wake of the Cleveland affair .
the new bill reflects the dilemma over protecting the children , the difficulties in [getting] medical evidence to substantiate suspicions of abuse , and the need to meet demands for parental rights in the wake of the cleveland affair .

Finally , all the physically disabled , however seriously or slightly they are handicapped in obtaining education , work , financial security and so on , do have one need in common : the need for understanding and acceptance .
finally , all the physically disabled , however seriously or slightly they are handicapped in [getting] education , work , financial security and so on , do have one need in common : the need for understanding and acceptance .

The disabled face much frustration and discrimination in their lives and it is vitally important that they receive the maximum help through education , careers guidance , training and help with obtaining employment so that at least they have a real chance to find and keep satisfactory work .
the disabled face much frustration and discrimination in their lives and it is vitally important that they receive the maximum help through education , careers guidance , training and help with [getting] employment so that at least they have a real chance to find and keep satisfactory work .

Unemployment of registered disabled is always at a much higher rate than unemployment generally and so the recession has severely damaged the chances of large numbers of disabled people obtaining work .
unemployment of registered disabled is always at a much higher rate than unemployment generally and so the recession has severely damaged the chances of large numbers of disabled people [getting] work .

They included : keeping registers ; providing help to the handicapped in overcoming the effects of their disabilities and obtaining any available general , preventive or remedial medical treatment necessary ; advice and guidance to handicapped persons on personal problems and also on any relevant statutory or voluntary social services ; encouragement of handicapped people to take part in social activities ; and arrangements for voluntary visitors .
they included : keeping registers ; providing help to the handicapped in overcoming the effects of their disabilities and [getting] any available general , preventive or remedial medical treatment necessary ; advice and guidance to handicapped persons on personal problems and also on any relevant statutory or voluntary social services ; encouragement of handicapped people to take part in social activities ; and arrangements for voluntary visitors .

Cases range from the severely handicapped person who may be physically helpless and incapable of coherent speech , to the highly acceptable , responsible person , earning a living , looking after themselves , obtaining considerable enjoyment from life and from relationships but generally regarded as not very bright .
cases range from the severely handicapped person who may be physically helpless and incapable of coherent speech , to the highly acceptable , responsible person , earning a living , looking after themselves , [getting] considerable enjoyment from life and from relationships but generally regarded as not very bright .

Psychiatric social workers work with doctors , obtaining reports on the patients ' home situation and helping patients retain contact with the outside world .
psychiatric social workers work with doctors , [getting] reports on the patients ' home situation and helping patients retain contact with the outside world .

There have been problems , however , in obtaining a suitable cap that fits existing bottles : leakage and ‘ cap locking ’ have arrived .
there have been problems , however , in [getting] a suitable cap that fits existing bottles : leakage and ‘ cap locking ’ have arrived .

It also seems that psychiatrists are sometimes unaware of the difficulties that general practitioners may face in obtaining the information required .
it also seems that psychiatrists are sometimes unaware of the difficulties that general practitioners may face in [getting] the information required .

1820 Alter all the labour of `` obtaining pint and choppin standard measure out of Stirling castle , which have been proven & marked by the Dean of Guild of Stirling as correct , some of members of this meeting ventured to say that these jugs are composed of tin , and easily dimpled , whereas they are composed of the strongest sheet copper tinned within to prevent corrosion .
1820 alter all the labour of `` [getting] pint and choppin standard measure out of stirling castle , which have been proven & marked by the dean of guild of stirling as correct , some of members of this meeting ventured to say that these jugs are composed of tin , and easily dimpled , whereas they are composed of the strongest sheet copper tinned within to prevent corrosion .

That the Presbytery be requested to take this matter into their favourable consideration , pass their judgement thereon , transmit it to the proper quarter and in every way in their power forward the interests and wishes of the congregation towards obtaining the sanction of the General Assembly .
that the presbytery be requested to take this matter into their favourable consideration , pass their judgement thereon , transmit it to the proper quarter and in every way in their power forward the interests and wishes of the congregation towards [getting] the sanction of the general assembly .

This study has identified some areas in which adults with cystic fibrosis may need extra help , notably in obtaining school leaving qualifications and for young men to achieve independence .
this study has identified some areas in which adults with cystic fibrosis may need extra help , notably in [getting] school leaving qualifications and for young men to achieve independence .

For example , if a particular method of prevention ( or treatment ) is of uncertain value , there are many obstacles to be passed before the necessary research can be conducted , from seeking funds and securing the necessary collaboration to obtaining consent from many local research ethics committees .
for example , if a particular method of prevention ( or treatment ) is of uncertain value , there are many obstacles to be passed before the necessary research can be conducted , from seeking funds and securing the necessary collaboration to [getting] consent from many local research ethics committees .

In addition , obtaining study leave is either difficult or impossible .
in addition , [getting] study leave is either difficult or impossible .

The only way to solve the problem of obtaining precise dates is to devise methods of dating sites and finds accurately .
the only way to solve the problem of [getting] precise dates is to devise methods of dating sites and finds accurately .

No matter what the means of obtaining a date , care still has to be taken in assessing what it means .
no matter what the means of [getting] a date , care still has to be taken in assessing what it means .

Women have difficulty obtaining paid employment , not only of a high level of skill and wages , but of any sort at all .
women have difficulty [getting] paid employment , not only of a high level of skill and wages , but of any sort at all .

This ‘ home-centredness ’ is reflected in a strong emphasis placed on obtaining consumer durables , on an orientation to consumption .
this ‘ home-centredness ’ is reflected in a strong emphasis placed on [getting] consumer durables , on an orientation to consumption .

There are also powers to compel the attendance of witnesses by obtaining a witness order .
there are also powers to compel the attendance of witnesses by [getting] a witness order .

This can be done expeditiously , though initially the extension will probably only cover the obtaining of any necessary transcripts and a formal opinion of counsel on the likelihood of a successful appeal .
this can be done expeditiously , though initially the extension will probably only cover the [getting] of any necessary transcripts and a formal opinion of counsel on the likelihood of a successful appeal .

The English requirement of oral presentation of the whole of the case stands in marked contrast to the rules obtaining in other jurisdictions .
the english requirement of oral presentation of the whole of the case stands in marked contrast to the rules [getting] in other jurisdictions .

In civil cases a precondition to any appeal from the Court of Appeal to the House of Lords is the obtaining of leave from either the Court of Appeal or the Appeal Committee of the House of Lords , which consists of three Law Lords .
in civil cases a precondition to any appeal from the court of appeal to the house of lords is the [getting] of leave from either the court of appeal or the appeal committee of the house of lords , which consists of three law lords .

Although the procedures for obtaining and defending such writs often worked to the advantage of the church courts , prohibitions nevertheless constituted a serious threat to ecclesiastical jurisdiction .
although the procedures for [getting] and defending such writs often worked to the advantage of the church courts , prohibitions nevertheless constituted a serious threat to ecclesiastical jurisdiction .

All that we know for certain about his coronation oath is that he promised to preserve the laws of the realm unimpaired and to do nothing touching the dignity of the crown without first obtaining the consent of his prelates and chief magnates .
all that we know for certain about his coronation oath is that he promised to preserve the laws of the realm unimpaired and to do nothing touching the dignity of the crown without first [getting] the consent of his prelates and chief magnates .

We could call the former a realist position ; the realist believes that there are evidence-transcendent truths , truths whose obtaining lies beyond our powers of recognition .
we could call the former a realist position ; the realist believes that there are evidence-transcendent truths , truths whose [getting] lies beyond our powers of recognition .

Often these act as devices for obtaining the right to a longer turn , like a story .
often these act as devices for [getting] the right to a longer turn , like a story .

Showing over 100 planting schemes , including unusual and rare plants , the book also gives practical advice on obtaining similar displays .
showing over 100 planting schemes , including unusual and rare plants , the book also gives practical advice on [getting] similar displays .

The plaintiffs brought an action for damages against the defendants for , inter alia , conspiracy to defraud the plaintiffs by the obtaining of inflated fees and commission payments in respect of a number of property transactions conducted by the defendants on the plaintiffs ' behalf .
the plaintiffs brought an action for damages against the defendants for , inter alia , conspiracy to defraud the plaintiffs by the [getting] of inflated fees and commission payments in respect of a number of property transactions conducted by the defendants on the plaintiffs ' behalf .

‘ Following consultation with the Lord Chief Justice it has been agreed that the most satisfactory way of obtaining the judicial view is to ask the trial judge to write to me , through him , in every case where a discretionary life sentence is passed giving his view on the period necessary to meet the requirements of retribution and deterrence .
‘ following consultation with the lord chief justice it has been agreed that the most satisfactory way of [getting] the judicial view is to ask the trial judge to write to me , through him , in every case where a discretionary life sentence is passed giving his view on the period necessary to meet the requirements of retribution and deterrence .

As to conflict of interest , the judge held that the defendants had put themselves in a position where their self-interest in obtaining commission on both sales might ( not did ) conflict with their duty to the plaintiff .
as to conflict of interest , the judge held that the defendants had put themselves in a position where their self-interest in [getting] commission on both sales might ( not did ) conflict with their duty to the plaintiff .

‘ All costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised herein …
‘ all costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for [getting] payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised herein …

All that we are concerned to ensure is that the present applicants have a proper opportunity of obtaining the evidence they seek so that the grave allegations which they make — the very same allegations that troubled this court sufficiently to allow the appellant 's appeal — can be properly tested in the courts .
all that we are concerned to ensure is that the present applicants have a proper opportunity of [getting] the evidence they seek so that the grave allegations which they make — the very same allegations that troubled this court sufficiently to allow the appellant 's appeal — can be properly tested in the courts .

‘ ( 1 ) Any officer , servant or agent of the Bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by a person on whom a notice has been served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there the information or documents required by that notice and of exercising the powers conferred by subsection ( 5 ) of that section .
‘ ( 1 ) any officer , servant or agent of the bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by a person on whom a notice has been served under section 39 above for the purpose of [getting] there the information or documents required by that notice and of exercising the powers conferred by subsection ( 5 ) of that section .

( 2 ) Any officer , servant or agent of the Bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by any person on whom a notice could be served under section 39 above for the purpose of obtaining there such information or documents as are specified in the authority , being information or documents that could have been required by such a notice ; but the Bank shall not authorise any person to act under this subsection unless it has reasonable cause to believe that if such a notice were served it would not be complied with or that any documents to which it would relate would be removed , tampered with or destroyed .
( 2 ) any officer , servant or agent of the bank may , on producing if required evidence of his authority , enter any premises occupied by any person on whom a notice could be served under section 39 above for the purpose of [getting] there such information or documents as are specified in the authority , being information or documents that could have been required by such a notice ; but the bank shall not authorise any person to act under this subsection unless it has reasonable cause to believe that if such a notice were served it would not be complied with or that any documents to which it would relate would be removed , tampered with or destroyed .

Section 40 ( 1 ) allows the Bank of England 's officers to enter the premises of a person on whom a section 39 notice has been served for the purpose of obtaining the information or documents required , with no protection of reasonable excuse accorded to the person on whom the notice was served ; indeed any obstruction will , under subsection ( 3 ) , expose that person to the risk of prosecution .
section 40 ( 1 ) allows the bank of england 's officers to enter the premises of a person on whom a section 39 notice has been served for the purpose of [getting] the information or documents required , with no protection of reasonable excuse accorded to the person on whom the notice was served ; indeed any obstruction will , under subsection ( 3 ) , expose that person to the risk of prosecution .

‘ That was not a simple case of a husband obtaining a document from his wife ; it was also a case where the document had been obtained by a trustee from his cestui que trust by means of pressure and the concealment of material facts …
‘ that was not a simple case of a husband [getting] a document from his wife ; it was also a case where the document had been obtained by a trustee from his cestui que trust by means of pressure and the concealment of material facts …

But the fact is no lender can ever be absolutely sure that a guarantor is not being subject to pressure from the principal debtor , and to require him to do more than properly and fairly point out to the guarantor the desirability of obtaining independent advice , and to require the documents to be executed in the presence of a solicitor , is to put upon commercial lenders a burden which would severely handicap the carrying out of what is , after all , an extremely common transaction of everyday occurrence for banks and other commercial lenders .
but the fact is no lender can ever be absolutely sure that a guarantor is not being subject to pressure from the principal debtor , and to require him to do more than properly and fairly point out to the guarantor the desirability of [getting] independent advice , and to require the documents to be executed in the presence of a solicitor , is to put upon commercial lenders a burden which would severely handicap the carrying out of what is , after all , an extremely common transaction of everyday occurrence for banks and other commercial lenders .

v. Perry , the wife 's contention was that her husband , in obtaining her consent to the giving of the security , was acting as agent for the bank .
v. perry , the wife 's contention was that her husband , in [getting] her consent to the giving of the security , was acting as agent for the bank .

There was , therefore , in each case , material from which it was possible to infer that the principal debtor acted as the agent of the creditor in obtaining the security .
there was , therefore , in each case , material from which it was possible to infer that the principal debtor acted as the agent of the creditor in [getting] the security .

Those solicitors , in their turn , caused or thought that they had caused the documents to be dispatched direct to the father and the mother with a covering letter specifically directing attention to the desirability of obtaining independent legal advice .
those solicitors , in their turn , caused or thought that they had caused the documents to be dispatched direct to the father and the mother with a covering letter specifically directing attention to the desirability of [getting] independent legal advice .

‘ Assuming for the moment that Mr. Twycross was genuine in drafting his letters in these terms , then the mere writing of the letters denies the suggestion that Mr. Twycross ‘ left the obtaining of the signatures to the documents to the son .
‘ assuming for the moment that mr. twycross was genuine in drafting his letters in these terms , then the mere writing of the letters denies the suggestion that mr. twycross ‘ left the [getting] of the signatures to the documents to the son .

‘ Mrs. Perry contends that Mr. Colin Perry , in his dealings with her in relation to the execution of the charge , was acting as agent for the bank in obtaining Mrs. Perry 's consent to the giving of the security .
‘ mrs. perry contends that mr. colin perry , in his dealings with her in relation to the execution of the charge , was acting as agent for the bank in [getting] mrs. perry 's consent to the giving of the security .

Such balancing depends on the relationship between the importance to the liquidator of obtaining the information on the one hand and the degree of oppression to the person sought to be examined on the other .
such balancing depends on the relationship between the importance to the liquidator of [getting] the information on the one hand and the degree of oppression to the person sought to be examined on the other .

There is here an extraordinary and secret mode of obtaining information necessary for the proper conduct of the winding up .
there is here an extraordinary and secret mode of [getting] information necessary for the proper conduct of the winding up .

He pointed out that there would be nothing in the Act to meet what is itself a mischief frequently encountered today , namely , industrial espionage or obtaining information as to security details or other confidential information which may be stored on a company 's computer .
he pointed out that there would be nothing in the act to meet what is itself a mischief frequently encountered today , namely , industrial espionage or [getting] information as to security details or other confidential information which may be stored on a company 's computer .

Housing — Secure tenancy — Death of tenant — Tenant obtaining tenancy of council house 10 days before death — Tenant 's brother living with him in different council premises during 12 months prior to death — Whether brother ‘ resided with ’ deceased tenant so as to succeed to tenancy — Housing Act 1985 ( c. 68 ) , s. 87
housing — secure tenancy — death of tenant — tenant [getting] tenancy of council house 10 days before death — tenant 's brother living with him in different council premises during 12 months prior to death — whether brother ‘ resided with ’ deceased tenant so as to succeed to tenancy — housing act 1985 ( c. 68 ) , s. 87

When a tenant and a potential successor move from one council house to another the tenant does not lose the protection of a secure tenancy and there is no good reason why the potential successor should lose the protection which he has obtained or is in the course of obtaining under section 87 .
when a tenant and a potential successor move from one council house to another the tenant does not lose the protection of a secure tenancy and there is no good reason why the potential successor should lose the protection which he has obtained or is in the course of [getting] under section 87 .

Thus , in my judgment , the administration of the society 's business in the field of making advances includes , if necessary , obtaining a basic valuation from , if it so chooses , one of its employees .
thus , in my judgment , the administration of the society 's business in the field of making advances includes , if necessary , [getting] a basic valuation from , if it so chooses , one of its employees .

Crime — Theft — Obtaining pecuniary advantage by deception — Opportunity to earn remuneration in ‘ office or employment ’ — Whether including services by self-employed accountant — Theft Act 1968 ( c. 60 ) , s. 16(2) ( c )
crime — theft — [getting] pecuniary advantage by deception — opportunity to earn remuneration in ‘ office or employment ’ — whether including services by self-employed accountant — theft act 1968 ( c. 60 ) , s. 16(2) ( c )

He was acquitted , under count 6 , of obtaining pecuniary advantage by deception in the same terms as that laid under count 1 , save that the victim of the deception was said to be Mr. Hughes , and of two further counts of obtaining property by deception .
he was acquitted , under count 6 , of [getting] pecuniary advantage by deception in the same terms as that laid under count 1 , save that the victim of the deception was said to be mr. hughes , and of two further counts of [getting] property by deception .

Practice — Discovery — Privilege against self-incrimination — Action for damages for fraud and breach of trust — Plaintiffs obtaining order requiring defendants to disclose information and documents — Proviso prohibiting use of information in criminal proceedings — Defendants claiming privilege against self-incrimination — Whether proviso effective to protect defendants — Whether plaintiffs ' claim proprietary so as to defeat claim to privilege — Whether claim for infringement of rights pertaining to commercial information — Supreme Court Act 1981 ( c. 54 ) , s. 72
practice — discovery — privilege against self-incrimination — action for damages for fraud and breach of trust — plaintiffs [getting] order requiring defendants to disclose information and documents — proviso prohibiting use of information in criminal proceedings — defendants claiming privilege against self-incrimination — whether proviso effective to protect defendants — whether plaintiffs ' claim proprietary so as to defeat claim to privilege — whether claim for infringement of rights pertaining to commercial information — supreme court act 1981 ( c. 54 ) , s. 72

So if the plaintiffs can , without obtaining the bank statements and other documents held by Mr. Tully prove that he has embezzled money from Abbey and make him bankrupt , the plaintiffs can then discover the bank statements and other information they now seek .
so if the plaintiffs can , without [getting] the bank statements and other documents held by mr. tully prove that he has embezzled money from abbey and make him bankrupt , the plaintiffs can then discover the bank statements and other information they now seek .

The defendant , a bankrupt , was charged with obtaining property by deception , contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 by providing false information to a building society in order to obtain a mortgage .
the defendant , a bankrupt , was charged with [getting] property by deception , contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 by providing false information to a building society in order to obtain a mortgage .

On 18 February 1992 at the Crown Court at Snaresbrook , before Judge Rucker and a jury , the appellant , Yash Pal Kansal , was convicted of obtaining property by deception , contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 , of being a bankrupt and removing property , contrary to section 354 ( 2 ) of the Insolvency Act 1986 , and of being a bankrupt and failing to account for property , contrary to section 354 ( 3 ) of the Insolvency Act 1986 .
on 18 february 1992 at the crown court at snaresbrook , before judge rucker and a jury , the appellant , yash pal kansal , was convicted of [getting] property by deception , contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 , of being a bankrupt and removing property , contrary to section 354 ( 2 ) of the insolvency act 1986 , and of being a bankrupt and failing to account for property , contrary to section 354 ( 3 ) of the insolvency act 1986 .

Count 1 alleged the obtaining of property by deception contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 , the particulars being that on or about 16 March 1988 the appellant dishonestly obtained from the Halifax Building Society a cheque for £150,000 by falsely representing ( a ) that his basic annual income was £90,000 , ( b ) that he had never been bankrupt and did not have any judgment or proceedings for debt outstanding and ( c ) that he did not have any bank or other loans or charge/credit card debts .
count 1 alleged the [getting] of property by deception contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 , the particulars being that on or about 16 march 1988 the appellant dishonestly obtained from the halifax building society a cheque for £150,000 by falsely representing ( a ) that his basic annual income was £90,000 , ( b ) that he had never been bankrupt and did not have any judgment or proceedings for debt outstanding and ( c ) that he did not have any bank or other loans or charge/credit card debts .

In the present case the argument was at one stage canvassed that requesting the receipt with the consequent obtaining of fingerprints , should be regarded separately from the main issue , that it amounted to a separate trick within a trick .
in the present case the argument was at one stage canvassed that requesting the receipt with the consequent [getting] of fingerprints , should be regarded separately from the main issue , that it amounted to a separate trick within a trick .

But the Code will also apply where a suspect , not in detention , is being questioned about an offence by a police officer acting as a police officer for the purpose of obtaining evidence .
but the code will also apply where a suspect , not in detention , is being questioned about an offence by a police officer acting as a police officer for the purpose of [getting] evidence .

The possibility of obtaining damages from the state is particularly essential where , as in the present case , the full effect of Community provisions is conditional on the state taking certain action , and , in consequence , in the absence of such action being taken , individuals can not rely on the rights accorded to them by Community law before national courts .
the possibility of [getting] damages from the state is particularly essential where , as in the present case , the full effect of community provisions is conditional on the state taking certain action , and , in consequence , in the absence of such action being taken , individuals can not rely on the rights accorded to them by community law before national courts .

Where the court is satisfied that any improper solicitation has been used by or on behalf of a trustee in obtaining proxies or in procuring his appointment as trustee , it may order that no remuneration be allowed to the person by whom or on whose behalf the solicitation was exercised ( r 6.148 ( 1 ) ) .
where the court is satisfied that any improper solicitation has been used by or on behalf of a trustee in [getting] proxies or in procuring his appointment as trustee , it may order that no remuneration be allowed to the person by whom or on whose behalf the solicitation was exercised ( r 6.148 ( 1 ) ) .

If there are a number of nominations for the position of trustee , then a vote is taken in accordance with the rules as set in section 3 above but if there are three or more nominees , the chairman must continue taking votes until one nominee has a clear majority with the nominee obtaining the least support dropping out each time ( r 6.88(2) ) .
if there are a number of nominations for the position of trustee , then a vote is taken in accordance with the rules as set in section 3 above but if there are three or more nominees , the chairman must continue taking votes until one nominee has a clear majority with the nominee [getting] the least support dropping out each time ( r 6.88(2) ) .

( Other accounts suggest that Marenches probably had much less difficulty in obtaining the monarchs agreement than he maintains . )
( other accounts suggest that marenches probably had much less difficulty in [getting] the monarchs agreement than he maintains . )

The 10 % of the population who have addictive disease will always find methods of obtaining alcohol or will turn to use of other mood-altering chemicals .
the 10 % of the population who have addictive disease will always find methods of [getting] alcohol or will turn to use of other mood-altering chemicals .

Not obtaining addictive drugs or collecting prescriptions on behalf of the sufferer .
not [getting] addictive drugs or collecting prescriptions on behalf of the sufferer .

It is therefore possible to unwind the program that many times , obtaining a finite syntactic approximation which exhibits the same behaviour .
it is therefore possible to unwind the program that many times , [getting] a finite syntactic approximation which exhibits the same behaviour .

b ) collection and classification of information : One part of this process is the obtaining of information by Desk Research , which was described in Chapter 4 .
b ) collection and classification of information : one part of this process is the [getting] of information by desk research , which was described in chapter 4 .

As in all business calculations , the cost of obtaining such information needs to be balanced against its benefits , ( and against the consequences of limiting the search to a point where the forecaster does not know whether the information foregone is more or less than marginally useful ) .
as in all business calculations , the cost of [getting] such information needs to be balanced against its benefits , ( and against the consequences of limiting the search to a point where the forecaster does not know whether the information foregone is more or less than marginally useful ) .

But it also recognises a series of emotional and psychological needs concerned with bolstering self-image and obtaining self-respect relative to others .
but it also recognises a series of emotional and psychological needs concerned with bolstering self-image and [getting] self-respect relative to others .

’ Where the applicant has made repeated unsuccessful requests he may wish to know why he is not obtaining the licence .
’ where the applicant has made repeated unsuccessful requests he may wish to know why he is not [getting] the licence .

Since every organization is made up of a number of different groups of employees , the question of collaboration between groups is vital for obtaining an overall balance in the social system .
since every organization is made up of a number of different groups of employees , the question of collaboration between groups is vital for [getting] an overall balance in the social system .

Like many other information sources , break-even analysis should preferably be used as one of several devices for obtaining an accurate picture of the business .
like many other information sources , break-even analysis should preferably be used as one of several devices for [getting] an accurate picture of the business .

Speed of obtaining , processing , storing and retrieving information aids decision-making
speed of [getting] , processing , storing and retrieving information aids decision-making

Its staff are specifically charged with marketing duties — assessing customer wants , gathering market intelligence , obtaining customer reactions , organizing sales and distribution , for example .
its staff are specifically charged with marketing duties — assessing customer wants , gathering market intelligence , [getting] customer reactions , organizing sales and distribution , for example .

Obtaining even basic information can be problematical .
[getting] even basic information can be problematical .

However , in our many interviews with teachers and heads in individual schools , this generalized view was sometimes fleshed out by reference to specific instances and frustrations , of which the most common were the following : the difficulty of obtaining vital information ; the persistent unavailability of individuals who possessed such information ; the lack of departmental awareness about who was responsible for what ; the classic ‘ doctor 's receptionist ’ tendency among clerical staff to prevent heads from gaining access to advisory staff and other officers ; the Byzantine complexity of the departmental arrangements at Merrion House ; the lack of reciprocity in information flow : schools felt that Merrion House tended to bombard them with directives and requests , many of them urgent , yet was unwilling to reciprocate by supplying the schools with what they , often equally urgently , required ; and the failure of Merrion House officers and staff to answer letters .
however , in our many interviews with teachers and heads in individual schools , this generalized view was sometimes fleshed out by reference to specific instances and frustrations , of which the most common were the following : the difficulty of [getting] vital information ; the persistent unavailability of individuals who possessed such information ; the lack of departmental awareness about who was responsible for what ; the classic ‘ doctor 's receptionist ’ tendency among clerical staff to prevent heads from gaining access to advisory staff and other officers ; the byzantine complexity of the departmental arrangements at merrion house ; the lack of reciprocity in information flow : schools felt that merrion house tended to bombard them with directives and requests , many of them urgent , yet was unwilling to reciprocate by supplying the schools with what they , often equally urgently , required ; and the failure of merrion house officers and staff to answer letters .

Although the time a child spends on task relates to many factors , including some beyond the teacher 's control , the organizational complexity obtaining in many primary classrooms would seem to play a significant part .
although the time a child spends on task relates to many factors , including some beyond the teacher 's control , the organizational complexity [getting] in many primary classrooms would seem to play a significant part .

‘ We came somewhat late to Aberdeen , ’ wrote Johnson , ‘ and found the inn so full , that we had some difficulty in obtaining admission , till Mr Boswell made himself known .
‘ we came somewhat late to aberdeen , ’ wrote johnson , ‘ and found the inn so full , that we had some difficulty in [getting] admission , till mr boswell made himself known .

Probably he was going to ask for help in obtaining a pardon for Sidacai , and Alexei thought about telling him that it was Burun 's intent that he should be freed .
probably he was going to ask for help in [getting] a pardon for sidacai , and alexei thought about telling him that it was burun 's intent that he should be freed .

For many individuals the experience is repeated several times a year , thereby constituting a serious infringement of their personal liberty , disrupting the lives of their families , often preventing them from complying with requirements for obtaining welfare benefits and effectively making them unemployable .
for many individuals the experience is repeated several times a year , thereby constituting a serious infringement of their personal liberty , disrupting the lives of their families , often preventing them from complying with requirements for [getting] welfare benefits and effectively making them unemployable .

The government has consistently maintained that market rents should prevail in the private sector and that local authority rents should more nearly approach those obtaining in the private sector .
the government has consistently maintained that market rents should prevail in the private sector and that local authority rents should more nearly approach those [getting] in the private sector .

Once the court papers have been served on the debtor and an enquiry has been made at court regarding the debtor 's intentions , the result of those enquiries is input to the computer and the appropriate papers for obtaining Decree are produced .
once the court papers have been served on the debtor and an enquiry has been made at court regarding the debtor 's intentions , the result of those enquiries is input to the computer and the appropriate papers for [getting] decree are produced .

The Rent and Mortgage Restriction Act , 1915 , fixed rents at the levels obtaining in 1914 , and although it was introduced as a wartime emergency measure , it became politically impossible to repeal after hostilities ceased .
the rent and mortgage restriction act , 1915 , fixed rents at the levels [getting] in 1914 , and although it was introduced as a wartime emergency measure , it became politically impossible to repeal after hostilities ceased .

‘ The only way we can set about obtaining some is to raise the public profile of the case , which is so far limited to the bald facts of your husband 's murder .
‘ the only way we can set about [getting] some is to raise the public profile of the case , which is so far limited to the bald facts of your husband 's murder .

‘ Authority is an inappropriate means for obtaining commitment to objectives .
‘ authority is an inappropriate means for [getting] commitment to objectives .

It is all very well to be phlegmatic and hope that all will come right in the end but surely it would be better to stimulate discussion with a view to obtaining fresh ideas on how to deal with new circumstances which have never before confronted the capitalist world ?
it is all very well to be phlegmatic and hope that all will come right in the end but surely it would be better to stimulate discussion with a view to [getting] fresh ideas on how to deal with new circumstances which have never before confronted the capitalist world ?

He was educated at Edinburgh Academy and Balliol College , Oxford , obtaining a first class in modern history in 1887 .
he was educated at edinburgh academy and balliol college , oxford , [getting] a first class in modern history in 1887 .

He practised , paramedically , before leaving the Newcastle under Lyme area in 1690 and obtaining a medical licence at Chester in July 1691 .
he practised , paramedically , before leaving the newcastle under lyme area in 1690 and [getting] a medical licence at chester in july 1691 .

As a landowner , he was actively interested in agricultural improvements , and in 1800 took a leading part in obtaining an Act of Parliament for the Muston drainage scheme , covering ten thousand acres frequently flooded by the rivers Derwent and Hertford .
as a landowner , he was actively interested in agricultural improvements , and in 1800 took a leading part in [getting] an act of parliament for the muston drainage scheme , covering ten thousand acres frequently flooded by the rivers derwent and hertford .

His anonymous volume of pen portraits , The Whispering Gallery by an Ex-Diplomat ( 1926 ) , led to his arrest on a charge of ‘ obtaining or attempting to obtain money under false pretences ’ , but under cross-examination his engaging candour appealed to the jury which found him not guilty .
his anonymous volume of pen portraits , the whispering gallery by an ex-diplomat ( 1926 ) , led to his arrest on a charge of ‘ [getting] or attempting to obtain money under false pretences ’ , but under cross-examination his engaging candour appealed to the jury which found him not guilty .

When only eighteen he became a fellow of Exeter College in 1826 , two years before obtaining first-class honours in classics .
when only eighteen he became a fellow of exeter college in 1826 , two years before [getting] first-class honours in classics .

In 1844 he moved to London , obtaining employment as a clerk .
in 1844 he moved to london , [getting] employment as a clerk .

Educated at the City of London School , he saw active service in France in 1918 and then read history at Merton College , Oxford , obtaining a first class in modern history in 1922 , and a D.Phil .
educated at the city of london school , he saw active service in france in 1918 and then read history at merton college , oxford , [getting] a first class in modern history in 1922 , and a d.phil .

with honours in chemistry in 1869 , then pursued his studies in the natural sciences at St Bartholomew 's Hospital , obtaining his D.Sc .
with honours in chemistry in 1869 , then pursued his studies in the natural sciences at st bartholomew 's hospital , [getting] his d.sc .

While there he succeeded in attaching wires to a seriously ill patient and obtaining a continuous record of his heartbeat , probably the first electrocardiogram ever made , fifty years before its time .
while there he succeeded in attaching wires to a seriously ill patient and [getting] a continuous record of his heartbeat , probably the first electrocardiogram ever made , fifty years before its time .

His true métier appeared in 1651 with his appointment as co-farmer of the excise on salt ; he combined this with actually managing the salt-works in North and South Shields , buttressing his position by obtaining quasi-monopoly rights in that commodity .
his true métier appeared in 1651 with his appointment as co-farmer of the excise on salt ; he combined this with actually managing the salt-works in north and south shields , buttressing his position by [getting] quasi-monopoly rights in that commodity .

Deeply attached to it , he served it first as a scholar , obtaining first-class honours in both parts of the historical tripos ( 1933 and 1934 ) ; second , as research fellow ( 1938–45 ) , receiving a Ph.D .
deeply attached to it , he served it first as a scholar , [getting] first-class honours in both parts of the historical tripos ( 1933 and 1934 ) ; second , as research fellow ( 1938–45 ) , receiving a ph.d .

He was actively involved both in obtaining money and materials and in ensuring that work was actually carried out .
he was actively involved both in [getting] money and materials and in ensuring that work was actually carried out .

She was educated at Handsworth Ladies College and at Newnham College , Cambridge , where she took both parts of the natural sciences tripos ( 1887 , 1888 ) , obtaining first-class honours .
she was educated at handsworth ladies college and at newnham college , cambridge , where she took both parts of the natural sciences tripos ( 1887 , 1888 ) , [getting] first-class honours .

From King 's School , Worcester , he won a scholarship to Hertford College , Oxford , obtaining a third class in classical honour moderations in 1876 .
from king 's school , worcester , he won a scholarship to hertford college , oxford , [getting] a third class in classical honour moderations in 1876 .

He became a canon of Exeter Cathedral in May 1274 and archdeacon of Exeter in December , obtaining also the rectory of Tawstock , diocese of Exeter , in 1275 .
he became a canon of exeter cathedral in may 1274 and archdeacon of exeter in december , [getting] also the rectory of tawstock , diocese of exeter , in 1275 .

Obtaining a licence for the Siemens open-hearth steel process , he built five furnaces at the Dalzell works , together with a rolling mill and finishing shop , the first melt of steel being made in 1881 .
[getting] a licence for the siemens open-hearth steel process , he built five furnaces at the dalzell works , together with a rolling mill and finishing shop , the first melt of steel being made in 1881 .

His father had provided for this title to pass to Charles if his brother inherited the earldom of Arundel ; but when this occurred in 1677 Henry refused to give up the title , and Charles took the case to Chancery , in 1682 obtaining a celebrated decision in his favour by Heneage Finch , first Earl of Nottingham [ q.v . ]
his father had provided for this title to pass to charles if his brother inherited the earldom of arundel ; but when this occurred in 1677 henry refused to give up the title , and charles took the case to chancery , in 1682 [getting] a celebrated decision in his favour by heneage finch , first earl of nottingham [ q.v . ]

Secondly , in October 1911 he faced a charge of obtaining money on false pretences in connection with an abortive land deal in Nottinghamshire , which ended with a twelve-month jail sentence .
secondly , in october 1911 he faced a charge of [getting] money on false pretences in connection with an abortive land deal in nottinghamshire , which ended with a twelve-month jail sentence .

On obtaining a lease of the Crown manor of Eltham , Kent , in 1663 , he employed Hugh May [ q.v . ]
on [getting] a lease of the crown manor of eltham , kent , in 1663 , he employed hugh may [ q.v . ]

The first priority for most unemployed people is obtaining a job : and training or retraining courses are one seemingly obvious route to this end .
the first priority for most unemployed people is [getting] a job : and training or retraining courses are one seemingly obvious route to this end .

As in the case of personal representatives , the company 's articles will probably provide that any restrictions on transferability apply on any application to be registered and to any transfer by him and these restrictions may handicap the trustee in obtaining the best price on a sale of the shares , particularly if the articles confer pre-emption rights .
as in the case of personal representatives , the company 's articles will probably provide that any restrictions on transferability apply on any application to be registered and to any transfer by him and these restrictions may handicap the trustee in [getting] the best price on a sale of the shares , particularly if the articles confer pre-emption rights .

( ii ) defective floating charges It has also been thought unjust to allow an unsecured creditor to obtain priority to other creditors by obtaining a floating charge when he realises that liquidation is imminent .
( ii ) defective floating charges it has also been thought unjust to allow an unsecured creditor to obtain priority to other creditors by [getting] a floating charge when he realises that liquidation is imminent .

The most common method of obtaining information about a company is by searching its file at Companies House in Cardiff or London ( or Edinburgh if the company is registered in Scotland ) .
the most common method of [getting] information about a company is by searching its file at companies house in cardiff or london ( or edinburgh if the company is registered in scotland ) .

Whatever relationship exists between government and groups , we must raise the question of whether the advancing of organized interests enhances democracy or , at least , provides the only realistic chance of obtaining some democracy in industrialized societies , as the pluralists have argued .
whatever relationship exists between government and groups , we must raise the question of whether the advancing of organized interests enhances democracy or , at least , provides the only realistic chance of [getting] some democracy in industrialized societies , as the pluralists have argued .

Needless to say , his views are not shared by all observers of the policy-making process and , given the strong tradition of secrecy in Britain , obtaining evidence one way or the other is difficult .
needless to say , his views are not shared by all observers of the policy-making process and , given the strong tradition of secrecy in britain , [getting] evidence one way or the other is difficult .

The third possibility , and one more in tune with an elitist model of the process , is that bureaucrats will see their accountability as being primarily towards the organized interests in society that succeed by one means or another in obtaining regular access to the policy-making process .
the third possibility , and one more in tune with an elitist model of the process , is that bureaucrats will see their accountability as being primarily towards the organized interests in society that succeed by one means or another in [getting] regular access to the policy-making process .

The minority of Labour members on the committee did not agree with this and issued their own minority report , but the most significant point about the conclusion is that the majority on the committee excluded at the outset the possibility of obtaining the evidence they would need to judge properly whether there was any abuse of power .
the minority of labour members on the committee did not agree with this and issued their own minority report , but the most significant point about the conclusion is that the majority on the committee excluded at the outset the possibility of [getting] the evidence they would need to judge properly whether there was any abuse of power .

In other words , the military budget in the United States is of enormous significance for any government 's economic policy and this gives the military tremendous leverage in terms of obtaining new weapons in an age of high technology , especially in conjunction with fears of the enemy 's growing strength .
in other words , the military budget in the united states is of enormous significance for any government 's economic policy and this gives the military tremendous leverage in terms of [getting] new weapons in an age of high technology , especially in conjunction with fears of the enemy 's growing strength .

Now , on the face of it , the problem of obtaining the finance is no different from that faced by local authorities every day .
now , on the face of it , the problem of [getting] the finance is no different from that faced by local authorities every day .

The difficulty in obtaining the compliance of the United States to an agreement on Afghanistan between the regional states involved in the conflict stemmed from a continued American reluctance to accept an unrepresentative pro-Soviet and Marxist-inclined ( if not dominated ) government in that state .
the difficulty in [getting] the compliance of the united states to an agreement on afghanistan between the regional states involved in the conflict stemmed from a continued american reluctance to accept an unrepresentative pro-soviet and marxist-inclined ( if not dominated ) government in that state .

Eighteenth-century trumpet parts were written very high because of the impossibility of obtaining scale-wise passages on the natural instrument except amongst the very high harmonics of the series .
eighteenth-century trumpet parts were written very high because of the impossibility of [getting] scale-wise passages on the natural instrument except amongst the very high harmonics of the series .

This is an easy way of obtaining equal balance , but is weak and unresourceful and musically unsatisfying .
this is an easy way of [getting] equal balance , but is weak and unresourceful and musically unsatisfying .

This takes the form of obtaining feedback and evaluation .
this takes the form of [getting] feedback and evaluation .

the economic environment changed with the Labour Government obtaining a loan from the International Monetary Fund in 1975 which had conditions attached to it requiring cuts in public expenditure ;
the economic environment changed with the labour government [getting] a loan from the international monetary fund in 1975 which had conditions attached to it requiring cuts in public expenditure ;

In the context of claims for personal injuries , it is clear that ignorance of the law dissuades potential claimants from seeking advice , and most people only seek legal advice after first obtaining advice from other services , which may be ill-informed and thus cause a person with a claim not to pursue it .
in the context of claims for personal injuries , it is clear that ignorance of the law dissuades potential claimants from seeking advice , and most people only seek legal advice after first [getting] advice from other services , which may be ill-informed and thus cause a person with a claim not to pursue it .

However , studies demonstrate that obstructions on the way of obtaining legal advice have different effects on different sorts of people .
however , studies demonstrate that obstructions on the way of [getting] legal advice have different effects on different sorts of people .

The cost of obtaining advice becomes significant when a client considers using professional agencies .
the cost of [getting] advice becomes significant when a client considers using professional agencies .

’ Despite the acceptance of this principle the Commission found that a large number of people were not obtaining adequate legal services and set out the principles that should , in future , govern the provision of legal services :
’ despite the acceptance of this principle the commission found that a large number of people were not [getting] adequate legal services and set out the principles that should , in future , govern the provision of legal services :

Its diagnosis of existing weaknesses was unexceptional , with reference to the lack of co-ordination in the provision of advice agencies , overlap in the service provided by advice agencies and private practitioners and difficulties in obtaining advice in an emergency .
its diagnosis of existing weaknesses was unexceptional , with reference to the lack of co-ordination in the provision of advice agencies , overlap in the service provided by advice agencies and private practitioners and difficulties in [getting] advice in an emergency .

Obviously there may be circumstances in which the normal procedure of application and issue can not be followed because of the urgency of the matter and a procedure exists for obtaining an emergency representation certificate in such cases .
obviously there may be circumstances in which the normal procedure of application and issue can not be followed because of the urgency of the matter and a procedure exists for [getting] an emergency representation certificate in such cases .

But we were told recently by a delegation from the french Senate , studying British methods of scrutiny of Community legislation , that they had great difficulty in obtaining copies of Commission legislative proposals and that it had been necessary for them to establish an office in Brussels to ensure a reliable supply .
but we were told recently by a delegation from the french senate , studying british methods of scrutiny of community legislation , that they had great difficulty in [getting] copies of commission legislative proposals and that it had been necessary for them to establish an office in brussels to ensure a reliable supply .

Leone almost certainly defrauded Giardini by obtaining false receipts from the singers he engaged .
leone almost certainly defrauded giardini by [getting] false receipts from the singers he engaged .

It came to the reverse conclusion so far as the crime of administering a drug for the purpose of obtaining sexual intercourse was concerned and recommended that all sexual acts should be covered .
it came to the reverse conclusion so far as the crime of administering a drug for the purpose of [getting] sexual intercourse was concerned and recommended that all sexual acts should be covered .

However , it entirely failed to consider the far more important question of whether the definition should be extended for the crimes of obtaining sexual intercourse by threats or false pretences .
however , it entirely failed to consider the far more important question of whether the definition should be extended for the crimes of [getting] sexual intercourse by threats or false pretences .

It has , however , recommended that the crime of administering a drug to a woman for the purpose of obtaining sexual intercourse should extend to other sexual acts involving gross indecency and should protect males as well as females .
it has , however , recommended that the crime of administering a drug to a woman for the purpose of [getting] sexual intercourse should extend to other sexual acts involving gross indecency and should protect males as well as females .

Whether or not the Committee 's proposals on rape are implemented , a two-year maximum penalty for obtaining sexual intercourse by threat would seem to be far too low .
whether or not the committee 's proposals on rape are implemented , a two-year maximum penalty for [getting] sexual intercourse by threat would seem to be far too low .

Gardeners Roadshow Owing to the inability of obtaining the services of a speaker the meeting had to be cancelled .
gardeners roadshow owing to the inability of [getting] the services of a speaker the meeting had to be cancelled .

However extensive research by The Open Spaces Society has resulted in a concise reference guide that even where detail is lacking , such as the section on obtaining a grant , there are numerous references to further sources of information .
however extensive research by the open spaces society has resulted in a concise reference guide that even where detail is lacking , such as the section on [getting] a grant , there are numerous references to further sources of information .

The field work , which was part of an investigation to see whether the area should be the subject of a conservation programme , including obtaining preliminary species lists for bats , large mammals , plants and some groups of invertebrates , such as butterflies and beetles .
the field work , which was part of an investigation to see whether the area should be the subject of a conservation programme , including [getting] preliminary species lists for bats , large mammals , plants and some groups of invertebrates , such as butterflies and beetles .

( c ) is travelling against the advice of a qualified medical practitioner or for the purpose of obtaining medical treatment .
( c ) is travelling against the advice of a qualified medical practitioner or for the purpose of [getting] medical treatment .

When looking at a narrative design , the possibilities of obtaining different perspectives are especially significant : it is precisely the lack of a wide border which would have made the story of the Dido and Aeneas mosaic , from Low Ham , Som .
when looking at a narrative design , the possibilities of [getting] different perspectives are especially significant : it is precisely the lack of a wide border which would have made the story of the dido and aeneas mosaic , from low ham , som .

It appears that styles obtaining in the south could have affected both of these mosaics , not only as subsequent amendments but as original contributions .
it appears that styles [getting] in the south could have affected both of these mosaics , not only as subsequent amendments but as original contributions .

When considered in the context of levels of affinity obtaining between other mosaics in Britain , the degree of similarity in the group is exceptional .
when considered in the context of levels of affinity [getting] between other mosaics in britain , the degree of similarity in the group is exceptional .

Environment ministers from more than 30 European countries , the United States , Canada and Japan have urged East European governments to incorporate environmental concerns into their economic restructuring programmes and to bring local environmental standards in line with those obtaining in West European countries .
environment ministers from more than 30 european countries , the united states , canada and japan have urged east european governments to incorporate environmental concerns into their economic restructuring programmes and to bring local environmental standards in line with those [getting] in west european countries .

The Physical Chemistry Laboratory has been conspicuously successful in obtaining outside grants for sustaining and expanding its research from governmental , industrial , and international sources .
the physical chemistry laboratory has been conspicuously successful in [getting] outside grants for sustaining and expanding its research from governmental , industrial , and international sources .

Henley has experience of establishing research consortia and also obtaining third party funding for such work .
henley has experience of establishing research consortia and also [getting] third party funding for such work .

( b ) except with the consent of the Panel , must be conditional only upon the offeror obtaining sufficient acceptances to give it more than 50 per cent of the target company 's voting rights .
( b ) except with the consent of the panel , must be conditional only upon the offeror [getting] sufficient acceptances to give it more than 50 per cent of the target company 's voting rights .

The obtaining in advance of irrevocable commitments to accept a takeover offer so that the result of the offer is a foregone conclusion .
the [getting] in advance of irrevocable commitments to accept a takeover offer so that the result of the offer is a foregone conclusion .

Known as a `` whitewash `` , it is only effective in the case of an issue ( not a purchase ) of new shares which results in the acquirer or his concert parties obtaining a holding of 30 per cent or more .
known as a `` whitewash `` , it is only effective in the case of an issue ( not a purchase ) of new shares which results in the acquirer or his concert parties [getting] a holding of 30 per cent or more .

The making of a takeover offer is not the only means of obtaining control of a company .
the making of a takeover offer is not the only means of [getting] control of a company .

Obtaining rulings
[getting] rulings

Obtaining information
[getting] information

Some alienation provisions contain surrender-back clauses which should be strongly resisted by the tenant , as they lead to uncertainty as to whether the tenant will be permitted to assign the lease to the person of its choosing , and unless carefully worded could result in the tenant obtaining less from the landlord on surrender than it would have done from the assignee .
some alienation provisions contain surrender-back clauses which should be strongly resisted by the tenant , as they lead to uncertainty as to whether the tenant will be permitted to assign the lease to the person of its choosing , and unless carefully worded could result in the tenant [getting] less from the landlord on surrender than it would have done from the assignee .

6.3 Superior lease Where the lease is an underlease , the tenant should consider inserting the following landlord 's covenants : To pay the rents reserved by the [ superior Lease ] dated and made between and to observe and perform the covenants agreements and conditions on the part of the tenant contained therein and to enforce the covenants on the part of the Landlord in the said Lease Not to agree to the variation of any of the terms of the [ superior Lease ] without first obtaining the Tenant 's written consent [ such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ]
6.3 superior lease where the lease is an underlease , the tenant should consider inserting the following landlord 's covenants : to pay the rents reserved by the [ superior lease ] dated and made between and to observe and perform the covenants agreements and conditions on the part of the tenant contained therein and to enforce the covenants on the part of the landlord in the said lease not to agree to the variation of any of the terms of the [ superior lease ] without first [getting] the tenant 's written consent [ such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ]

Where the parties deal face to face , it may be relatively easy to ensure that the business 's terms are incorporated into the contract , by obtaining the other party 's signature to a form referring to the terms .
where the parties deal face to face , it may be relatively easy to ensure that the business 's terms are incorporated into the contract , by [getting] the other party 's signature to a form referring to the terms .

If the buyer is a limited company , it is important to check that you are obtaining instructions from the appropriately authorised personnel .
if the buyer is a limited company , it is important to check that you are [getting] instructions from the appropriately authorised personnel .

The three most probable sources of delay will by now have passed : obtaining a local land charges certificate of search ( unless with your client 's approval you 've sacrificed this sacred cow for a personal search ) ; the buyer obtaining a mortgage advance ; and the survey report , which both the buyer and the buyer 's mortgagee will have required .
the three most probable sources of delay will by now have passed : [getting] a local land charges certificate of search ( unless with your client 's approval you 've sacrificed this sacred cow for a personal search ) ; the buyer [getting] a mortgage advance ; and the survey report , which both the buyer and the buyer 's mortgagee will have required .

If the conveyancer for the lessor refuses to delete it , or if you act for a purchase of an existing lease that includes such a provision , you should always explain to your client the nature of the provision , its unusual nature and its disadvantages ( putting off a subsequent prospective buyer or mortgagee , delay and expense in taking up references and obtaining the licence ) .
if the conveyancer for the lessor refuses to delete it , or if you act for a purchase of an existing lease that includes such a provision , you should always explain to your client the nature of the provision , its unusual nature and its disadvantages ( putting off a subsequent prospective buyer or mortgagee , delay and expense in taking up references and [getting] the licence ) .

Run through the papers in your file , including the subfile of any mortgage a buyer-client may be obtaining , to ensure you haven " t missed anything .
run through the papers in your file , including the subfile of any mortgage a buyer-client may be [getting] , to ensure you haven " t missed anything .

3 . Obtaining the mortgage advance — mortgagee's's requirements
3 . [getting] the mortgage advance — mortgagee's's requirements

The defendants also ran a wire service and it was found by the judge that they had been obtaining information from a subscriber to the plaintiff 's service for republication by them .
the defendants also ran a wire service and it was found by the judge that they had been [getting] information from a subscriber to the plaintiff 's service for republication by them .

It was held that the defendants , who had acquired the information in the knowledge that the supply was a breach by that subscriber of his contract with the plaintiff , could be restrained by injunction from surreptitiously obtaining or copying information collected by the plaintiffs .
it was held that the defendants , who had acquired the information in the knowledge that the supply was a breach by that subscriber of his contract with the plaintiff , could be restrained by injunction from surreptitiously [getting] or copying information collected by the plaintiffs .

The offeror , who was unsuccessful in obtaining the property sued for breach of confidence .
the offeror , who was unsuccessful in [getting] the property sued for breach of confidence .

What therefore is there to prevent a taxpayer from putting his shares in the name of a nominee and obtaining a deduction from his higher rate tax liability for the nominee 's expenses of management ?
what therefore is there to prevent a taxpayer from putting his shares in the name of a nominee and [getting] a deduction from his higher rate tax liability for the nominee 's expenses of management ?

Specialist practitioners are obtaining membership of the Law Society 's Personal Injuries Panel .
specialist practitioners are [getting] membership of the law society 's personal injuries panel .

Once you know that you have achieved a result then obtaining your costs from the opposition should be a priority .
once you know that you have achieved a result then [getting] your costs from the opposition should be a priority .

It is always almost impossible for a single practitioner to obtain more than the other firms in the area are obtaining and you do not want to be in a position of being undersold because your colleagues in other firms have an unrealistic view about what should be charged .
it is always almost impossible for a single practitioner to obtain more than the other firms in the area are [getting] and you do not want to be in a position of being undersold because your colleagues in other firms have an unrealistic view about what should be charged .

Legal Aid covers the cost of investigating your claim , including contacting witnesses , obtaining medical reports and negotiating with the Defendants .
legal aid covers the cost of investigating your claim , including contacting witnesses , [getting] medical reports and negotiating with the defendants .

One source of delay is obtaining medical evidence .
one source of delay is [getting] medical evidence .

The difficulty encountered by plaintiffs in obtaining injunctions to stop libels has led to a growth in applications for injunctions on the grounds of breach of confidence , ie that the information has been obtained from someone who is under a duty not to reveal it .
the difficulty encountered by plaintiffs in [getting] injunctions to stop libels has led to a growth in applications for injunctions on the grounds of breach of confidence , ie that the information has been obtained from someone who is under a duty not to reveal it .

At this stage , a method of obtaining loans data from pupils had to be discovered .
at this stage , a method of [getting] loans data from pupils had to be discovered .

Obtaining office copy entries ( as opposed to furnishing merely a copy of the registered title ) is advisable as it reveals at an early stage whether or not there is a second charge which may not have been disclosed to the husband 's solicitors .
[getting] office copy entries ( as opposed to furnishing merely a copy of the registered title ) is advisable as it reveals at an early stage whether or not there is a second charge which may not have been disclosed to the husband 's solicitors .

But , if the refusal or the conditions prevent him from obtaining ‘ reasonably beneficial use ’ of the land , he can serve a purchase notice .
but , if the refusal or the conditions prevent him from [getting] ‘ reasonably beneficial use ’ of the land , he can serve a purchase notice .

The measure of social interaction rated the availability of six provisions of social relationships : attachment , social integration , opportunity for nurturing others , reassurance of worth , a sense of reliable alliance and the obtaining of help and guidance .
the measure of social interaction rated the availability of six provisions of social relationships : attachment , social integration , opportunity for nurturing others , reassurance of worth , a sense of reliable alliance and the [getting] of help and guidance .

We do not have space for a full description of all the experimental techniques used in obtaining the results discussed in this book .
we do not have space for a full description of all the experimental techniques used in [getting] the results discussed in this book .

Financial intermediaries can advise their customers on financial matters : on the best way of investing their funds and on alternative ways of obtaining finance .
financial intermediaries can advise their customers on financial matters : on the best way of investing their funds and on alternative ways of [getting] finance .

Using mean seed weight , which increases with time , as a parameter , it was found that the dry site would take about 150 years to revert to the conditions obtaining in the original forest , whereas in the wet forest , the figure of 1000 years was obtained once again .
using mean seed weight , which increases with time , as a parameter , it was found that the dry site would take about 150 years to revert to the conditions [getting] in the original forest , whereas in the wet forest , the figure of 1000 years was obtained once again .

’ Sebastian refused to be quashed , then found that as he did n't have what was called a proper income he had problems in obtaining a mortgage .
’ sebastian refused to be quashed , then found that as he did n't have what was called a proper income he had problems in [getting] a mortgage .

The sheer cost of trained staff and the difficulties with obtaining spare parts are two indications of the absurdity of the idea .
the sheer cost of trained staff and the difficulties with [getting] spare parts are two indications of the absurdity of the idea .

Similarly , if one person is obtaining data on behalf of another , they should both be registered .
similarly , if one person is [getting] data on behalf of another , they should both be registered .

Money paid into court to abide the event , whether in satisfaction under Ord 11 , r 1 ( 1 ) or as a condition of obtaining relief , is placed by the court in a deposit account ( in case of payment in satisfaction after the time for acceptance expires ) .
money paid into court to abide the event , whether in satisfaction under ord 11 , r 1 ( 1 ) or as a condition of [getting] relief , is placed by the court in a deposit account ( in case of payment in satisfaction after the time for acceptance expires ) .

The procedure for the obtaining and giving of further particulars of defence is the same as appertains in relation to further particulars of claim .
the procedure for the [getting] and giving of further particulars of defence is the same as appertains in relation to further particulars of claim .

It is often unwise of the plaintiff to rely on the defendant sued obtaining an indemnity from a third party if the plaintiff could bring the third party in as a second defendant , eg in road accident cases .
it is often unwise of the plaintiff to rely on the defendant sued [getting] an indemnity from a third party if the plaintiff could bring the third party in as a second defendant , eg in road accident cases .

He thought that the discount for contingencies should be comparatively small and that the £10,000 the widow received from the estate should give rise to a deduction of £200 from the annual dependency for the accelerated benefit that she received by obtaining it on his death .
he thought that the discount for contingencies should be comparatively small and that the £10,000 the widow received from the estate should give rise to a deduction of £200 from the annual dependency for the accelerated benefit that she received by [getting] it on his death .

The lump sum of damages should be assessed on the basis that it would be invested with the aim of obtaining some capital appreciation to offset the probable rise in the cost of living .
the lump sum of damages should be assessed on the basis that it would be invested with the aim of [getting] some capital appreciation to offset the probable rise in the cost of living .

and the term was universal in the trade ( but had never been negotiated by any trade association ) so that the plaintiff had no opportunity of obtaining product on other terms .
and the term was universal in the trade ( but had never been negotiated by any trade association ) so that the plaintiff had no opportunity of [getting] product on other terms .

In addition such clauses also normally give the seller the options of trying to alter the goods so that they are no longer infringing , buying the third party claimant out by obtaining a licence from him , or , in the last resort , taking back the goods in return for a refund of their purchase price ; all of these at the seller 's expense .
in addition such clauses also normally give the seller the options of trying to alter the goods so that they are no longer infringing , buying the third party claimant out by [getting] a licence from him , or , in the last resort , taking back the goods in return for a refund of their purchase price ; all of these at the seller 's expense .

This will not be easy , and , where the seller has solved the problem of infringement by obtaining a licence , or redesigning the goods so as to put an end to the infringement , there may not be any other damage suffered in any event .
this will not be easy , and , where the seller has solved the problem of infringement by [getting] a licence , or redesigning the goods so as to put an end to the infringement , there may not be any other damage suffered in any event .

It may be described in general terms as a duty which requires a partner to act openly , fairly and honestly in all partnership dealings and which prohibits his obtaining any private benefit at the expense of the firm .
it may be described in general terms as a duty which requires a partner to act openly , fairly and honestly in all partnership dealings and which prohibits his [getting] any private benefit at the expense of the firm .

This will involve not only matters of professional competence and etiquette but also the need to ensure compliance with regulations regarding replacement of practising certificates , the annual delivery of certificates to the Solicitors Indemnity Fund and obtaining all other licences and authorisations relevant to the work of the firm .
this will involve not only matters of professional competence and etiquette but also the need to ensure compliance with regulations regarding replacement of practising certificates , the annual delivery of certificates to the solicitors indemnity fund and [getting] all other licences and authorisations relevant to the work of the firm .

The need to ensure that the expert has the power to award interest will arise in the following circumstances : ( 1 ) Does the issue referred to the expert include a claim for damages arising from some breach of contract that has already occurred ? ( 2 ) Is the issue the expert is called on to determine essentially what amount of money one side owes the other , and when that sum is payable ? ( 3 ) Is there likely to be a delay in obtaining the expert 's decision on the amount payable ?
the need to ensure that the expert has the power to award interest will arise in the following circumstances : ( 1 ) does the issue referred to the expert include a claim for damages arising from some breach of contract that has already occurred ? ( 2 ) is the issue the expert is called on to determine essentially what amount of money one side owes the other , and when that sum is payable ? ( 3 ) is there likely to be a delay in [getting] the expert 's decision on the amount payable ?

But , where the clause did not contain that useful provision , an awkward party ran no risk in simply refusing to appoint a valuer , with the result that the reference could not go ahead and there was no way of obtaining a valuation .
but , where the clause did not contain that useful provision , an awkward party ran no risk in simply refusing to appoint a valuer , with the result that the reference could not go ahead and there was no way of [getting] a valuation .

The expert will seek the parties ' agreement to the principle and the cost of obtaining that outside assistance .
the expert will seek the parties ' agreement to the principle and the cost of [getting] that outside assistance .

In other words , the potential plaintiff may withhold payment of money which is due to the potential defendant , as an alternative way of obtaining the benefit of the expert 's decision .
in other words , the potential plaintiff may withhold payment of money which is due to the potential defendant , as an alternative way of [getting] the benefit of the expert 's decision .

An expert 's decision can not be enforced by the courts without issuing a writ and obtaining judgment , and it is not enforceable internationally without court proceedings in at least one country .
an expert 's decision can not be enforced by the courts without issuing a writ and [getting] judgment , and it is not enforceable internationally without court proceedings in at least one country .

One method of obtaining at least a moral commitment is by a heads of agreement or offer letter , signed by both parties .
one method of [getting] at least a moral commitment is by a heads of agreement or offer letter , signed by both parties .

It is also likely to take some time because of delays of up to eight weeks in obtaining replies to local authority searches .
it is also likely to take some time because of delays of up to eight weeks in [getting] replies to local authority searches .

Strictly , the Revenue can argue that s343 does not apply until the hive-up agreement has become unconditional and been completed in accordance with its terms ( for example , the novating of liabilities and obtaining of third party consents ) , since s343 requires Newco to carry on the trade in succession to the transferor , not merely beneficially own it .
strictly , the revenue can argue that s343 does not apply until the hive-up agreement has become unconditional and been completed in accordance with its terms ( for example , the novating of liabilities and [getting] of third party consents ) , since s343 requires newco to carry on the trade in succession to the transferor , not merely beneficially own it .

The managers may also be successful in obtaining from the investors a clause in the agreement or a side letter , confirming that as a result of their investigations they are not aware of a breach of the warranties at completion .
the managers may also be successful in [getting] from the investors a clause in the agreement or a side letter , confirming that as a result of their investigations they are not aware of a breach of the warranties at completion .

If there are contracts which are essential to the conduct of the business , the purchaser should make obtaining consent to assign or novate these a condition precedent .
if there are contracts which are essential to the conduct of the business , the purchaser should make [getting] consent to assign or novate these a condition precedent .

The scheme was halted last year after an alliance of environmentalists and native Americans succeeded in obtaining a judicial order on the grounds that a number of endangered species , including the purple warty back mussel , had been found about a mile from a planned drainage pipe outlet .
the scheme was halted last year after an alliance of environmentalists and native americans succeeded in [getting] a judicial order on the grounds that a number of endangered species , including the purple warty back mussel , had been found about a mile from a planned drainage pipe outlet .

He cited the following reasons for the phenomenon : the absence of an experienced environmental police in the east , the fact that it is around ten times cheaper to dump in the east than in the west , and the overall regulatory disorganization in the eastern states , which have yet to pass environmental legislation similar to that obtaining in the west .
he cited the following reasons for the phenomenon : the absence of an experienced environmental police in the east , the fact that it is around ten times cheaper to dump in the east than in the west , and the overall regulatory disorganization in the eastern states , which have yet to pass environmental legislation similar to that [getting] in the west .

It does so using comparatively inexpensive materials , and brings the prospect of obtaining cheap electricity from sunlight a step nearer .
it does so using comparatively inexpensive materials , and brings the prospect of [getting] cheap electricity from sunlight a step nearer .

The uncertainty may be reduced or even completely removed by obtaining relevant information .
the uncertainty may be reduced or even completely removed by [getting] relevant information .

Experience , however , showed that employers have many priorities — such as making a profit , obtaining orders , producing orders at the right price — and that something which they are not compelled to do , particularly in circumstances where the economic climate is adverse , goes well down the list of priorities .
experience , however , showed that employers have many priorities — such as making a profit , [getting] orders , producing orders at the right price — and that something which they are not compelled to do , particularly in circumstances where the economic climate is adverse , goes well down the list of priorities .

They are practices which ensure that those who have the advantage of a network of friends and relations in secure employment will have a better chance of obtaining jobs than those who have a network of friends and relations who have suffered long-term unemployment .
they are practices which ensure that those who have the advantage of a network of friends and relations in secure employment will have a better chance of [getting] jobs than those who have a network of friends and relations who have suffered long-term unemployment .

If the legislation could only help Catholics , West Belfast Protestants who too lack a supporting network of friends and relations able to assist them in obtaining well-paid employment , could complain .
if the legislation could only help catholics , west belfast protestants who too lack a supporting network of friends and relations able to assist them in [getting] well-paid employment , could complain .

26th , Prisoners of the Sun — Tight budgets : Obtaining and spending energy .
26th , prisoners of the sun — tight budgets : [getting] and spending energy .

The long-standing system of allocation of grants and the consequent competition for limited resources has led to the shift to obtaining funds from other sources .
the long-standing system of allocation of grants and the consequent competition for limited resources has led to the shift to [getting] funds from other sources .

In the end they had to go over the Bishop 's head , obtaining the authorization they wanted from the Pope .
in the end they had to go over the bishop 's head , [getting] the authorization they wanted from the pope .

Listeners have to recognize that for them , too , communication is an active process , requiring them to relate the utterance to the context obtaining and to signal any inadequacy or comprehension failure when it occurs .
listeners have to recognize that for them , too , communication is an active process , requiring them to relate the utterance to the context [getting] and to signal any inadequacy or comprehension failure when it occurs .

Since obtaining its identity as No 412 ( Transport ) Squadron at Rockcliffe on 1 Apr 49 , the principal role of the squadron has always been to provide transportation for high level military and government personnel .
since [getting] its identity as no 412 ( transport ) squadron at rockcliffe on 1 apr 49 , the principal role of the squadron has always been to provide transportation for high level military and government personnel .

The first was simply obtaining suitable material … The second was having the material produced … The third was ensuring that whatever equipment was required was at the right place — and would work .
the first was simply [getting] suitable material … the second was having the material produced … the third was ensuring that whatever equipment was required was at the right place — and would work .

The skill is in obtaining the facts and interpreting them .
the skill is in [getting] the facts and interpreting them .

Then get together with your team to agree on the best approach to communications , consultation and obtaining commitment in your area . ( Anyone who suggests another committee should be sent to serve for twelve months on the company 's welfare , safety or canteen committee ! )
then get together with your team to agree on the best approach to communications , consultation and [getting] commitment in your area . ( anyone who suggests another committee should be sent to serve for twelve months on the company 's welfare , safety or canteen committee ! )

As soon as he knows about it he goes into automatic `` crisis mode `` , remaining cool and placing top priority on obtaining the key facts and assessing the options to minimize damage to the company and its people while resolving the problem .
as soon as he knows about it he goes into automatic `` crisis mode `` , remaining cool and placing top priority on [getting] the key facts and assessing the options to minimize damage to the company and its people while resolving the problem .

There were many good reasons for adopting the latter course as Claudius badly needed to be certain of the loyalty of his army , and there was no better opportunity for obtaining this than the prospect of a great victory .
there were many good reasons for adopting the latter course as claudius badly needed to be certain of the loyalty of his army , and there was no better opportunity for [getting] this than the prospect of a great victory .

It is undoubtedly the case that many AJRs raise matters of urgency for applicants but in such cases the applicant , who is usually the party with the interest in obtaining information , can choose not to seek discovery etc .
it is undoubtedly the case that many ajrs raise matters of urgency for applicants but in such cases the applicant , who is usually the party with the interest in [getting] information , can choose not to seek discovery etc .

The main obstacle in the way of the auction seems to be the difficulty of obtaining export licences .
the main obstacle in the way of the auction seems to be the difficulty of [getting] export licences .

Travel and accommodation costs necessarily incurred abroad in obtaining temporary travel documents to replace lost or stolen passport .
travel and accommodation costs necessarily incurred abroad in [getting] temporary travel documents to replace lost or stolen passport .

To explore such a topic adequately in the context of an exhibition , given the imprecision of the phenomenon and the difficulty of obtaining the right loans to provide specific comparisons , is probably an impossible task .
to explore such a topic adequately in the context of an exhibition , given the imprecision of the phenomenon and the difficulty of [getting] the right loans to provide specific comparisons , is probably an impossible task .

Feigen has been unusually fortunate in obtaining loans from several museums , which as a group , do not often lend to dealer exhibitions .
feigen has been unusually fortunate in [getting] loans from several museums , which as a group , do not often lend to dealer exhibitions .

This is important not only in the interests of keeping production flowing but also in obtaining the most natural pictures of the operatives and staff involved .
this is important not only in the interests of keeping production flowing but also in [getting] the most natural pictures of the operatives and staff involved .

If you are buying from a friend it may be worth obtaining an independent assessment in order to avoid the risk of either side feeling that they may have been unfairly treated .
if you are buying from a friend it may be worth [getting] an independent assessment in order to avoid the risk of either side feeling that they may have been unfairly treated .

One of the major factors creating difficulties in obtaining information is randomness in the external environment facing the firm .
one of the major factors creating difficulties in [getting] information is randomness in the external environment facing the firm .

Watt found great difficulty in working with the Cornish mine captains and obtaining from them full payment for the engines they had built or modified .
watt found great difficulty in working with the cornish mine captains and [getting] from them full payment for the engines they had built or modified .

The problem of meeting the probable needs and wishes of the wider constituency which might now be considered eligible for some sort of formal association with the University after obtaining a qualification therefore needs to be addressed .
the problem of meeting the probable needs and wishes of the wider constituency which might now be considered eligible for some sort of formal association with the university after [getting] a qualification therefore needs to be addressed .

The constitution of Convocation might be altered in order for it to be open to those obtaining recognised qualifications other than degrees , or those obtaining approved qualifications moderated by the University .
the constitution of convocation might be altered in order for it to be open to those [getting] recognised qualifications other than degrees , or those [getting] approved qualifications moderated by the university .

Every year a number of our graduates , many in important executive positions , return to Salford at Convocation 's invitation to tell current students about their experiences both in obtaining employment and the type of work they do .
every year a number of our graduates , many in important executive positions , return to salford at convocation 's invitation to tell current students about their experiences both in [getting] employment and the type of work they do .

This consolidated previous legislation concerning maintenance payments to divorced and separated women but did not resolve their long-standing difficulties in obtaining these payments from recalcitrant or poor husbands .
this consolidated previous legislation concerning maintenance payments to divorced and separated women but did not resolve their long-standing difficulties in [getting] these payments from recalcitrant or poor husbands .

Reinforced by troops from the sizeable Japanese army in Korea , which crossed into Manchuria without obtaining prior permission from the Japanese government , the Guandong Army had extended its occupation to three of the four provinces of Manchuria by 1932 .
reinforced by troops from the sizeable japanese army in korea , which crossed into manchuria without [getting] prior permission from the japanese government , the guandong army had extended its occupation to three of the four provinces of manchuria by 1932 .

Membership enables you to benefit from the Thomas Cook expertise in obtaining the best value for money deals .
membership enables you to benefit from the thomas cook expertise in [getting] the best value for money deals .

So , even if you have slightly over-estimated your commitments , you will still be obtaining full value from the Account .
so , even if you have slightly over-estimated your commitments , you will still be [getting] full value from the account .

It is a cost effective and secure method of obtaining guaranteed payment , simplifies numerous back office procedures including reconciliation , and can enhance customer service levels by reducing paperwork and increasing throughput speed at point of sale .
it is a cost effective and secure method of [getting] guaranteed payment , simplifies numerous back office procedures including reconciliation , and can enhance customer service levels by reducing paperwork and increasing throughput speed at point of sale .

It is your key to obtaining instant money from many cash machines in Andorra , Denmark , France , Italy , Luxembourg , Portugal , Spain and West Germany .
it is your key to [getting] instant money from many cash machines in andorra , denmark , france , italy , luxembourg , portugal , spain and west germany .

But they were sustained and developed , with Ministerial acquiescence , eventually obtaining varying degrees of support .
but they were sustained and developed , with ministerial acquiescence , eventually [getting] varying degrees of support .

Always more interested in obtaining results than in political theorizing , the new Home Secretary , in his first Cabinet post ( one that he coveted ) lost no time in setting his stamp on a Department that had become accident prone .
always more interested in [getting] results than in political theorizing , the new home secretary , in his first cabinet post ( one that he coveted ) lost no time in setting his stamp on a department that had become accident prone .

… a body of evidence , too substantial to disregard , which in effect accused the police of stooping to the use of undesirable means of obtaining statements and of occasionally giving perjured evidence in a court of law .
… a body of evidence , too substantial to disregard , which in effect accused the police of stooping to the use of undesirable means of [getting] statements and of occasionally giving perjured evidence in a court of law .

In turn the pigs may actually improve tree growth with their manure , whilst obtaining extra feed from tree clippings and grass .
in turn the pigs may actually improve tree growth with their manure , whilst [getting] extra feed from tree clippings and grass .

Although a phenomenal critical and box-office success , it took Stone ten years to raise the finance , eventually obtaining it through the British Hemdale company .
although a phenomenal critical and box-office success , it took stone ten years to raise the finance , eventually [getting] it through the british hemdale company .

Denial by the physically abused person is another barrier to obtaining accurate figures .
denial by the physically abused person is another barrier to [getting] accurate figures .

Parliamentary sovereignty was felt to be compatible with the rule of law primarily because ‘ the commands of Parliament … can be uttered only through the combined actions of its three constituent parts ’ and that , ‘ unlike a sovereign monarch who is not only a legislator but a ruler , that is , head of the executive government , has never hitherto been able to use the powers of the government as a means of interfering with the regular course of law ’ . The rule of law upholds Parliamentary sovereignty because the ‘ rigidity of the law constantly hampers … the action of the executive , and … the government can escape only by obtaining from Parliament the discretionary authority which is denied to the Crown by the law of the land ’
parliamentary sovereignty was felt to be compatible with the rule of law primarily because ‘ the commands of parliament … can be uttered only through the combined actions of its three constituent parts ’ and that , ‘ unlike a sovereign monarch who is not only a legislator but a ruler , that is , head of the executive government , has never hitherto been able to use the powers of the government as a means of interfering with the regular course of law ’ . the rule of law upholds parliamentary sovereignty because the ‘ rigidity of the law constantly hampers … the action of the executive , and … the government can escape only by [getting] from parliament the discretionary authority which is denied to the crown by the law of the land ’

When the problem has been resolved , the Problem Solver should obtain the agreement of the Test Manager or the Computer Group Manager , depending on who originally assigned the problem to him , to close the problem report . After obtaining this agreement the Problem Solver should :
when the problem has been resolved , the problem solver should obtain the agreement of the test manager or the computer group manager , depending on who originally assigned the problem to him , to close the problem report . after [getting] this agreement the problem solver should :

Successful collaboration during the first Whitehall study made it easier to agree on potentially difficult issues such as obtaining sickness absence records from the pay centres .
successful collaboration during the first whitehall study made it easier to agree on potentially difficult issues such as [getting] sickness absence records from the pay centres .

Ideally , there should be a handy way of obtaining an immediate print-out of any portion of text which poses problems that require special attention and can best be worked out on paper before the on-screen operations are attempted .
ideally , there should be a handy way of [getting] an immediate print-out of any portion of text which poses problems that require special attention and can best be worked out on paper before the on-screen operations are attempted .

One possible way of obtaining these special facilities might be to create a special cross-reference file that can be called upon at any stage and edited as the need arises .
one possible way of [getting] these special facilities might be to create a special cross-reference file that can be called upon at any stage and edited as the need arises .

Even if a president and his staff are successful in obtaining the cooperation of party and committee leaders , there are no guarantees that they will be able to deliver the votes of rank-and-file members .
even if a president and his staff are successful in [getting] the cooperation of party and committee leaders , there are no guarantees that they will be able to deliver the votes of rank-and-file members .

Carter 's success in obtaining the nomination rested on three strengths : first , a long , energetic and assiduous campaign aided by media hype ; second , his position as a centrist candidate able to unite the liberal and conservative wings of the party ; third , his position as a Washington outsider untainted by the current collapse of confidence in political leaders .
carter 's success in [getting] the nomination rested on three strengths : first , a long , energetic and assiduous campaign aided by media hype ; second , his position as a centrist candidate able to unite the liberal and conservative wings of the party ; third , his position as a washington outsider untainted by the current collapse of confidence in political leaders .

In the end , Reagan came very close to defeating Ford , obtaining more popular votes in the primaries than the president and only losing on the ballot for the nomination in the Convention by 111 votes out of a total cast of 2,257 .
in the end , reagan came very close to defeating ford , [getting] more popular votes in the primaries than the president and only losing on the ballot for the nomination in the convention by 111 votes out of a total cast of 2,257 .

Television , which had become a major force in American political life , was essential to Reagan 's success in obtaining the Republican nomination in 1980 .
television , which had become a major force in american political life , was essential to reagan 's success in [getting] the republican nomination in 1980 .

In so far as the system worked — some disputes were settled , some crimes fully atoned for — it did so because it accommodated to the plastic and multifarious notions of justice obtaining within a small group of men , known to each other from youth up , often related by marriage , who had to reckon on continuing to live as neighbours after the case was over .
in so far as the system worked — some disputes were settled , some crimes fully atoned for — it did so because it accommodated to the plastic and multifarious notions of justice [getting] within a small group of men , known to each other from youth up , often related by marriage , who had to reckon on continuing to live as neighbours after the case was over .

Obtaining an entry for update or the creation of a new entry requires the lexicographer to be a member of a group which owns the bundle ( or range of entries ) to which the entry belongs .
[getting] an entry for update or the creation of a new entry requires the lexicographer to be a member of a group which owns the bundle ( or range of entries ) to which the entry belongs .

Another good way of obtaining animals from a pond is to scoop up the surface layers of soft mud from the bottom-use the net ( carefully ! )
another good way of [getting] animals from a pond is to scoop up the surface layers of soft mud from the bottom-use the net ( carefully ! )

Thus it was proven that no universal radical formula for obtaining all the roots of every quintic was available .
thus it was proven that no universal radical formula for [getting] all the roots of every quintic was available .

For the old fear of the mob was intensified by the now much greater possibility of the people obtaining real political power and political rights .
for the old fear of the mob was intensified by the now much greater possibility of the people [getting] real political power and political rights .

The Committee 's views on the issues involved in obtaining evidence of the achievement in mathematics of lower-attaining pupils are contained in paras 537–556 of their report .
the committee 's views on the issues involved in [getting] evidence of the achievement in mathematics of lower-attaining pupils are contained in paras 537–556 of their report .

Items in three contexts in particular led to the girls consistently obtaining equal or higher success rates than the boys in the sample .
items in three contexts in particular led to the girls consistently [getting] equal or higher success rates than the boys in the sample .

Section 2 of the 1920 Act provides that communicating with a foreign agent is evidence of obtaining or attempting to obtain information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy contrary to section 1 of the Act .
section 2 of the 1920 act provides that communicating with a foreign agent is evidence of [getting] or attempting to obtain information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy contrary to section 1 of the act .

Under Standing Order 58 a member may present a bill without obtaining leave from the House .
under standing order 58 a member may present a bill without [getting] leave from the house .

Thus question time has limited use in obtaining the factual information necessary to enable M.P.s to scrutinise the activities of the Government .
thus question time has limited use in [getting] the factual information necessary to enable m.p.s to scrutinise the activities of the government .

( iv ) other methods of obtaining the material have been , or are likely to be unsuccessful .
( iv ) other methods of [getting] the material have been , or are likely to be unsuccessful .

One way of obtaining a permanent record , in the nineteenth century , was for one observer to watch the galvanometer mirror through a telescope and work a key with his finger that operated a signal pen on a smoked drum kymograph .
one way of [getting] a permanent record , in the nineteenth century , was for one observer to watch the galvanometer mirror through a telescope and work a key with his finger that operated a signal pen on a smoked drum kymograph .

This method of obtaining eggs and embryos is convenient for two reasons .
this method of [getting] eggs and embryos is convenient for two reasons .

Since a complete understanding of developmental mechanisms can only be obtained if the sequence and timing of events is known , methods for obtaining synchronized embryos and their constituent blastomeres have to be developed .
since a complete understanding of developmental mechanisms can only be obtained if the sequence and timing of events is known , methods for [getting] synchronized embryos and their constituent blastomeres have to be developed .

The main method which has been used for obtaining chromosome preparations from pre-implantation embryos is again that of Tarkowski ( 5 ) and it is described in Table 2 .
the main method which has been used for [getting] chromosome preparations from pre-implantation embryos is again that of tarkowski ( 5 ) and it is described in table 2 .

There are variations in the public services deemed necessary , desirable or possible in the circumstances obtaining in different countries at different times .
there are variations in the public services deemed necessary , desirable or possible in the circumstances [getting] in different countries at different times .

Finally , and most significantly , the responsibility for providing local services is shared between appointed officials and elected councillors in a way that corresponds neither to the practices found in private organisations , nor to those obtaining in other branches of public administration .
finally , and most significantly , the responsibility for providing local services is shared between appointed officials and elected councillors in a way that corresponds neither to the practices found in private organisations , nor to those [getting] in other branches of public administration .

First , they may have difficulty in obtaining the permission of their employers or colleagues to absent themselves from work while on council business .
first , they may have difficulty in [getting] the permission of their employers or colleagues to absent themselves from work while on council business .

Nevertheless , they were greatly concerned with the idea of obtaining exact knowledge of the workings of society , and , living in a period when the natural sciences were making real strides in knowledge , felt that the application of natural science methods to the study of society might produce similar advances in understanding .
nevertheless , they were greatly concerned with the idea of [getting] exact knowledge of the workings of society , and , living in a period when the natural sciences were making real strides in knowledge , felt that the application of natural science methods to the study of society might produce similar advances in understanding .

‘ The history of marine science is intimately associated with the development of techniques for obtaining the raw data and with the vessels from which the observations were made .
‘ the history of marine science is intimately associated with the development of techniques for [getting] the raw data and with the vessels from which the observations were made .

Instead , the strategies suitable for obtaining housing of different tenures appear to encourage differences in family formation , especially early fertility or its postponement .
instead , the strategies suitable for [getting] housing of different tenures appear to encourage differences in family formation , especially early fertility or its postponement .

In a very real sense war was becoming an important supplementary source of livelihood , for which the nobility increasingly sold their services to the king in return for wages and promises of opportunities of obtaining what were euphemistically known as the ‘ advantages ’ of war : the profits of ransoms ; booty ; and grants of land seized from the conquered .
in a very real sense war was becoming an important supplementary source of livelihood , for which the nobility increasingly sold their services to the king in return for wages and promises of opportunities of [getting] what were euphemistically known as the ‘ advantages ’ of war : the profits of ransoms ; booty ; and grants of land seized from the conquered .

The complexity of the Cosmos Coach programme requires some flexibility in obtaining the required capacities from Channel ferry operators .
the complexity of the cosmos coach programme requires some flexibility in [getting] the required capacities from channel ferry operators .

Long delays in obtaining passports and visas often occur ; be sure to apply well in advance of the anticipated departure date .
long delays in [getting] passports and visas often occur ; be sure to apply well in advance of the anticipated departure date .

Their daily routine was already totally centred on the obtaining and consuming of drugs .
their daily routine was already totally centred on the [getting] and consuming of drugs .

When discussing the principal problems affecting their lives , interviewees mainly pointed to the ‘ hassles ’ of financing their habit and of obtaining supplies .
when discussing the principal problems affecting their lives , interviewees mainly pointed to the ‘ hassles ’ of financing their habit and of [getting] supplies .

Given the general distrust of authority amongst the user population and the problems encountered in obtaining treatment and successfully coming off in the community , there is obviously a need for a service which is seen by users to be impartial .
given the general distrust of authority amongst the user population and the problems encountered in [getting] treatment and successfully coming off in the community , there is obviously a need for a service which is seen by users to be impartial .

On his arrest for burglary , he admitted to all his previous offences with the sole aim of obtaining a custodial sentence .
on his arrest for burglary , he admitted to all his previous offences with the sole aim of [getting] a custodial sentence .

The final mode eliminates all official involvement and permits the plaintiff or his agent to send the documents , with some appropriate means of obtaining confirmation of their delivery , by post .
the final mode eliminates all official involvement and permits the plaintiff or his agent to send the documents , with some appropriate means of [getting] confirmation of their delivery , by post .

The Hoge Raad , treating this as a case within the Convention and not one in which the defendant 's address was unknown , ordered that the plaintiff might publish a notice in a Belgian daily paper with a view to obtaining judgment under Article 15 ( 2 ) .
the hoge raad , treating this as a case within the convention and not one in which the defendant 's address was unknown , ordered that the plaintiff might publish a notice in a belgian daily paper with a view to [getting] judgment under article 15 ( 2 ) .

The taking of evidence and the obtaining of information abroad , unless a reservation is made in this respect .
the taking of evidence and the [getting] of information abroad , unless a reservation is made in this respect .

This immediately excludes from the scope of the Protocol the whole area of taking evidence and obtaining information abroad ; this area could be excluded by Reservation from the scope of the Convention , and is also the object of a distinct Inter-American Convention .
this immediately excludes from the scope of the protocol the whole area of taking evidence and [getting] information abroad ; this area could be excluded by reservation from the scope of the convention , and is also the object of a distinct inter-american convention .

This has obvious implications for the mode of obtaining evidence for use abroad .
this has obvious implications for the mode of [getting] evidence for use abroad .

Section 25 ( 7 ) excludes from the category of available interim relief a ‘ provision for obtaining evidence ’ .
section 25 ( 7 ) excludes from the category of available interim relief a ‘ provision for [getting] evidence ’ .

In some circumstances , the information thus gained may itself be relevant to issues in pending proceedings , in which case the order is a means of obtaining evidence abroad .
in some circumstances , the information thus gained may itself be relevant to issues in pending proceedings , in which case the order is a means of [getting] evidence abroad .

In some cases this can be achieved by obtaining an order that an affidavit by the witness be read at the trial in place of oral evidence .
in some cases this can be achieved by [getting] an order that an affidavit by the witness be read at the trial in place of oral evidence .

They are primarily concerned with the use of letters rogatory , the device which had over the centuries become well-established in the practice of States , and not only those of the civil law tradition , and which remains central to the procedures for obtaining evidence from another jurisdiction .
they are primarily concerned with the use of letters rogatory , the device which had over the centuries become well-established in the practice of states , and not only those of the civil law tradition , and which remains central to the procedures for [getting] evidence from another jurisdiction .

In England , obtaining extracts of public records would not be seen as a judicial act , and the phrase ‘ other judicial acts ’ seems to remain a source of puzzlement .
in england , [getting] extracts of public records would not be seen as a judicial act , and the phrase ‘ other judicial acts ’ seems to remain a source of puzzlement .

As the text emerged from the drafting committee , the English text , but not the French text , of Article 1 made express reference to ‘ discovery ’ ; a request was not to be used for the purpose of obtaining discovery between the parties before the trial .
as the text emerged from the drafting committee , the english text , but not the french text , of article 1 made express reference to ‘ discovery ’ ; a request was not to be used for the purpose of [getting] discovery between the parties before the trial .

The Divisional Court in that case distinguished between the obtaining of evidence for use in a trial , ‘ direct ’ material , which constituted ‘ testimony ’ under that Act and which would be gathered in response to a Letter of Request , and the obtaining of ‘ indirect ’ material , which might lead to a line of enquiry pointing to actual evidence ; the English courts would not assist a foreign court to obtain such ‘ indirect ’ material .
the divisional court in that case distinguished between the [getting] of evidence for use in a trial , ‘ direct ’ material , which constituted ‘ testimony ’ under that act and which would be gathered in response to a letter of request , and the [getting] of ‘ indirect ’ material , which might lead to a line of enquiry pointing to actual evidence ; the english courts would not assist a foreign court to obtain such ‘ indirect ’ material .

Without relying on pre-1975 cases , Lord Diplock interpreted section 2 ( 3 ) ( 4 ) as excluding the obtaining , by oral deposition or the disclosure of documents , of anything other than evidence which would be admissible at the trial of the action .
without relying on pre-1975 cases , lord diplock interpreted section 2 ( 3 ) ( 4 ) as excluding the [getting] , by oral deposition or the disclosure of documents , of anything other than evidence which would be admissible at the trial of the action .

In a common law country , the preparation of a case for trial is the private responsibility of the parties , and so the taking of evidence , without compulsion , by a consul or a commissioner does not necessarily offend such a country 's concept of judicial sovereignty ; but the position may be very different where , as in many civil law countries the obtaining of evidence is part of the judicial function , and official permission is be required before the evidence can be taken privately .
in a common law country , the preparation of a case for trial is the private responsibility of the parties , and so the taking of evidence , without compulsion , by a consul or a commissioner does not necessarily offend such a country 's concept of judicial sovereignty ; but the position may be very different where , as in many civil law countries the [getting] of evidence is part of the judicial function , and official permission is be required before the evidence can be taken privately .

Under the Convention , a requested State is to apply the same measures of compulsion as would be available in purely domestic cases ; this is reflected in the provision in section 2 ( 3 ) of the Act that an order under that section may not require any particular steps to be taken unless they are steps which can be required to be taken by way of obtaining evidence for the purposes of civil proceedings in the court making the order , i.e .
under the convention , a requested state is to apply the same measures of compulsion as would be available in purely domestic cases ; this is reflected in the provision in section 2 ( 3 ) of the act that an order under that section may not require any particular steps to be taken unless they are steps which can be required to be taken by way of [getting] evidence for the purposes of civil proceedings in the court making the order , i.e .

The relationship between the Hague Convention and the other methods of obtaining evidence abroad provided for in the United States Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and comparable State rules has occupied much judicial time .
the relationship between the hague convention and the other methods of [getting] evidence abroad provided for in the united states federal rules of civil procedure and comparable state rules has occupied much judicial time .

An interpretation of the Hague Convention as the exclusive means for obtaining evidence located abroad would effectively subject every American court hearing a case involving a national of a contracting state to the internal laws of that State .
an interpretation of the hague convention as the exclusive means for [getting] evidence located abroad would effectively subject every american court hearing a case involving a national of a contracting state to the internal laws of that state .

the no profit rule — a conglomerate , when acting as a fiduciary must not make a secret profit from his position without first obtaining the consent of the principal and disclosing the profit ;
the no profit rule — a conglomerate , when acting as a fiduciary must not make a secret profit from his position without first [getting] the consent of the principal and disclosing the profit ;

he has knowingly obtained ( whether directly or indirectly ) that information from another individual who is connected with that company , or was at any time in the six months preceding the obtaining of that information , so connected , and who the tippee knows or has reasonable cause to believe , held the information by virtue of being so connected ; and he
he has knowingly obtained ( whether directly or indirectly ) that information from another individual who is connected with that company , or was at any time in the six months preceding the [getting] of that information , so connected , and who the tippee knows or has reasonable cause to believe , held the information by virtue of being so connected ; and he

In essence , therefore , a trustee or personal representative may deal , notwithstanding the fact that he possesses unpublished price sensitive information relating to the securities in which he deals , if he acts with propriety by first obtaining proper advice .
in essence , therefore , a trustee or personal representative may deal , notwithstanding the fact that he possesses unpublished price sensitive information relating to the securities in which he deals , if he acts with propriety by first [getting] proper advice .

In response to a request from a member we ask a named practitioner ( medical or alternative ) if he or she has evidence of efficacy that meets these criteria and , if not , if he or she is obtaining such evidence .
in response to a request from a member we ask a named practitioner ( medical or alternative ) if he or she has evidence of efficacy that meets these criteria and , if not , if he or she is [getting] such evidence .

And even where girls were successful in obtaining grammar school places , they were much more likely , as the 1959 Report on Early Leaving showed , to leave at age 15 , before any public examinations had been taken , thus losing one of the ‘ benefits ’ of a grammar school education .
and even where girls were successful in [getting] grammar school places , they were much more likely , as the 1959 report on early leaving showed , to leave at age 15 , before any public examinations had been taken , thus losing one of the ‘ benefits ’ of a grammar school education .

Contrary to some critical comment , he believes that credit for obtaining substantial funding for the scheme should go to the Minister himself , for having taken a personal interest in the scheme .
contrary to some critical comment , he believes that credit for [getting] substantial funding for the scheme should go to the minister himself , for having taken a personal interest in the scheme .

The proceedings include a description of obtaining mineral exploration permission in South-west England and the planning application system .
the proceedings include a description of [getting] mineral exploration permission in south-west england and the planning application system .

under Sub-Section 2(a) unless the person driving holds a licence to drive such car or has held and is not disqualified for holding or obtaining such a licence
under sub-section 2(a) unless the person driving holds a licence to drive such car or has held and is not disqualified for holding or [getting] such a licence

under Sub-Section 2 ( b ) ( c ) or ( d ) if to the knowledge of the person claiming to be indemnified the person driving does not hold a licence to drive such car unless he has held and is not disqualified for holding or obtaining such a licence
under sub-section 2 ( b ) ( c ) or ( d ) if to the knowledge of the person claiming to be indemnified the person driving does not hold a licence to drive such car unless he has held and is not disqualified for holding or [getting] such a licence

driven by the Policyholder unless he holds a licence to drive such car or has held and is not disqualified for holding or obtaining such a licence
driven by the policyholder unless he holds a licence to drive such car or has held and is not disqualified for holding or [getting] such a licence

driven on the order or with the permission of the Policyholder by any person who to the Policyholders knowledge does not hold a licence to drive such car unless such person has held and is not disqualified for holding or obtaining such a licence
driven on the order or with the permission of the policyholder by any person who to the policyholders knowledge does not hold a licence to drive such car unless such person has held and is not disqualified for holding or [getting] such a licence

Linked to the Council of Europe Waystage inventory ; emphasis of listening comprehension and on giving and obtaining factual , quantitative information .
linked to the council of europe waystage inventory ; emphasis of listening comprehension and on giving and [getting] factual , quantitative information .

The Group Insurance Executive is responsible for assessing environmental risk and where appropriate obtaining and monitoring suitable and sufficient insurance cover with respect to the Group 's environmental liability .
the group insurance executive is responsible for assessing environmental risk and where appropriate [getting] and monitoring suitable and sufficient insurance cover with respect to the group 's environmental liability .

The aim is to encourage people to make better use of their qualifications for the purpose of obtaining access to employment in other member states and to help employers to make more informed comparisons between qualifications .
the aim is to encourage people to make better use of their qualifications for the purpose of [getting] access to employment in other member states and to help employers to make more informed comparisons between qualifications .

Module 1 deals with exchanging personal information , obtaining goods and services and understanding simple written tests .
module 1 deals with exchanging personal information , [getting] goods and services and understanding simple written tests .

Level 1 language modules cover basic and general communication skills such as exchanging information , obtaining goods and services and understanding simple written material .
level 1 language modules cover basic and general communication skills such as exchanging information , [getting] goods and services and understanding simple written material .

If so , there may be a possibility of obtaining a contribution .
if so , there may be a possibility of [getting] a contribution .

We can then pay them direct with the possibility of obtaining a discount .
we can then pay them direct with the possibility of [getting] a discount .

in calculating lost pension rights the correct approach is 1 ) apply the appropriate multiplier to the appropriate multiplicand 2 ) the appropriate multiplicand is the pursuers level of wage which would have been received if currently employed 3 ) allowing for all contingencies including the chance of obtaining a pension in the future the multiplier for a 48 year old was 6 4 ) the resulting figure should be reduced for the accelerated benefit bearing in mind that the pension would not have been paid before age 65 .
in calculating lost pension rights the correct approach is 1 ) apply the appropriate multiplier to the appropriate multiplicand 2 ) the appropriate multiplicand is the pursuers level of wage which would have been received if currently employed 3 ) allowing for all contingencies including the chance of [getting] a pension in the future the multiplier for a 48 year old was 6 4 ) the resulting figure should be reduced for the accelerated benefit bearing in mind that the pension would not have been paid before age 65 .

This section of the policy excludes any expenses incurred when travel is undertaken against the advice of a qualified Medical Practitioner or if there is an intention of obtaining medical treatment during the period of insurance .
this section of the policy excludes any expenses incurred when travel is undertaken against the advice of a qualified medical practitioner or if there is an intention of [getting] medical treatment during the period of insurance .

This section covers reasonable additional travel and accommodation expenses necessarily incurred in obtaining a replacement passport are payable in the event of loss or theft of a passport whilst abroad .
this section covers reasonable additional travel and accommodation expenses necessarily incurred in [getting] a replacement passport are payable in the event of loss or theft of a passport whilst abroad .

Accordingly , one must stress again the importance of obtaining the documentation referred to above in addition to obtaining witness statements .
accordingly , one must stress again the importance of [getting] the documentation referred to above in addition to [getting] witness statements .

If the incapacity is lengthy , or becomes permanent , examine closely the third party 's job prospects , if possible , within his present employment and the possibility of obtaining alternative employment .
if the incapacity is lengthy , or becomes permanent , examine closely the third party 's job prospects , if possible , within his present employment and the possibility of [getting] alternative employment .

The marriage of Walter , Sixth Steward to Marjorie , daughter of King Robert the Bruce , eventually resulted in the Stewarts obtaining the throne in 1371 , through Walter and Marjorie 's son Robert .
the marriage of walter , sixth steward to marjorie , daughter of king robert the bruce , eventually resulted in the stewarts [getting] the throne in 1371 , through walter and marjorie 's son robert .

It was estimated that as many as a third of all members were either put out of work or seriously under employed , and students found great difficulty in obtaining placements in architects ' offices .
it was estimated that as many as a third of all members were either put out of work or seriously under employed , and students found great difficulty in [getting] placements in architects ' offices .

The Institute and a number of regions and branches were successful in obtaining grants from the Arts Council in the first tranche approved by its Architecture Unit .
the institute and a number of regions and branches were successful in [getting] grants from the arts council in the first tranche approved by its architecture unit .

The author is responsible for obtaining any clearances ( eg for copyright permission , consent of those involved in the study ) .
the author is responsible for [getting] any clearances ( eg for copyright permission , consent of those involved in the study ) .

The new MSc Course in Neural Computation was successful in its first year , with several students staying on to pursue PhD degrees at Stirling , and most others obtaining PhD studentships elsewhere .
the new msc course in neural computation was successful in its first year , with several students staying on to pursue phd degrees at stirling , and most others [getting] phd studentships elsewhere .

So how does a company in this position go about obtaining a property audit ?
so how does a company in this position go about [getting] a property audit ?

to discourage benefit fraud by identifying , investigating and , where appropriate , prosecuting those suspected of , or colluding in , obtaining benefit by deception .
to discourage benefit fraud by identifying , investigating and , where appropriate , prosecuting those suspected of , or colluding in , [getting] benefit by deception .

To discourage benefit fraud by identifying , investigating and where appropriate prosecuting those suspected of or colluding in obtaining benefit by deception
to discourage benefit fraud by identifying , investigating and where appropriate prosecuting those suspected of or colluding in [getting] benefit by deception

The guidelines describe procedures for obtaining approval for research to be conducted and specify steps to be taken in contacting establishments , and items for inclusion in letters seeking parental consent for use when the research involves pupils .
the guidelines describe procedures for [getting] approval for research to be conducted and specify steps to be taken in contacting establishments , and items for inclusion in letters seeking parental consent for use when the research involves pupils .

The author is responsible for obtaining any clearances ( eg for copyright permission , consent of those involved in the study ) .
the author is responsible for [getting] any clearances ( eg for copyright permission , consent of those involved in the study ) .

Gardeners Roadshow Owing to the inability of obtaining the services of a speaker the meeting had to be cancelled .
gardeners roadshow owing to the inability of [getting] the services of a speaker the meeting had to be cancelled .

So even if the new authorities are small in scale this must not mean that District Council staff are at any advantage in obtaining jobs in the new authorities — staff here must be able to compete on an equal basis ( 5.7 ) .
so even if the new authorities are small in scale this must not mean that district council staff are at any advantage in [getting] jobs in the new authorities — staff here must be able to compete on an equal basis ( 5.7 ) .

Where staff are unsuccessful in obtaining a Council Tax post , some will be accommodated within the Community Charge Team which will deal with the winding-down of the Community Charge , and some will be redeployed to posts in other Departments of the Council in accordance with the Council 's Code of Practice on Employee Redeployment and Transfer .
where staff are unsuccessful in [getting] a council tax post , some will be accommodated within the community charge team which will deal with the winding-down of the community charge , and some will be redeployed to posts in other departments of the council in accordance with the council 's code of practice on employee redeployment and transfer .

Students who wish to study at degree level , but who do not wish to work towards obtaining a degree , can be admitted as non-graduating or occasional students .
students who wish to study at degree level , but who do not wish to work towards [getting] a degree , can be admitted as non-graduating or occasional students .

But the price of obtaining the destruction of working-class power and organization was a loss of control over the state by the bourgeoisie and nobility .
but the price of [getting] the destruction of working-class power and organization was a loss of control over the state by the bourgeoisie and nobility .

Similarly , Pfeffer has identified ‘ dependence ’ as crucial to a group 's power , when the importance of a unit 's tasks are greater than any other 's : ‘ Power derives from having something that someone else wants or needs , and being in control of the performance or resource so that there are few alternative sources , or no alternative sources , for obtaining what is desired ’ ( Pfeffer 1981 , p. 99 ) .
similarly , pfeffer has identified ‘ dependence ’ as crucial to a group 's power , when the importance of a unit 's tasks are greater than any other 's : ‘ power derives from having something that someone else wants or needs , and being in control of the performance or resource so that there are few alternative sources , or no alternative sources , for [getting] what is desired ’ ( pfeffer 1981 , p. 99 ) .

This happens , however , in patients with obstructive jaundice caused by bile duct stricture where there is difficulty in obtaining a tissue diagnosis .
this happens , however , in patients with obstructive jaundice caused by bile duct stricture where there is difficulty in [getting] a tissue diagnosis .

Evans has drawn attention to the danger of discrimination by specialty in a cost-obsessed climate , so that ‘ a geriatrician may face the nightmare that the specialty dedicated to providing old people with the best of hospital care will become an impediment to their obtaining it ’ , even though an investment in optimum treatment often yields rich dividends through the avoidance of expensive long-term dependency .
evans has drawn attention to the danger of discrimination by specialty in a cost-obsessed climate , so that ‘ a geriatrician may face the nightmare that the specialty dedicated to providing old people with the best of hospital care will become an impediment to their [getting] it ’ , even though an investment in optimum treatment often yields rich dividends through the avoidance of expensive long-term dependency .

One of the main problems in meta-analysis is incomplete collection of data ( it is possible that some unpublished trials were not identified ) , another is the difficulty of obtaining complete data on an ‘ intention-to-treat ’ basis .
one of the main problems in meta-analysis is incomplete collection of data ( it is possible that some unpublished trials were not identified ) , another is the difficulty of [getting] complete data on an ‘ intention-to-treat ’ basis .

Second , the degree of completeness achieved in obtaining follow-up ( 92 % ) minimised any possible bias due to different responses .
second , the degree of completeness achieved in [getting] follow-up ( 92 % ) minimised any possible bias due to different responses .

Answer guide : This is a difficult situation as the ownership of the car rests with Fred but the business is obtaining a benefit because the car is used mainly for the business .
answer guide : this is a difficult situation as the ownership of the car rests with fred but the business is [getting] a benefit because the car is used mainly for the business .

Detainees in police stations should have no more difficulty in obtaining therapeutic agents than the average citizen at home , and probably less , since the latter does not generally have a car and driver to collect his medicines from the local pharmacy .
detainees in police stations should have no more difficulty in [getting] therapeutic agents than the average citizen at home , and probably less , since the latter does not generally have a car and driver to collect his medicines from the local pharmacy .

The improbability of all the above assumptions obtaining casts doubt on the Tiebout proposition .
the improbability of all the above assumptions [getting] casts doubt on the tiebout proposition .

Error obtaining filename for …
error [getting] filename for …

Stoddard Mercia 's expertise in weaving special designs to the customers ' exact requirements was a major factor in obtaining the Country Court order .
stoddard mercia 's expertise in weaving special designs to the customers ' exact requirements was a major factor in [getting] the country court order .

There was always a difficulty in obtaining enough currency , a major barrier to trading with the west .
there was always a difficulty in [getting] enough currency , a major barrier to trading with the west .

obtaining project finance .
[getting] project finance .

Obtaining project Fiance
[getting] project fiance

One method of controlling these costs is to link the production of drawings and obtaining planning permissions to payment .
one method of controlling these costs is to link the production of drawings and [getting] planning permissions to payment .

Rogelio Seradoy , the helicopter pilot of the August 1987 coup attempt leader Col. Gregorio `` Gringo `` Honasan , apparently fled from a Manila airbase after obtaining a two-day leave pass .
rogelio seradoy , the helicopter pilot of the august 1987 coup attempt leader col. gregorio `` gringo `` honasan , apparently fled from a manila airbase after [getting] a two-day leave pass .

The main restrictions on foreign travel now remaining appeared to be the difficulty of obtaining foreign exchange ( only $ 200 could be bought in the Soviet Union ) , visas ( due to long waiting lists at Western embassies in Moscow ) and airline tickets ( for example , the Soviet state airline Aeroflot reported a 13-month waiting list for New York flights ) .
the main restrictions on foreign travel now remaining appeared to be the difficulty of [getting] foreign exchange ( only $ 200 could be bought in the soviet union ) , visas ( due to long waiting lists at western embassies in moscow ) and airline tickets ( for example , the soviet state airline aeroflot reported a 13-month waiting list for new york flights ) .

On June 25 the Court ruled by five to four ( with O'Connor voting with the liberals ) to strike down part of a Minnesota law which required pregnant minors to notify both parents prior to obtaining an abortion .
on june 25 the court ruled by five to four ( with o'connor voting with the liberals ) to strike down part of a minnesota law which required pregnant minors to notify both parents prior to [getting] an abortion .

On Aug. 21 and 29 , public transport and a number of other public services were affected by warning strikes , aimed at obtaining wage increases and greater job security .
on aug. 21 and 29 , public transport and a number of other public services were affected by warning strikes , aimed at [getting] wage increases and greater job security .

The court made this ruling after obtaining the original documentation covering the Murcia results and satisfying itself as to their authenticity .
the court made this ruling after [getting] the original documentation covering the murcia results and satisfying itself as to their authenticity .

In late 1687 he began polling the deputy lieutenants and JPs to see if they would assist him in obtaining the election of a Parliament committed to the repeal of the penal laws and the Tests .
in late 1687 he began polling the deputy lieutenants and jps to see if they would assist him in [getting] the election of a parliament committed to the repeal of the penal laws and the tests .

Although in some dioceses individual families came close to obtaining a monopoly over the episcopate , in others there was considerable rivalry which came to a head at the time of episcopal elections .
although in some dioceses individual families came close to [getting] a monopoly over the episcopate , in others there was considerable rivalry which came to a head at the time of episcopal elections .

If the demand for cash , in the form of notes issued by the Bank of England , rises , the clearing banks meet the rise in demand by obtaining notes from the Bank , at the same time running down their operational balances with it .
if the demand for cash , in the form of notes issued by the bank of england , rises , the clearing banks meet the rise in demand by [getting] notes from the bank , at the same time running down their operational balances with it .

unsolicited callsthe Firm shall not make unsolicited calls on a person who is not a client for the purpose of obtaining Investment Business work .
unsolicited callsthe firm shall not make unsolicited calls on a person who is not a client for the purpose of [getting] investment business work .

The vendor can try to obtain additional protection by obtaining agreement from the purchaser that the issue of the accounting policies may only be discussed , and if appropriate the policies amended , following due diligence .
the vendor can try to obtain additional protection by [getting] agreement from the purchaser that the issue of the accounting policies may only be discussed , and if appropriate the policies amended , following due diligence .

Obtaining precise acquisition criteria prior to undertaking proactive search work .
[getting] precise acquisition criteria prior to undertaking proactive search work .

Obtaining client input for price analysis in order to value synergistic benefits and possible cost savings .
[getting] client input for price analysis in order to value synergistic benefits and possible cost savings .

The vendors may be less inclined to invite competing bids for the company if there is already a strong fit with the prospective purchaser , provided they feel they are obtaining fair value .
the vendors may be less inclined to invite competing bids for the company if there is already a strong fit with the prospective purchaser , provided they feel they are [getting] fair value .

The contract will contain provisions for the parties to co-operate in obtaining necessary consents from third parties .
the contract will contain provisions for the parties to co-operate in [getting] necessary consents from third parties .

In connection with the obtaining of consents , especially where the seller is a guarantor , a parent company guarantee may be required .
in connection with the [getting] of consents , especially where the seller is a guarantor , a parent company guarantee may be required .

The contract may provide that the obtaining of some or all of these consents is a condition to completion , waivable by the acquirer .
the contract may provide that the [getting] of some or all of these consents is a condition to completion , waivable by the acquirer .

General compliance with laws and obtaining of necessary licences and consents .
general compliance with laws and [getting] of necessary licences and consents .

In one party valuations , the valuer is often advising his client ( ie one party to the transaction ) on the way of obtaining the most favourable price which can be established within sensible limits .
in one party valuations , the valuer is often advising his client ( ie one party to the transaction ) on the way of [getting] the most favourable price which can be established within sensible limits .

Stage 1 : Market research involves obtaining the information with which to identify all potential candidates and with which to evaluate them .
stage 1 : market research involves [getting] the information with which to identify all potential candidates and with which to evaluate them .

when obtaining information through interviews care must be exercised .
when [getting] information through interviews care must be exercised .

Whilst an estimate of our fees has been given , additional costs may be required as a result of any material change in the assignment or difficulties in obtaining information which could not reasonably be foreseen and which caused additional work not included in the original estimate .
whilst an estimate of our fees has been given , additional costs may be required as a result of any material change in the assignment or difficulties in [getting] information which could not reasonably be foreseen and which caused additional work not included in the original estimate .

Market research involves obtaining the information with which to identify all potential acquisition candidates and with which to evaluate them .
market research involves [getting] the information with which to identify all potential acquisition candidates and with which to evaluate them .

It is more than an atlas : it is a superbly illustrated synopsis of the characteristics of the major tropical diseases , their infective agents , their ecology , their life cycles and their vectors … probably the best value for money for anyone interested in obtaining an illustrated guide to tropical medicine and medical parasitology . ``
it is more than an atlas : it is a superbly illustrated synopsis of the characteristics of the major tropical diseases , their infective agents , their ecology , their life cycles and their vectors … probably the best value for money for anyone interested in [getting] an illustrated guide to tropical medicine and medical parasitology . ``

to provide new estimates of several economic relationships reflecting the probability of obtaining job training , the private benefits of training ( as reflected in career progress by individuals ) and the social benefits of training ( as reflected in increased labour mobility ) .
to provide new estimates of several economic relationships reflecting the probability of [getting] job training , the private benefits of training ( as reflected in career progress by individuals ) and the social benefits of training ( as reflected in increased labour mobility ) .

An investigation into approaches and tools which may be of assistance in obtaining satisfactory loading efficiency .
an investigation into approaches and tools which may be of assistance in [getting] satisfactory loading efficiency .

a 1-stage Delphi with interactive feedback ) earlier in this research programme has shown that many employers embarking often for the first time on strategic employment policy-making require some means of obtaining confirmation they are on the right lines .
a 1-stage delphi with interactive feedback ) earlier in this research programme has shown that many employers embarking often for the first time on strategic employment policy-making require some means of [getting] confirmation they are on the right lines .

This research seeks to explore , in a chosen area of the country , the merits of this form of marketing by obtaining and analysing the views of the prime participants in this process .
this research seeks to explore , in a chosen area of the country , the merits of this form of marketing by [getting] and analysing the views of the prime participants in this process .

Administrative costs incurred by the Inland Revenue are also being considered , as will any other cost to the Exchequer associated with delays in obtaining payment of tax .
administrative costs incurred by the inland revenue are also being considered , as will any other cost to the exchequer associated with delays in [getting] payment of tax .

The interviews with the parents are concerned with collecting demographic data , and with obtaining a detailed account of parental educational help at home .
the interviews with the parents are concerned with collecting demographic data , and with [getting] a detailed account of parental educational help at home .

Obtaining respondents ' co-operation
[getting] respondents ' co-operation

Obtaining reliable information about those who own and run small enterprises , however , is difficult because there are no satisfactory national data sets directly concerned with this economic grouping .
[getting] reliable information about those who own and run small enterprises , however , is difficult because there are no satisfactory national data sets directly concerned with this economic grouping .

This research aims to investigate the possibility of obtaining information for decision-makers that is more sensitive to people 's health needs .
this research aims to investigate the possibility of [getting] information for decision-makers that is more sensitive to people 's health needs .

the outcome of these disputes will not only affect the standard of living of the parties and their children , but will help to determine such matters as future accommodation , need to rely on state benefits , scope for obtaining employment , and even the prospects of re-marriage .
the outcome of these disputes will not only affect the standard of living of the parties and their children , but will help to determine such matters as future accommodation , need to rely on state benefits , scope for [getting] employment , and even the prospects of re-marriage .

Joanne McGonagle , of Carlton Drive , admits obtaining the controversial specimen paper for the new tests and distributing about 60 copies to parents .
joanne mcgonagle , of carlton drive , admits [getting] the controversial specimen paper for the new tests and distributing about 60 copies to parents .

Results will be taken from the official figures as compiled by local returning officers , and particular attention paid to obtaining accurate information on ward electorates and party labels .
results will be taken from the official figures as compiled by local returning officers , and particular attention paid to [getting] accurate information on ward electorates and party labels .

The use of British official records relating to colonial development and decolonisation tends at present to be limited by the lack of an adequate guide to the machinery of government concerned with colonial affairs , and the resultant records , as it evolved from the relative autonomy of the Colonial Office in 1925 to the highly integrated national and international system obtaining at the onset of rapid decolonisation .
the use of british official records relating to colonial development and decolonisation tends at present to be limited by the lack of an adequate guide to the machinery of government concerned with colonial affairs , and the resultant records , as it evolved from the relative autonomy of the colonial office in 1925 to the highly integrated national and international system [getting] at the onset of rapid decolonisation .

The Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 requires all police authorities to make arrangements ‘ for obtaining the views of the people ’ about the policing of their area and for enlisting their co-operation for crime prevention .
the police and criminal evidence act 1984 requires all police authorities to make arrangements ‘ for [getting] the views of the people ’ about the policing of their area and for enlisting their co-operation for crime prevention .

The poor citizen , bewildered by its ever-changing complexities , finds himself the victim of the muddled thinking and uncertain draftsmanship of the legislators who have multiplied words without knowledge , and must try to understand and then live with an Act of which he has suffered great difficulty and delay in obtaining a copy .
the poor citizen , bewildered by its ever-changing complexities , finds himself the victim of the muddled thinking and uncertain draftsmanship of the legislators who have multiplied words without knowledge , and must try to understand and then live with an act of which he has suffered great difficulty and delay in [getting] a copy .

New powers introduced by the Bill include the obtaining of evidence for the purpose of proceedings which are in contemplation as well as those which are pending , authority to have evidence taken otherwise than on oath or affirmation , and extended powers to secure the attendance of witnesses anywhere in the United Kingdom .
new powers introduced by the bill include the [getting] of evidence for the purpose of proceedings which are in contemplation as well as those which are pending , authority to have evidence taken otherwise than on oath or affirmation , and extended powers to secure the attendance of witnesses anywhere in the united kingdom .

The obtaining of corroborative statements , etc , is not done until after the Civil Aid Certificate is granted .
the [getting] of corroborative statements , etc , is not done until after the civil aid certificate is granted .

Legal advice and assistance is envisaged but has not been introduced owing to difficulties in obtaining legislation .
legal advice and assistance is envisaged but has not been introduced owing to difficulties in [getting] legislation .

Unemployed accountant Richard Hodgson ( 44 ) of Tannaghmore Road , Markethill , is on trial on four counts of dishonestly obtaining cheques worth £147,000 from the Department of the Environment for a compensation claim on dates in 1988 .
unemployed accountant richard hodgson ( 44 ) of tannaghmore road , markethill , is on trial on four counts of dishonestly [getting] cheques worth £147,000 from the department of the environment for a compensation claim on dates in 1988 .

For small motors this may be a perfectly satisfactory method of obtaining a wide speed range , because the size of power supply is unimportant .
for small motors this may be a perfectly satisfactory method of [getting] a wide speed range , because the size of power supply is unimportant .

However more sophisticated systems require the switching angle to vary with speed and methods for obtaining this variation are described in Sections 7.3.3 and 8.3.1 .
however more sophisticated systems require the switching angle to vary with speed and methods for [getting] this variation are described in sections 7.3.3 and 8.3.1 .

She felt angry at the idea being thrust on her , and more determined in her purpose of obtaining money for the drainage of the West Bog .
she felt angry at the idea being thrust on her , and more determined in her purpose of [getting] money for the drainage of the west bog .

It has been suggested by Carrington and Edwards ( 1981 ) that inefficiencies in the banking system and in the capital markets have prevented industry from obtaining the finance it requires for investment .
it has been suggested by carrington and edwards ( 1981 ) that inefficiencies in the banking system and in the capital markets have prevented industry from [getting] the finance it requires for investment .

The ease of obtaining credit may have led to over-borrowing and consequent personal and financial difficulties .
the ease of [getting] credit may have led to over-borrowing and consequent personal and financial difficulties .

It was also concerned about the problems of financing small businesses — in particular , the difficulties encountered by very small firms in obtaining venture capital , where the risk element is different in kind from large-scale high-risk industrial financing .
it was also concerned about the problems of financing small businesses — in particular , the difficulties encountered by very small firms in [getting] venture capital , where the risk element is different in kind from large-scale high-risk industrial financing .

This involves obtaining a training post as a trainee legal executive with a firm of solicitors or similar organisation , joining the Institute of Legal Executives and undertaking the Institute 's Part 1 and Part 11 examinations .
this involves [getting] a training post as a trainee legal executive with a firm of solicitors or similar organisation , joining the institute of legal executives and undertaking the institute 's part 1 and part 11 examinations .

He criticised ‘ as a policy mess ’ the present position where so many would-be solicitors are prevented from obtaining discretionary awards from local authorities , are unable to enjoy preferential rates under the Government 's student loan scheme , and are finding it increasingly difficult to find places in already hard pressed high street firms who do legal aid work .
he criticised ‘ as a policy mess ’ the present position where so many would-be solicitors are prevented from [getting] discretionary awards from local authorities , are unable to enjoy preferential rates under the government 's student loan scheme , and are finding it increasingly difficult to find places in already hard pressed high street firms who do legal aid work .

The directory will be widely distributed to advice centres and tenants groups and it is hoped that other agencies such as local police stations will be interested in obtaining copies .
the directory will be widely distributed to advice centres and tenants groups and it is hoped that other agencies such as local police stations will be interested in [getting] copies .

Now , obtaining shareware titles .
now , [getting] shareware titles .

Initial planning has started with the intention of obtaining approval in early 1993 .
initial planning has started with the intention of [getting] approval in early 1993 .

In this case the benefit from the additional information is less than the cost of obtaining it .
in this case the benefit from the additional information is less than the cost of [getting] it .

The selected ideas will now be thoroughly investigated by the team members by model making , testing , cost estimating , obtaining quotations and any other actions necessary to prove their viability .
the selected ideas will now be thoroughly investigated by the team members by model making , testing , cost estimating , [getting] quotations and any other actions necessary to prove their viability .

‘ Independently of climbing over rocks and fallen stumps of trees , the sportsman has to creep and crawl beneath and among the branches with the utmost caution , taking care only to advance when the bird 's attention is occupied in singing , or in scratching up the leaves in search of food ; to watch its actions it is necessary to remain perfectly motionless , not venturing to move even in the slightest degree , or it vanishes from sight as if by magic … None are so efficient in obtaining specimens as the naked black , whose noiseless and gliding steps enable him to steel upon it unheard and unperceived , and with a gun in his hand he rarely allows it to escape , and in many instances , he will even kill it with his own weapons . ’
‘ independently of climbing over rocks and fallen stumps of trees , the sportsman has to creep and crawl beneath and among the branches with the utmost caution , taking care only to advance when the bird 's attention is occupied in singing , or in scratching up the leaves in search of food ; to watch its actions it is necessary to remain perfectly motionless , not venturing to move even in the slightest degree , or it vanishes from sight as if by magic … none are so efficient in [getting] specimens as the naked black , whose noiseless and gliding steps enable him to steel upon it unheard and unperceived , and with a gun in his hand he rarely allows it to escape , and in many instances , he will even kill it with his own weapons . ’

Neither the Conservatives nor Labour , therefore , had a chance of retaining or obtaining office unless they abandoned for the time being the principal position which they fought the election to obtain .
neither the conservatives nor labour , therefore , had a chance of retaining or [getting] office unless they abandoned for the time being the principal position which they fought the election to obtain .

The weights of the top and bottom halves are computed by obtaining pixel counts of each and then , for example ,
the weights of the top and bottom halves are computed by [getting] pixel counts of each and then , for example ,

Lexicons for such systems tend to be small and hand-crafted , reflecting the proprietary nature of lexicons and the difficulties in obtaining the required grammatical information .
lexicons for such systems tend to be small and hand-crafted , reflecting the proprietary nature of lexicons and the difficulties in [getting] the required grammatical information .

None of us would want to find that , at the end of our work , we had produced a piece of legislation that increased the delay in obtaining the approval necessary to build new railways .
none of us would want to find that , at the end of our work , we had produced a piece of legislation that increased the delay in [getting] the approval necessary to build new railways .

To get such cases to the Crown court will therefore involve further cost to victims and trouble to the police in obtaining estimates from garages , builders and so on .
to get such cases to the crown court will therefore involve further cost to victims and trouble to the police in [getting] estimates from garages , builders and so on .

That order is made for the aggregate of the sum payable and for costs incurred by the charging authority and the court in obtaining and issuing the order .
that order is made for the aggregate of the sum payable and for costs incurred by the charging authority and the court in [getting] and issuing the order .

Gentleman then implied that it was difficult for people to obtain certificates because of the cost of obtaining the qualifications .
gentleman then implied that it was difficult for people to obtain certificates because of the cost of [getting] the qualifications .

The Crown prosecution service always faces the difficult task of obtaining adequate evidence to secure a conviction in court .
the crown prosecution service always faces the difficult task of [getting] adequate evidence to secure a conviction in court .

It is entirely based upon the fraudulent suggestion that , if we did not support agriculture , the prices now obtaining in the world at large would be our prices .
it is entirely based upon the fraudulent suggestion that , if we did not support agriculture , the prices now [getting] in the world at large would be our prices .

Moreover , there is an absence of facilities for obtaining cards for the meters , so that many people who have to use them have to spend a considerable amount of money on travelling to get hold of cards .
moreover , there is an absence of facilities for [getting] cards for the meters , so that many people who have to use them have to spend a considerable amount of money on travelling to get hold of cards .

Member for Caithness and Sutherland ( Mr. Maclennan ) , in whose constituency Dounreay lies , pointed out that he has never had any difficulty in obtaining relevant and accurate information from the operator .
member for caithness and sutherland ( mr. maclennan ) , in whose constituency dounreay lies , pointed out that he has never had any difficulty in [getting] relevant and accurate information from the operator .

If an asylum claim that is not justified under the United Nations convention is to be the means of obtaining settlement in the United Kingdom , we need at the very least to explain , particularly to the minority communities legitimately settled here , why their friends and relatives who would like to come and join them are not allowed to do so because they told the truth when they made their applications , whereas others who are prepared to make an unfounded asylum claim can remain indefinitely .
if an asylum claim that is not justified under the united nations convention is to be the means of [getting] settlement in the united kingdom , we need at the very least to explain , particularly to the minority communities legitimately settled here , why their friends and relatives who would like to come and join them are not allowed to do so because they told the truth when they made their applications , whereas others who are prepared to make an unfounded asylum claim can remain indefinitely .

However , the Prime Minister is not capable of obtaining a deal which will be to the benefit of the British people .
however , the prime minister is not capable of [getting] a deal which will be to the benefit of the british people .

As regards the registration document , it was not a case of obtaining consent by a trick ; he had obtained the possession by a trick but he had obtained no consent at all to that possession .
as regards the registration document , it was not a case of [getting] consent by a trick ; he had obtained the possession by a trick but he had obtained no consent at all to that possession .

After obtaining her degree , she decided against teaching , opting instead for a career as a freelance translator .
after [getting] her degree , she decided against teaching , opting instead for a career as a freelance translator .

Negotations are proceeding with a view to obtaining grant aid to help with the considerable setting up costs which will be involved and advice taken with regard to design and layout of exhibits .
negotations are proceeding with a view to [getting] grant aid to help with the considerable setting up costs which will be involved and advice taken with regard to design and layout of exhibits .

One can not know completely either the information that was available or the value that should have to be associated with obtaining more information prior to the decision being taken .
one can not know completely either the information that was available or the value that should have to be associated with [getting] more information prior to the decision being taken .

The personal characteristics included are those relevant to the chances of obtaining a given vacancy : age , marital status , race , individual 's labour market history , etc .
the personal characteristics included are those relevant to the chances of [getting] a given vacancy : age , marital status , race , individual 's labour market history , etc .

The fact that an individual started searching for a job while in his old job does not significantly increase the chance of obtaining an offer .
the fact that an individual started searching for a job while in his old job does not significantly increase the chance of [getting] an offer .

The question remains as to the optimal method of obtaining a consistent estimate of the parameter on the change term in wealth over the full sample period .
the question remains as to the optimal method of [getting] a consistent estimate of the parameter on the change term in wealth over the full sample period .

One way of obtaining figures for the classes is to ask people what class they think they belong to .
one way of [getting] figures for the classes is to ask people what class they think they belong to .

Both Britain and France found difficulty in obtaining sufficient volunteers for their fleets , partly because the wages they offered their sailors compared very poorly with what could be obtained by service on a merchantman , and still more so with what might be made on a successful privateer .
both britain and france found difficulty in [getting] sufficient volunteers for their fleets , partly because the wages they offered their sailors compared very poorly with what could be obtained by service on a merchantman , and still more so with what might be made on a successful privateer .

obtaining up-to-date data to make problems closer to real life
[getting] up-to-date data to make problems closer to real life

If the wife were to pledge her husband 's credit in these circumstances , she would be guilty of obtaining by false pretences or obtaining credit by fraud under the then law ( now obtaining by deception — Theft Act 1968 ) . Should her promise to refrain from so doing constitute good consideration ?
if the wife were to pledge her husband 's credit in these circumstances , she would be guilty of [getting] by false pretences or [getting] credit by fraud under the then law ( now [getting] by deception — theft act 1968 ) . should her promise to refrain from so doing constitute good consideration ?

Indeed , it is an educational paradox that at present ‘ free choice in a co-educational system can place boys and girls at a disadvantage in attempting to realize their personal potential ; in addition , such ‘ choice ’ can place girls at a disadvantage in obtaining challenging employment , through their subject ‘ options ’ .
indeed , it is an educational paradox that at present ‘ free choice in a co-educational system can place boys and girls at a disadvantage in attempting to realize their personal potential ; in addition , such ‘ choice ’ can place girls at a disadvantage in [getting] challenging employment , through their subject ‘ options ’ .

Procedures for obtaining funding , however , seem designed to stifle any enterprise and initiative .
procedures for [getting] funding , however , seem designed to stifle any enterprise and initiative .

Team briefing is our main vehicle for communicating information about the company and for obtaining feed-back through the organisation .
team briefing is our main vehicle for communicating information about the company and for [getting] feed-back through the organisation .

Franco 's success in obtaining German and Italian equipment greatly increased his political stock among the rebels .
franco 's success in [getting] german and italian equipment greatly increased his political stock among the rebels .

The tutor is permitted to assist the student in obtaining and operationalising any resources required for the investigation , eg computers and software .
the tutor is permitted to assist the student in [getting] and operationalising any resources required for the investigation , eg computers and software .

In an economic climate such as that obtaining at the current time , employers are even more likely than usual to wish to alter their employees ' terms and conditions of employment , whether relating to pay , overtime requirements or other matters .
in an economic climate such as that [getting] at the current time , employers are even more likely than usual to wish to alter their employees ' terms and conditions of employment , whether relating to pay , overtime requirements or other matters .

there will be difficulty in obtaining input data and uncertainty in it ; consider sensitivity analysis
there will be difficulty in [getting] input data and uncertainty in it ; consider sensitivity analysis

Rule No 3 Obtaining and Accepting Work
rule no 3 [getting] and accepting work

Rule No 13 Obtaining Instructions from a Client
rule no 13 [getting] instructions from a client

Obtaining a representative sample of children to study in early 1940 was well nigh impossible : were those children who remained in billets in February 1940 a tiny minority who had enjoyed the evacuation experience , who liked country life , who had kindly hosts , who did not suffer homesickness , or who were being exceptionally well fed by their hosts ?
[getting] a representative sample of children to study in early 1940 was well nigh impossible : were those children who remained in billets in february 1940 a tiny minority who had enjoyed the evacuation experience , who liked country life , who had kindly hosts , who did not suffer homesickness , or who were being exceptionally well fed by their hosts ?

Nevertheless , the party contained not a few who disapproved of the caution of the Labour leadership in retaining the electoral truce yet apparently obtaining so few significant concessions in respect of policy from the coalition government . In an article published in America Harold Laski attacked both Attlee and the trade union leadership :
nevertheless , the party contained not a few who disapproved of the caution of the labour leadership in retaining the electoral truce yet apparently [getting] so few significant concessions in respect of policy from the coalition government . in an article published in america harold laski attacked both attlee and the trade union leadership :

This was a most unusual indication of the strength of public feeling , for it was apparently motivated , so far as the Ministry was concerned , by the desire to ‘ steal the thunder ’ of the Communist Party and prevent that body from obtaining the credit for the popular enthusiasm .
this was a most unusual indication of the strength of public feeling , for it was apparently motivated , so far as the ministry was concerned , by the desire to ‘ steal the thunder ’ of the communist party and prevent that body from [getting] the credit for the popular enthusiasm .

Before considering the status of arousal as a concept some of the problems in obtaining empirical support for any of the three relationships will be discussed .
before considering the status of arousal as a concept some of the problems in [getting] empirical support for any of the three relationships will be discussed .

Rather than simply obtaining average values for the 40 junctions and correlating the averages , hence obscuring the variance in individual subjects ’ responses , the procedure described in Dunlap , Jones & Bittner ( 1983 ) was followed and average correlations were calculated .
rather than simply [getting] average values for the 40 junctions and correlating the averages , hence obscuring the variance in individual subjects ’ responses , the procedure described in dunlap , jones & bittner ( 1983 ) was followed and average correlations were calculated .

The major concern in designing an experiment to meet the criteria given above was to avoid obtaining ceiling effects .
the major concern in designing an experiment to meet the criteria given above was to avoid [getting] ceiling effects .

It may be that a prerequisite for obtaining reversals in the effects of risk on recognition is that there is a reasonable amount of peripheral information available in the situation .
it may be that a prerequisite for [getting] reversals in the effects of risk on recognition is that there is a reasonable amount of peripheral information available in the situation .

The primary objective of the 24 hour Tour de Matthey was to raise money for Cancer Relief Macmillan Fund , Johnson Matthey 's Charity of the Year , by obtaining sponsorship for Daves race against the clock and test of physical and mental endurance !
the primary objective of the 24 hour tour de matthey was to raise money for cancer relief macmillan fund , johnson matthey 's charity of the year , by [getting] sponsorship for daves race against the clock and test of physical and mental endurance !

‘ … a great deal of academic research work is never heard of again once it has served its basic purpose of obtaining another qualification for its originator . ’
‘ … a great deal of academic research work is never heard of again once it has served its basic purpose of [getting] another qualification for its originator . ’

The reasons for using reprint requests rather than obtaining photocopies by using inter-library loan services relate to the much better print quality found in reprints ( they should be as good as the original printing ) ; the speed of response compared to library services ; and the establishment of personal contacts .
the reasons for using reprint requests rather than [getting] photocopies by using inter-library loan services relate to the much better print quality found in reprints ( they should be as good as the original printing ) ; the speed of response compared to library services ; and the establishment of personal contacts .

Nowadays , the census does not seek information about the numbers of people obtaining support from different factors of production , but has extended its range into a whole gamut of policy-related matters such as housing , education , income as well as occupation , and , very recently , ethnic status .
nowadays , the census does not seek information about the numbers of people [getting] support from different factors of production , but has extended its range into a whole gamut of policy-related matters such as housing , education , income as well as occupation , and , very recently , ethnic status .

For the early British researchers , surveys were a means of obtaining from large numbers of people reports on their conditions of life , while for the American surveyors , more interest was expressed in attitudes and opinions which predispose people to behave in certain ways .
for the early british researchers , surveys were a means of [getting] from large numbers of people reports on their conditions of life , while for the american surveyors , more interest was expressed in attitudes and opinions which predispose people to behave in certain ways .

There are , of course , some obvious practical benefits in the use of interviews and questionnaires in surveys ; the main one being that they are an economical way of obtaining data related to the behaviour and attitudes of large and sometimes scattered populations .
there are , of course , some obvious practical benefits in the use of interviews and questionnaires in surveys ; the main one being that they are an economical way of [getting] data related to the behaviour and attitudes of large and sometimes scattered populations .

On May 5 a special court had acquitted Zardari of fraudulently obtaining a bank loan .
on may 5 a special court had acquitted zardari of fraudulently [getting] a bank loan .

The switch by currency dealers from the dollar to the deutschmark — not least due to the wide gap in interest rates obtaining in both countries — also had an effect on other European currencies .
the switch by currency dealers from the dollar to the deutschmark — not least due to the wide gap in interest rates [getting] in both countries — also had an effect on other european currencies .

Repeated attempts to ascertain the cause of the disaster had encountered difficulties in obtaining information [ see pp .
repeated attempts to ascertain the cause of the disaster had encountered difficulties in [getting] information [ see pp .

Another former minister , Faisal Saleh Hayat , was charged on Oct. 21 and 23 with fraudulently obtaining bank loans and misdirecting public funds .
another former minister , faisal saleh hayat , was charged on oct. 21 and 23 with fraudulently [getting] bank loans and misdirecting public funds .

It was noted that private farms faced difficulties both in obtaining equipment and because of poor sales and transport networks .
it was noted that private farms faced difficulties both in [getting] equipment and because of poor sales and transport networks .

The meeting also approved changes to voting arrangements , abolishing certain procedures first employed in 1988 party elections [ see p. 36137 ] , including the controversial queue-voting system ( whereby voters in primary elections queued publicly behind a picture of their preferred candidate ) and the rule under which candidates obtaining 70 per cent of the votes in such primaries were entitled to go forward unopposed .
the meeting also approved changes to voting arrangements , abolishing certain procedures first employed in 1988 party elections [ see p. 36137 ] , including the controversial queue-voting system ( whereby voters in primary elections queued publicly behind a picture of their preferred candidate ) and the rule under which candidates [getting] 70 per cent of the votes in such primaries were entitled to go forward unopposed .

Opposition deputies said that the bill would establish `` an apartheid regime `` , as citizenship had implications for obtaining work and property ownership .
opposition deputies said that the bill would establish `` an apartheid regime `` , as citizenship had implications for [getting] work and property ownership .

Once again competitive prices were highly ranked by comparatively few DGMs ( 24 per cent ) though the same proportion of respondents were experiencing problems in obtaining comparative cost data as in the first year .
once again competitive prices were highly ranked by comparatively few dgms ( 24 per cent ) though the same proportion of respondents were experiencing problems in [getting] comparative cost data as in the first year .

These are required for obtaining , checking and retrieving specific facts and pieces of information , particularly but not entirely from secondary sources …
these are required for [getting] , checking and retrieving specific facts and pieces of information , particularly but not entirely from secondary sources …

The normal period between contract and completion is a little over a month , but the Lois Scribener rules must be taken into account in fixing a date , as … considerable delays … can occur in obtaining replies to Land Registry searches .
the normal period between contract and completion is a little over a month , but the lois scribener rules must be taken into account in fixing a date , as … considerable delays … can occur in [getting] replies to land registry searches .

The gist of Lord Templeman 's words is that an occupant of residential accommodation , not obtaining exclusive possession , is a `` lodger `` , and lodgers are not tenants .
the gist of lord templeman 's words is that an occupant of residential accommodation , not [getting] exclusive possession , is a `` lodger `` , and lodgers are not tenants .

The real question on this part of the case , as it appears to me , is whether the landlords effected a re-entry , constructively , by obtaining Mr Clayton 's consent to their actions upon the terms of the first letter of 19 October 1984 .
the real question on this part of the case , as it appears to me , is whether the landlords effected a re-entry , constructively , by [getting] mr clayton 's consent to their actions upon the terms of the first letter of 19 october 1984 .

( d ) Such an intent is not needed in most other Theft Acts offences such as obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception ( s.16 ) .
( d ) such an intent is not needed in most other theft acts offences such as [getting] a pecuniary advantage by deception ( s.16 ) .

It should be noted , however , that in Lawrence there was an appropriation when the accused obtained goods by deception ; that under Lawrence the accused may appropriate when the parties are in a contractual relationship ; and that Lawrence shows that the same facts can amount to theft and obtaining property by deception .
it should be noted , however , that in lawrence there was an appropriation when the accused obtained goods by deception ; that under lawrence the accused may appropriate when the parties are in a contractual relationship ; and that lawrence shows that the same facts can amount to theft and [getting] property by deception .

( e ) The charge should have been under s.15 of the Act , obtaining property by deception .
( e ) the charge should have been under s.15 of the act , [getting] property by deception .

The charge should be attempted theft or obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception .
the charge should be attempted theft or [getting] a pecuniary advantage by deception .

The accused may , however , be guilty of theft of the money or of obtaining the money by deception .
the accused may , however , be guilty of theft of the money or of [getting] the money by deception .

Otherwise , theft and obtaining property by deception would very largely overlap — see the next chapter .
otherwise , theft and [getting] property by deception would very largely overlap — see the next chapter .

14 Obtaining by deception , making off without payment
14 [getting] by deception , making off without payment

The Theft Act 1968 created five offences of obtaining by deception , of which the most important are obtaining property by deception ( s.15 ) and obtaining a pecuniary advantage by deception ( s.16 ) .
the theft act 1968 created five offences of [getting] by deception , of which the most important are [getting] property by deception ( s.15 ) and [getting] a pecuniary advantage by deception ( s.16 ) .

Part of s.16 was abolished by the Theft Act 1978 , which created three offences : obtaining services by deception ( s.1 ) , evading liability by deception ( s.2 ) , and making off without payment ( s.3 ) .
part of s.16 was abolished by the theft act 1978 , which created three offences : [getting] services by deception ( s.1 ) , evading liability by deception ( s.2 ) , and making off without payment ( s.3 ) .

Obtaining by deception
[getting] by deception

By s.15 ( 2 ) `` … a person is to be treated as obtaining property if he obtains possession or control of it , and `` obtain `` includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain or retain `` .
by s.15 ( 2 ) `` … a person is to be treated as [getting] property if he obtains possession or control of it , and `` obtain `` includes [getting] for another or enabling another to obtain or retain `` .

The aim was that s.15 alone would cover obtaining ownership by deception .
the aim was that s.15 alone would cover [getting] ownership by deception .

Both s.1 and s.15 would cover obtaining possession or control by deception .
both s.1 and s.15 would cover [getting] possession or control by deception .

Theft would not cover obtaining ownership by deception .
theft would not cover [getting] ownership by deception .

( c ) Appropriation and obtaining are similar concepts .
( c ) appropriation and [getting] are similar concepts .

Obtaining services by deception ( s.1 )
[getting] services by deception ( s.1 )

( 2 ) It is an obtaining of services where the other is induced to confer a benefit by doing some act , or causing or permitting some act to be done , on the understanding that the benefit has been or will be paid for .
( 2 ) it is an [getting] of services where the other is induced to confer a benefit by doing some act , or causing or permitting some act to be done , on the understanding that the benefit has been or will be paid for .

Obtaining a place at a university for one 's daughter is a service and is so despite the accused herself not obtaining the service for herself .
[getting] a place at a university for one 's daughter is a service and is so despite the accused herself not [getting] the service for herself .

An agreement to provide services will not suffice , and a charge of attempted obtaining should be used .
an agreement to provide services will not suffice , and a charge of attempted [getting] should be used .

If the accused helps himself to services , for example , by sneaking into a cinema when no one is looking , there is no obtaining by deception .
if the accused helps himself to services , for example , by sneaking into a cinema when no one is looking , there is no [getting] by deception .

( g ) The deception must cause the obtaining .
( g ) the deception must cause the [getting] .

( 4 ) For purposes of subsection ( 1 ) ( c ) " obtains " includes obtaining for another or enabling another to obtain .
( 4 ) for purposes of subsection ( 1 ) ( c ) " obtains " includes [getting] for another or enabling another to obtain .

( c ) The section is limited to the obtaining of credit in respect of the payment of money ( `` liability to make a payment `` ) .
( c ) the section is limited to the [getting] of credit in respect of the payment of money ( `` liability to make a payment `` ) .

( j ) An example of a dishonest obtaining of exemption from liability to make a payment occurred in Firth .
( j ) an example of a dishonest [getting] of exemption from liability to make a payment occurred in firth .

( e ) was `` the obtaining … , wholly or partially , by virtue of the deception `` ?
( e ) was `` the [getting] … , wholly or partially , by virtue of the deception `` ?

By s.24 goods are stolen for the purposes of handling if any one or four conditions is fulfilled : ( a ) they have been stolen contrary to s.1 ; ( b ) they have been obtained by deception contrary to s.15 ; ( c ) they have been obtained by blackmail contrary to s.21 ; ( d ) they have been subject to an act done in a foreign country which was both a crime in that country and had it occurred in England , would have been theft , obtaining by deception , or blackmail in this country .
by s.24 goods are stolen for the purposes of handling if any one or four conditions is fulfilled : ( a ) they have been stolen contrary to s.1 ; ( b ) they have been obtained by deception contrary to s.15 ; ( c ) they have been obtained by blackmail contrary to s.21 ; ( d ) they have been subject to an act done in a foreign country which was both a crime in that country and had it occurred in england , would have been theft , [getting] by deception , or blackmail in this country .

The organization hiring the programmer or consultant may want to own the copyright so that it can exploit the resultant program itself , or it may simply want to prevent its competitors from obtaining a copy of it .
the organization hiring the programmer or consultant may want to own the copyright so that it can exploit the resultant program itself , or it may simply want to prevent its competitors from [getting] a copy of it .

It does not extend to any computer program used in the making or operation of the database , though the distinction between program and system for obtaining or presenting information will be difficult to draw , particularly in the context of fourth-generation language databases .
it does not extend to any computer program used in the making or operation of the database , though the distinction between program and system for [getting] or presenting information will be difficult to draw , particularly in the context of fourth-generation language databases .

However , this could cause difficulties because a person obtaining a computer program would expect to own the copyright of anything produced using the program , and any provisions sharing the ownership of the copyright between the user and the programmer could result in an undesirable fetter on the subsequent use of information and reports generated by the computer .
however , this could cause difficulties because a person [getting] a computer program would expect to own the copyright of anything produced using the program , and any provisions sharing the ownership of the copyright between the user and the programmer could result in an undesirable fetter on the subsequent use of information and reports generated by the computer .

If the information is accidentally overheard or intercepted in circumstances where the owner of the information utters it or transmits it by insecure means ( for example , by telling someone in a crowded room or by transmitting the information by a public telecommunications system ) an obligation of confidence might not be imposed on the person obtaining the information in this manner .
if the information is accidentally overheard or intercepted in circumstances where the owner of the information utters it or transmits it by insecure means ( for example , by telling someone in a crowded room or by transmitting the information by a public telecommunications system ) an obligation of confidence might not be imposed on the person [getting] the information in this manner .

Obtaining a patent is a complex , expensive and lengthy process and the services of a patent agent are desirable because the drafting of the application and the specification is extremely important as regards the future scope of the patent .
[getting] a patent is a complex , expensive and lengthy process and the services of a patent agent are desirable because the drafting of the application and the specification is extremely important as regards the future scope of the patent .

Finally , although the legal enforcement of intellectual property rights is an expensive business , delay or dalliance can be disastrous and the possibility of obtaining some legal remedies , such as interlocutory injunctions , may be prejudiced .
finally , although the legal enforcement of intellectual property rights is an expensive business , delay or dalliance can be disastrous and the possibility of [getting] some legal remedies , such as interlocutory injunctions , may be prejudiced .

It is at this stage that the contract is carefully examined , perhaps for the first time , and the company obtaining the software realizes , too late , that as far as it is concerned , the contract is little more than worthless and does not provide adequately for the situation .
it is at this stage that the contract is carefully examined , perhaps for the first time , and the company [getting] the software realizes , too late , that as far as it is concerned , the contract is little more than worthless and does not provide adequately for the situation .

That is , did the person acquiring the subject-matter think that he was obtaining hardware or software ?
that is , did the person acquiring the subject-matter think that he was [getting] hardware or software ?

Barat then returns , encounters Travers , and succeeds in imitating Marie and obtaining the meat in order to perform a bizarre ritual to preserve it from theft : ( To touch both arse and cunt three times )
barat then returns , encounters travers , and succeeds in imitating marie and [getting] the meat in order to perform a bizarre ritual to preserve it from theft : ( to touch both arse and cunt three times )

The marked language of the Miller 's Tale , swyve and pisse , is found again in the Reeve 's Tale ; fartynge is not named as such in the Reeve 's Tale , but is included with a circumlocution that uses a marked term we have seen in the Shipman 's Tale : The miller 's boast : is no doubt intended to be simply proverbial , but has a richly ironic meaning in light of the `` beard `` that Absolon finds upon obtaining his kiss from Alison ( 3730 – 43 ) .
the marked language of the miller 's tale , swyve and pisse , is found again in the reeve 's tale ; fartynge is not named as such in the reeve 's tale , but is included with a circumlocution that uses a marked term we have seen in the shipman 's tale : the miller 's boast : is no doubt intended to be simply proverbial , but has a richly ironic meaning in light of the `` beard `` that absolon finds upon [getting] his kiss from alison ( 3730 – 43 ) .

The closing date for obtaining tickets has now passed and all money and unsold tickets should by now have been sent to Cicely Harris or Hilda Lodge , with the names of your guests .
the closing date for [getting] tickets has now passed and all money and unsold tickets should by now have been sent to cicely harris or hilda lodge , with the names of your guests .

This obviously produces an impression which is quite similar to the more dominant `` be aware `` sense — that of the subject as possessing knowledge — the only difference being that the perfective explicitly evokes this knowledge as the result of the operation of obtaining it .
this obviously produces an impression which is quite similar to the more dominant `` be aware `` sense — that of the subject as possessing knowledge — the only difference being that the perfective explicitly evokes this knowledge as the result of the operation of [getting] it .

Thus even though know has the operative sense in this use , the operation of obtaining knowledge is seen merely as the condition for predicating the infinitive 's event of the direct object .
thus even though know has the operative sense in this use , the operation of [getting] knowledge is seen merely as the condition for predicating the infinitive 's event of the direct object .

Get emphasizes the obtaining of a result : ( 169 ) Quite apart from the difficulty of getting subjects to behave " naturally " in the course of a psychological investigation , there is the difficulty of getting what is significant in behaviour to exhibit itself clearly . ( Thomson 1961 : 23 ; in van Ek 1966 : 76 )
get emphasizes the [getting] of a result : ( 169 ) quite apart from the difficulty of getting subjects to behave " naturally " in the course of a psychological investigation , there is the difficulty of getting what is significant in behaviour to exhibit itself clearly . ( thomson 1961 : 23 ; in van ek 1966 : 76 )

Order and tell are like get but simply evoke more specific means of obtaining a result .
order and tell are like get but simply evoke more specific means of [getting] a result .

We have already seen how get denotes the process leading to the obtaining of a result and so is represented as occupying a before-position with respect to the infinitive 's event ( = the result ) .
we have already seen how get denotes the process leading to the [getting] of a result and so is represented as occupying a before-position with respect to the infinitive 's event ( = the result ) .

The proportion obtaining good degrees ( i.e .
the proportion [getting] good degrees ( i.e .

However just less than 53 % achieved either a moderate or good degree and the proportion obtaining a poor degree was 13 % .
however just less than 53 % achieved either a moderate or good degree and the proportion [getting] a poor degree was 13 % .

Those obtaining a place tended to do well .
those [getting] a place tended to do well .

As a result the authors concluded that the final proportion of students obtaining good results would almost certainly be higher .
as a result the authors concluded that the final proportion of students [getting] good results would almost certainly be higher .

All are being tested by eight other people to check both the quality and possible difficulty in obtaining ingredients as well as the actual cooking .
all are being tested by eight other people to check both the quality and possible difficulty in [getting] ingredients as well as the actual cooking .

However , the leading man by his astuteness in obtaining the most beneficial terms for the conditions applying to the pitch he was hoping to take , could realise a goodly income for himself and the others .
however , the leading man by his astuteness in [getting] the most beneficial terms for the conditions applying to the pitch he was hoping to take , could realise a goodly income for himself and the others .

It is now likely to recur and , with continued reinforcement , it becomes established in the student 's repertoire as an instrumental response , capable of obtaining certain satisfaction for the student in the form of comprehension and approval in classroom situations .
it is now likely to recur and , with continued reinforcement , it becomes established in the student 's repertoire as an instrumental response , capable of [getting] certain satisfaction for the student in the form of comprehension and approval in classroom situations .

An obvious trophy , it afforded irrefutable proof that the victim was male , and obtaining it gave the additional satisfaction of dishonouring the corpse .
an obvious trophy , it afforded irrefutable proof that the victim was male , and [getting] it gave the additional satisfaction of dishonouring the corpse .

In nine patients with chronic diarrhoea and severe failure to thrive a proximal small intestinal biopsy was done using a pediatric twin port biopsy capsule after obtaining informed consent .
in nine patients with chronic diarrhoea and severe failure to thrive a proximal small intestinal biopsy was done using a pediatric twin port biopsy capsule after [getting] informed consent .

The biggest task had been the design and obtaining of the new Display Stand on show , at the rear of the Conference Hall .
the biggest task had been the design and [getting] of the new display stand on show , at the rear of the conference hall .

This study prospectively surveyed 114 consecutive patients referred from family practitioners to an outpatient clinic for the investigation of iron deficiency anaemia to determine the diagnoses contributing to the anaemia , the usefulness of certain clinical features , and the role of colonic and other investigations in obtaining the diagnosis .
this study prospectively surveyed 114 consecutive patients referred from family practitioners to an outpatient clinic for the investigation of iron deficiency anaemia to determine the diagnoses contributing to the anaemia , the usefulness of certain clinical features , and the role of colonic and other investigations in [getting] the diagnosis .

The development of a simple and reliable method of obtaining and culturing gall bladder epithelial cells from a readily available source would permit a detailed study of the biological functions of these cells and would contribute to our understanding of the pathophysiology of diseases of the biliary tree .
the development of a simple and reliable method of [getting] and culturing gall bladder epithelial cells from a readily available source would permit a detailed study of the biological functions of these cells and would contribute to our understanding of the pathophysiology of diseases of the biliary tree .

Shwartzman treated 21 patients suffering from ulcerative colitis with a ‘ phenomenon neutralising anti-colon serum ’ , obtaining good results in 18 .
shwartzman treated 21 patients suffering from ulcerative colitis with a ‘ phenomenon neutralising anti-colon serum ’ , [getting] good results in 18 .

The Chairman of the Non-Executive Committee is also empowered to approve the obtaining at the Company 's expense of independent professional advice by a Director in the furtherance of his duties as a Director .
the chairman of the non-executive committee is also empowered to approve the [getting] at the company 's expense of independent professional advice by a director in the furtherance of his duties as a director .

Defined procedures for seeking and obtaining approval for major transactions and organisational changes are in place along with a system of planning , budgeting and performance monitoring that is designed to identify any significant deviation from approved plans .
defined procedures for seeking and [getting] approval for major transactions and organisational changes are in place along with a system of planning , budgeting and performance monitoring that is designed to identify any significant deviation from approved plans .

The extra places offered were matched , as far as possible , with the requirements of those seeking pupillage and has resulted in many pupils obtaining pupillage who would not otherwise have done so .
the extra places offered were matched , as far as possible , with the requirements of those seeking pupillage and has resulted in many pupils [getting] pupillage who would not otherwise have done so .

No discussion should take place during a lesson without first obtaining the permission of the teacher concerned .
no discussion should take place during a lesson without first [getting] the permission of the teacher concerned .

The selected ideas will now be thoroughly investigated by the team members by model making , testing , cost estimating , obtaining quotations and any other actions necessary to prove their viability .
the selected ideas will now be thoroughly investigated by the team members by model making , testing , cost estimating , [getting] quotations and any other actions necessary to prove their viability .

If there were no possibility of obtaining the pipework needed for the above solution , the line h-f indicates the catastrophic failure in the general meaning of the word as well as that of Thom .
if there were no possibility of [getting] the pipework needed for the above solution , the line h-f indicates the catastrophic failure in the general meaning of the word as well as that of thom .

But the main area of controversy is whether simply obtaining unauthorised access to a computer should be a crime .
but the main area of controversy is whether simply [getting] unauthorised access to a computer should be a crime .

An Egyptian military spokesman said the government had received no official notification of the reported negotiations on the sale , but is interested in obtaining further confirmation .
an egyptian military spokesman said the government had received no official notification of the reported negotiations on the sale , but is interested in [getting] further confirmation .

But the Forest officers continued to attach and imprison men for Forest offences within these districts , and to take money from them for their deliverance from gaol , often compelling reluctant juries to make presentments against their will , and obtaining indictments in other irregular ways .
but the forest officers continued to attach and imprison men for forest offences within these districts , and to take money from them for their deliverance from gaol , often compelling reluctant juries to make presentments against their will , and [getting] indictments in other irregular ways .

threatened and awed the jurors to give a verdict for the King , and by unlawful means did surprize the county , that they might not make defence , and did use several menacing wicked speeches and actions to the jury and others , for obtaining his unjust purpose aforesaid .
threatened and awed the jurors to give a verdict for the king , and by unlawful means did surprize the county , that they might not make defence , and did use several menacing wicked speeches and actions to the jury and others , for [getting] his unjust purpose aforesaid .

As it happened , this queen mother was the most remarkable and able of them all , and it is therefore something of an irony that she had to wait for twelve years , until 1554 , and stage a successful coup , before obtaining the place which earlier queen mothers had immediately enjoyed .
as it happened , this queen mother was the most remarkable and able of them all , and it is therefore something of an irony that she had to wait for twelve years , until 1554 , and stage a successful coup , before [getting] the place which earlier queen mothers had immediately enjoyed .

Hitler 's rule had provided golden openings for armies of opportunists to ‘ better themselves ’ by pulling on the Party uniform and obtaining the profits and trappings of minor office .
hitler 's rule had provided golden openings for armies of opportunists to ‘ better themselves ’ by pulling on the party uniform and [getting] the profits and trappings of minor office .

More than two in five companies have changed their method of obtaining company cars in the last 10 years , says the survey , and of these , half changed to contract hire .
more than two in five companies have changed their method of [getting] company cars in the last 10 years , says the survey , and of these , half changed to contract hire .

He said teachers in the humanities believed that pupils were obtaining grades they could not possibly achieve in exams .
he said teachers in the humanities believed that pupils were [getting] grades they could not possibly achieve in exams .

The Matrimonial Homes Act 1967 ( as amended by the Matrimonial Homes and Property Act 1981 ) gives a spouse who is in occupation of the matrimonial home , but does not occupy it by virtue of an estate , interest , contract , or statute , protection against eviction from the dwelling without the necessity of obtaining leave of the court .
the matrimonial homes act 1967 ( as amended by the matrimonial homes and property act 1981 ) gives a spouse who is in occupation of the matrimonial home , but does not occupy it by virtue of an estate , interest , contract , or statute , protection against eviction from the dwelling without the necessity of [getting] leave of the court .

Such deeds or instruments as a rule require for their validity to be registered under the Bills of Sale Acts ( 1878 and 1882 ) , which have been passed to prevent persons from obtaining credit by continuing to remain in possession of goods when they have secretly transferred their interest in them to others .
such deeds or instruments as a rule require for their validity to be registered under the bills of sale acts ( 1878 and 1882 ) , which have been passed to prevent persons from [getting] credit by continuing to remain in possession of goods when they have secretly transferred their interest in them to others .

In cases of doubt , a trustee may protect himself by obtaining , at the cost of the trust property , the direction of the court , and the Trustee Act 1925 , s. 61 , had enabled the court to relieve a trustee , who has acted honestly and reasonably and ought fairly to be excused , from liability for breach of trust .
in cases of doubt , a trustee may protect himself by [getting] , at the cost of the trust property , the direction of the court , and the trustee act 1925 , s. 61 , had enabled the court to relieve a trustee , who has acted honestly and reasonably and ought fairly to be excused , from liability for breach of trust .

We have seen that the difficulty of obtaining the gratuitous services of suitable persons to act as trustees has necessarily led to the practice of reposing an ever wider range of discretion in those who can only thus be persuaded to act .
we have seen that the difficulty of [getting] the gratuitous services of suitable persons to act as trustees has necessarily led to the practice of reposing an ever wider range of discretion in those who can only thus be persuaded to act .

First of all , there was an unfortunate delay in obtaining diplomatic clearance to overfly Israel .
first of all , there was an unfortunate delay in [getting] diplomatic clearance to overfly israel .

Excuses vary from difficulties in obtaining payment to the daunting prospect of completing export documentation .
excuses vary from difficulties in [getting] payment to the daunting prospect of completing export documentation .

These problems rank well ahead of other difficulties such as handling export paperwork , obtaining market information and ascertaining product suitability in foreign markets .
these problems rank well ahead of other difficulties such as handling export paperwork , [getting] market information and ascertaining product suitability in foreign markets .

In summary , it can be seen that there are a number of functional processes which are concerned with obtaining and distributing resources efficiently .
in summary , it can be seen that there are a number of functional processes which are concerned with [getting] and distributing resources efficiently .

In addition , high rankers tend to have access to scarce resources so that in competitive encounters the possession of a powerful ally will increase the subject 's chance of obtaining some .
in addition , high rankers tend to have access to scarce resources so that in competitive encounters the possession of a powerful ally will increase the subject 's chance of [getting] some .

Young male geladas acquire the skills essential for obtaining a harem within the context of life in an ‘ all-male ’ group .
young male geladas acquire the skills essential for [getting] a harem within the context of life in an ‘ all-male ’ group .

Such mutual sexual activity in creating relationships between males could also amount to a form of collaborative support in obtaining of harems .
such mutual sexual activity in creating relationships between males could also amount to a form of collaborative support in [getting] of harems .

Addresses have been drawn by statistically random methods and , as you will appreciate , the success of the research depends upon our obtaining the highest possible response rate as only then can we ensure that the sample is truly representative .
addresses have been drawn by statistically random methods and , as you will appreciate , the success of the research depends upon our [getting] the highest possible response rate as only then can we ensure that the sample is truly representative .

obtaining key information
[getting] key information

If you normally insist upon and achieve high personal standards of performance the idea of not obtaining this can be almost unbearable .
if you normally insist upon and achieve high personal standards of performance the idea of not [getting] this can be almost unbearable .

Self employed business people also find that they need these skills if they are to succeed in , for example , obtaining more money from the bank , winning a vital contract , gaining the commitment of staff .
self employed business people also find that they need these skills if they are to succeed in , for example , [getting] more money from the bank , winning a vital contract , gaining the commitment of staff .

Applicants were given cash grants , usually no more than £75 , and trusted to use it for the purpose they had proposed - such as buying a bicycle to do a newspaper round , obtaining equipment for a camping trip , or acquiring the wherewithal to learn a new skill or a sport .
applicants were given cash grants , usually no more than £75 , and trusted to use it for the purpose they had proposed - such as buying a bicycle to do a newspaper round , [getting] equipment for a camping trip , or acquiring the wherewithal to learn a new skill or a sport .

When enforcement procedures are taken against a business , the cost of obtaining expert opinion and the legal costs of providing a defence can prove prohibitive and even result in commercial disaster .
when enforcement procedures are taken against a business , the cost of [getting] expert opinion and the legal costs of providing a defence can prove prohibitive and even result in commercial disaster .

The important step in the research was therefore in obtaining initial permission .
the important step in the research was therefore in [getting] initial permission .

It also facilitated access to the minority of Catholic policemen and women in the force , and , perhaps , was important in obtaining permission for the research from the police management , for it asserts their commitment to professionalism , an important part of which in Northern Ireland is religious impartiality .
it also facilitated access to the minority of catholic policemen and women in the force , and , perhaps , was important in [getting] permission for the research from the police management , for it asserts their commitment to professionalism , an important part of which in northern ireland is religious impartiality .

People from the stations we visited in such areas , or whom we encountered upon their being transferred to Easton , felt policing there was not typical and that we were obtaining an unrealistic view .
people from the stations we visited in such areas , or whom we encountered upon their being transferred to easton , felt policing there was not typical and that we were [getting] an unrealistic view .

Others , however , emphasize the importance of enforcing the law and obtaining a ‘ good crime arrest ’ , one part of which is displaying to criminals sufficient potential for coercion as to mount arrests without further assistance .
others , however , emphasize the importance of enforcing the law and [getting] a ‘ good crime arrest ’ , one part of which is displaying to criminals sufficient potential for coercion as to mount arrests without further assistance .

Injunctions : If a neighbour gets planning permission to build something that you feel is grossly unreasonable , you may be able to protect your rights by obtaining an injunction .
injunctions : if a neighbour gets planning permission to build something that you feel is grossly unreasonable , you may be able to protect your rights by [getting] an injunction .

There may be difficulty obtaining a policy over the age of 75 .
there may be difficulty [getting] a policy over the age of 75 .

And it has been said that local authorities are not always very sympathetic to acting as a choice of career and sometimes obtaining a grant may be more difficult if a student has evidently changed his or her career tack .
and it has been said that local authorities are not always very sympathetic to acting as a choice of career and sometimes [getting] a grant may be more difficult if a student has evidently changed his or her career tack .

On obtaining a prospectus and asking for an application form , you will find that every drama school will require an audition fee , and this can vary between £15 and £25 .
on [getting] a prospectus and asking for an application form , you will find that every drama school will require an audition fee , and this can vary between £15 and £25 .

This is true in more ways than simply obtaining an Equity card .
this is true in more ways than simply [getting] an equity card .

By the age of 35 he had become the youngest president of the largest and most prominent synagogue in Canada ; brilliantly engineered the merging of all the philanthropic societies of Montreal ( ‘ With a view to obtaining the greatest efficiency with the least possible expense and labour , ’ — surely his own life-principle next to his religious and familial devotions ) ; and placed himself in the forefront of the social and economic battles of the period .
by the age of 35 he had become the youngest president of the largest and most prominent synagogue in canada ; brilliantly engineered the merging of all the philanthropic societies of montreal ( ‘ with a view to [getting] the greatest efficiency with the least possible expense and labour , ’ — surely his own life-principle next to his religious and familial devotions ) ; and placed himself in the forefront of the social and economic battles of the period .

And his third year First Class results ( known at McGill as ‘ Great Distinction ’ ) in English demonstrate where his heart truly lay , as did his obtaining the coveted Chester Macnaughton Prize for ‘ Creative Writing ’ in 1955 ; as well as the Peterson Memorial Prize in literature .
and his third year first class results ( known at mcgill as ‘ great distinction ’ ) in english demonstrate where his heart truly lay , as did his [getting] the coveted chester macnaughton prize for ‘ creative writing ’ in 1955 ; as well as the peterson memorial prize in literature .

The exercises were specifically directed to obtaining this effect .
the exercises were specifically directed to [getting] this effect .

Recent information from former detainees , lawyers and human rights activists indicates that suspected political opponents of the government , including boys under 18 , have been detained in garde à vue well beyond the maximum 10-day period and without obtaining further authorization after four days as required by Tunisian law .
recent information from former detainees , lawyers and human rights activists indicates that suspected political opponents of the government , including boys under 18 , have been detained in garde à vue well beyond the maximum 10-day period and without [getting] further authorization after four days as required by tunisian law .

Her involvement in the process of witching and un-witching was the single path to obtaining any information on the subject , for she found she was unable to operate ‘ in the standard situation in which information is exchanged and where the ethnographer may hope to have neutral knowledge … about beliefs and practices ’ ( ibid .
her involvement in the process of witching and un-witching was the single path to [getting] any information on the subject , for she found she was unable to operate ‘ in the standard situation in which information is exchanged and where the ethnographer may hope to have neutral knowledge … about beliefs and practices ’ ( ibid .

the distances covered by staff and the time occupied in obtaining necessary instruments and drugs should be kept to a minimum .
the distances covered by staff and the time occupied in [getting] necessary instruments and drugs should be kept to a minimum .

Delays in obtaining consents and grants can add considerably to the cost .
delays in [getting] consents and grants can add considerably to the cost .

If a commercial buyer pays over the odds , obtaining planning permission becomes an ever more important part of the financial equation , and while the argument rages the house continues to rot .
if a commercial buyer pays over the odds , [getting] planning permission becomes an ever more important part of the financial equation , and while the argument rages the house continues to rot .

Although the American achievement in obtaining high yields of penicillin from mould cultures was crucial to the practical introduction of penicillin on a worldwide scale , manufacture by chemical synthesis was naturally an attractive alternative .
although the american achievement in [getting] high yields of penicillin from mould cultures was crucial to the practical introduction of penicillin on a worldwide scale , manufacture by chemical synthesis was naturally an attractive alternative .

Memory loss by the state Erlend Clouston reports on the difficulty people like Debbie Finni have in obtaining treatment for brain disorders like the amnesia she suffered four years ago .
memory loss by the state erlend clouston reports on the difficulty people like debbie finni have in [getting] treatment for brain disorders like the amnesia she suffered four years ago .

He received military training in the Soviet Union and Egypt in the 1970s , fought the Israelis in Lebanon in 1982 and first entered Sweden the following year after obtaining a visa through its Damascus embassy .
he received military training in the soviet union and egypt in the 1970s , fought the israelis in lebanon in 1982 and first entered sweden the following year after [getting] a visa through its damascus embassy .

The researchers warn that they will have to treat many more patients before they can report a cure , and that the expense and difficulty of obtaining bone marrow are likely to limit the number of possible treatments .
the researchers warn that they will have to treat many more patients before they can report a cure , and that the expense and difficulty of [getting] bone marrow are likely to limit the number of possible treatments .

Information is usually difficult to obtain or unreliable in less-developed countries , and the problem is obtaining enough of it that is relevant and trustworthy .
information is usually difficult to obtain or unreliable in less-developed countries , and the problem is [getting] enough of it that is relevant and trustworthy .

Head office managers often rely on obtaining information in face-to-face discussions with subordinates , and will happily assign large sums of money to travel budgets in order for meetings with executives abroad to take place .
head office managers often rely on [getting] information in face-to-face discussions with subordinates , and will happily assign large sums of money to travel budgets in order for meetings with executives abroad to take place .

Again , those elements of the house-building industry , both firms and individuals , which are at present to an alarming extent drifting into jobbing and repair work on account of the difficulty of obtaining licences , will find their way back into the housing field , and the existing danger of skilled house-building teams being broken up and not replaced will be avoided .
again , those elements of the house-building industry , both firms and individuals , which are at present to an alarming extent drifting into jobbing and repair work on account of the difficulty of [getting] licences , will find their way back into the housing field , and the existing danger of skilled house-building teams being broken up and not replaced will be avoided .

While Yoruba and Ibo patterns of status mobility based on achieved wealth provide a strong incentive to establish a business enterprise as a means of obtaining high social status , once established there are no antecedent roles conferring respect for efficient managerial performance . On the contrary , because conspicuous leisure is the principal manifestation of superior status , the carrying out of supervisory functions … represents a socially degrading activity …
while yoruba and ibo patterns of status mobility based on achieved wealth provide a strong incentive to establish a business enterprise as a means of [getting] high social status , once established there are no antecedent roles conferring respect for efficient managerial performance . on the contrary , because conspicuous leisure is the principal manifestation of superior status , the carrying out of supervisory functions … represents a socially degrading activity …

The sole qualification for obtaining a vehicle is that you receive mobility supplement for a long enough period to cover the length of the agreement .
the sole qualification for [getting] a vehicle is that you receive mobility supplement for a long enough period to cover the length of the agreement .

Government officials in Bonn said that the Soviet Union had played a key role in obtaining the agreement under which the thousands who had taken refuge in the Prague and Warsaw embassies were taken to the West at the weekend .
government officials in bonn said that the soviet union had played a key role in [getting] the agreement under which the thousands who had taken refuge in the prague and warsaw embassies were taken to the west at the weekend .

Furthermore , the research process was to be used to train locals in obtaining the information they needed , and thereby develop a network of individuals and groups who would express their concern for the land issues of the region by an ongoing commitment to further action at local and National level using the results obtained from the study .
furthermore , the research process was to be used to train locals in [getting] the information they needed , and thereby develop a network of individuals and groups who would express their concern for the land issues of the region by an ongoing commitment to further action at local and national level using the results obtained from the study .

Collinson also acted as intermediary in obtaining seeds from America , particularly those which gave rise to an extensive plantation of evergreens in the park , a principal feature of Woburn at the time .
collinson also acted as intermediary in [getting] seeds from america , particularly those which gave rise to an extensive plantation of evergreens in the park , a principal feature of woburn at the time .

Finlayson and Weir ( 9 ) , ( 10 ) found that in comprehensive education the academically bright pupil was constrained to conform to the anti-intellectual norm in the hostel community , a very different position from that obtaining in the days of Dr. Farquhar Macintosh , now rector of Royal High School , Edinburgh who remembers his hostel days on the mainland from a Hebridean background where the hostels housed an academic elite of Certificate pupils .
finlayson and weir ( 9 ) , ( 10 ) found that in comprehensive education the academically bright pupil was constrained to conform to the anti-intellectual norm in the hostel community , a very different position from that [getting] in the days of dr. farquhar macintosh , now rector of royal high school , edinburgh who remembers his hostel days on the mainland from a hebridean background where the hostels housed an academic elite of certificate pupils .

Kenneth Renton , the director , yesterday appeared before the City of London Magistrates Court charged with obtaining £1½m by deception .
kenneth renton , the director , yesterday appeared before the city of london magistrates court charged with [getting] £1½m by deception .

This is essential to bridge sectoral barriers , to ensure cohesive and effective group work in obtaining reliable analyses of local circumstances , and in utilising local resources to the full .
this is essential to bridge sectoral barriers , to ensure cohesive and effective group work in [getting] reliable analyses of local circumstances , and in utilising local resources to the full .

Pasture improvement can be undertaken either by the individual crofter , after obtaining the ‘ apportionment , , of his share of the common grazing , or on a township basis .
pasture improvement can be undertaken either by the individual crofter , after [getting] the ‘ apportionment , , of his share of the common grazing , or on a township basis .

Putting a medical kit together , for example , involved consulting books , obtaining lists from other expeditions and writing to the armed forces .
putting a medical kit together , for example , involved consulting books , [getting] lists from other expeditions and writing to the armed forces .

On the expenditure side , the fall from 1979 to 1983 was an even greater 0.7 per cent ; but the recovery to 1987 brought the percentage budget surplus back in the latter year to almost the same insignificant level obtaining in 1979 .
on the expenditure side , the fall from 1979 to 1983 was an even greater 0.7 per cent ; but the recovery to 1987 brought the percentage budget surplus back in the latter year to almost the same insignificant level [getting] in 1979 .

They have never been accepted as an equal ‘ nation ’ within Yugoslavia ; they have difficulty in obtaining recognition for their language ( except in Kosovo , where however there is now a threat that in future the official language will be Serbocroatian , and that all Albanian children will be forced to learn it at school ) ; and they consider that Serbs , in particular , regard them as inferiors and potential enemies .
they have never been accepted as an equal ‘ nation ’ within yugoslavia ; they have difficulty in [getting] recognition for their language ( except in kosovo , where however there is now a threat that in future the official language will be serbocroatian , and that all albanian children will be forced to learn it at school ) ; and they consider that serbs , in particular , regard them as inferiors and potential enemies .

One supposed justification is that these extra offences are needed to cope with ‘ group offending ’ , which causes fear in ordinary citizens , and extra difficulties for the police and for prosecutors ( in obtaining persuasive evidence ) .
one supposed justification is that these extra offences are needed to cope with ‘ group offending ’ , which causes fear in ordinary citizens , and extra difficulties for the police and for prosecutors ( in [getting] persuasive evidence ) .

The young Communist shop steward had no difficulty in obtaining the first two warning notes .
the young communist shop steward had no difficulty in [getting] the first two warning notes .

At present it is also the most popular method of analysis for provenance studies in archaeology , but it may not always be so , since scientists are continually looking for new instrumental methods of obtaining a comprehensive chemical analysis of a material .
at present it is also the most popular method of analysis for provenance studies in archaeology , but it may not always be so , since scientists are continually looking for new instrumental methods of [getting] a comprehensive chemical analysis of a material .

This leads to a neglect of conservation management … the soil conservation expert is thus requested to propose technical and educational solutions to socio-political problems , whilst the sociologist is given the task of obtaining the approval of the population for measures taken without its advice and real consent .
this leads to a neglect of conservation management … the soil conservation expert is thus requested to propose technical and educational solutions to socio-political problems , whilst the sociologist is given the task of [getting] the approval of the population for measures taken without its advice and real consent .

And the pressures are probably much greater within the public sector , if only because of the difficulty of obtaining further employment in the public sector if one has been dismissed for disciplinary reasons .
and the pressures are probably much greater within the public sector , if only because of the difficulty of [getting] further employment in the public sector if one has been dismissed for disciplinary reasons .

Against this background the Conservatives fell back almost everywhere , only obtaining greater than 50 % of the vote in the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's home district , Huntingdonshire .
against this background the conservatives fell back almost everywhere , only [getting] greater than 50 % of the vote in the chancellor of the exchequer 's home district , huntingdonshire .

He adopted a number of names and deserted , returning to the colours at the outbreak of the Second World War and obtaining a commission in the name of Melville-Hill .
he adopted a number of names and deserted , returning to the colours at the outbreak of the second world war and [getting] a commission in the name of melville-hill .

Leaseholders were found to have experienced a variety of problems with the management of their block , including failure on the landlord 's part to carry out repairs , too little or excessive refurbishment , estimates ‘ rigged ’ by landlords or managing agents , failure to consult leaseholders and difficulty in obtaining information about accounts and insurance .
leaseholders were found to have experienced a variety of problems with the management of their block , including failure on the landlord 's part to carry out repairs , too little or excessive refurbishment , estimates ‘ rigged ’ by landlords or managing agents , failure to consult leaseholders and difficulty in [getting] information about accounts and insurance .

For we read in Agnes Strickland : ‘ The death of St. Edmund , archbishop of Canterbury , furnished Henry with a further opportunity of obliging Eleanor , by obtaining the nomination of her uncle Boniface to the primacy of England ’ .
for we read in agnes strickland : ‘ the death of st. edmund , archbishop of canterbury , furnished henry with a further opportunity of obliging eleanor , by [getting] the nomination of her uncle boniface to the primacy of england ’ .

Affidavits from the defendants ' solicitors established that the photocopy affidavit was supplied to them by the second defendant for the purposes of seeking legal advice in circumstances where litigation was contemplated , but did not indicate whether the photocopy sent was a photocopy which the second defendant made for the purpose of instructing his solicitors or a photocopy which had been sent to the second defendant by the employee himself , prepared for the employee 's own purposes which had nothing whatever to do with the defendants obtaining legal advice from their soliticors .
affidavits from the defendants ' solicitors established that the photocopy affidavit was supplied to them by the second defendant for the purposes of seeking legal advice in circumstances where litigation was contemplated , but did not indicate whether the photocopy sent was a photocopy which the second defendant made for the purpose of instructing his solicitors or a photocopy which had been sent to the second defendant by the employee himself , prepared for the employee 's own purposes which had nothing whatever to do with the defendants [getting] legal advice from their soliticors .

The principle indicated in those cases was a long way from the circumstances of the present case and was far from warranting the conclusion that by making a photocopy of a document which in the hands of the maker of the photocopy was not privileged , and then sending the photocopy to a solicitor for the purposes of obtaining advice , privilege was thereby cast on the copy sent to the soicitor .
the principle indicated in those cases was a long way from the circumstances of the present case and was far from warranting the conclusion that by making a photocopy of a document which in the hands of the maker of the photocopy was not privileged , and then sending the photocopy to a solicitor for the purposes of [getting] advice , privilege was thereby cast on the copy sent to the soicitor .

The solicitor confirmed in his affidavit that he had photocopied the documents which he sent to counsel for the sole purpose of obtaining legal advice from him .
the solicitor confirmed in his affidavit that he had photocopied the documents which he sent to counsel for the sole purpose of [getting] legal advice from him .

While the dealer refused to reveal the mosaics ' whereabouts , he succeeded in obtaining four mosaic sections from Mr Dikmen which were deposited in a Frankfurt warehouse .
while the dealer refused to reveal the mosaics ' whereabouts , he succeeded in [getting] four mosaic sections from mr dikmen which were deposited in a frankfurt warehouse .

‘ Buying , renting and various options in between are simply different ways of obtaining a piece of electrical equipment , ’ said Mr Nigel Whittaker of Kingfisher .
‘ buying , renting and various options in between are simply different ways of [getting] a piece of electrical equipment , ’ said mr nigel whittaker of kingfisher .

‘ Buying , renting and various options in between are simply different ways of obtaining a piece of electrical equipment , ’ said Mr Nigel Whittaker of Kingfisher .
‘ buying , renting and various options in between are simply different ways of [getting] a piece of electrical equipment , ’ said mr nigel whittaker of kingfisher .

Out of 72 cases only 20 resulted in the ministry obtaining compensation or remedial work at no cost to themselves .
out of 72 cases only 20 resulted in the ministry [getting] compensation or remedial work at no cost to themselves .

Old wood was used for certain areas such as the floors , the problems encountered in obtaining supplies being enormous .
old wood was used for certain areas such as the floors , the problems encountered in [getting] supplies being enormous .

The parents who are not involved in school can harbour suspicions that favouritism exists and that those involved in and around the school are a clique that exerts power in obtaining preferential treatment for their own children to the disadvantage of others .
the parents who are not involved in school can harbour suspicions that favouritism exists and that those involved in and around the school are a clique that exerts power in [getting] preferential treatment for their own children to the disadvantage of others .

He said that they were professional witnesses from London , explaining that , if a prosecution lawyer was having difficulty in obtaining a conviction , he would handsomely reward a witness who would state under oath that he had seen the crime committed .
he said that they were professional witnesses from london , explaining that , if a prosecution lawyer was having difficulty in [getting] a conviction , he would handsomely reward a witness who would state under oath that he had seen the crime committed .

The police returned this time to Reading , after obtaining Drew 's jacket from a Nottingham dry-cleaners .
the police returned this time to reading , after [getting] drew 's jacket from a nottingham dry-cleaners .

She mentioned this to the barmaid while obtaining the beer .
she mentioned this to the barmaid while [getting] the beer .

It would do us far more honour if you could succeed in obtaining a post under some other great lord .
it would do us far more honour if you could succeed in [getting] a post under some other great lord .

In practice , of course , there may be additional obstacles in obtaining either the screening facilities or planning for the abortion .
in practice , of course , there may be additional obstacles in [getting] either the screening facilities or planning for the abortion .

Recent surveys have drawn attention to the importance of talking and listening both in obtaining employment and in performing well in it .
recent surveys have drawn attention to the importance of talking and listening both in [getting] employment and in performing well in it .

The only protest group was in fact called the Quantock Seaboard Defence Committee , who succeeded in obtaining the support of the architectural author Ian Nairn .
the only protest group was in fact called the quantock seaboard defence committee , who succeeded in [getting] the support of the architectural author ian nairn .

Obtaining permission to fish , however , is another matter .
[getting] permission to fish , however , is another matter .

It is quite clear that this thread of non-incrimination is at variance with the recent emphasis on obtaining confession evidence .
it is quite clear that this thread of non-incrimination is at variance with the recent emphasis on [getting] confession evidence .

The police had , over a period exceeding 24 hours , interviewed this young man four times without obtaining a confession from him in respect of the robbery .
the police had , over a period exceeding 24 hours , interviewed this young man four times without [getting] a confession from him in respect of the robbery .

After obtaining first the engaged tone and then the unobtainable tone — that would not happen now after privatisation — the caller was finally connected to an answerphone which said : ‘ This is Tim and Bridie Wallis 's number .
after [getting] first the engaged tone and then the unobtainable tone — that would not happen now after privatisation — the caller was finally connected to an answerphone which said : ‘ this is tim and bridie wallis 's number .

There may be financial problems arising from the patient 's illness , and the social worker can help in obtaining the benefit payments available from the State for patients and their carers , called the attendance allowance .
there may be financial problems arising from the patient 's illness , and the social worker can help in [getting] the benefit payments available from the state for patients and their carers , called the attendance allowance .

Early Victorian travellers could not be certain of a clean bed and a meal in a hotel of their choice , nor of obtaining train tickets on the complex European rail network .
early victorian travellers could not be certain of a clean bed and a meal in a hotel of their choice , nor of [getting] train tickets on the complex european rail network .

If you are selling as well as buying , then the whole business is doubled up — you have to answer pre-contract enquiries from your purchaser , as well as obtaining them from your vendor , your purchaser will have a survey done and institute a local search on your property .
if you are selling as well as buying , then the whole business is doubled up — you have to answer pre-contract enquiries from your purchaser , as well as [getting] them from your vendor , your purchaser will have a survey done and institute a local search on your property .

In addition to obtaining a better understanding of the biological basis underlying reproduction , we also need more knowledge to evaluate reproductive customs in the cultural environment in which they happen .
in addition to [getting] a better understanding of the biological basis underlying reproduction , we also need more knowledge to evaluate reproductive customs in the cultural environment in which they happen .

As a whole these wastes are estimated to have an energy equivalent of 21 million tonnes of coal , and government , industry and local authorities alike are very keen on obtaining energy from such cheap sources which are termed biofuels — fuels that come from an organic origin .
as a whole these wastes are estimated to have an energy equivalent of 21 million tonnes of coal , and government , industry and local authorities alike are very keen on [getting] energy from such cheap sources which are termed biofuels — fuels that come from an organic origin .

Obtaining private funds is not likely to create an insurmountable hurdle in itself .
[getting] private funds is not likely to create an insurmountable hurdle in itself .

Less fortunate was twenty-year-old Leo who , in early 1944 , set up as a freelance photographer without first obtaining formal documentation from the Home Office .
less fortunate was twenty-year-old leo who , in early 1944 , set up as a freelance photographer without first [getting] formal documentation from the home office .

Although wood is not easy to obtain and certainly not cheap , many schools do find ways of obtaining quantities of off-cuts of softwood suitable for the children to use .
although wood is not easy to obtain and certainly not cheap , many schools do find ways of [getting] quantities of off-cuts of softwood suitable for the children to use .

The computer model shows that it does n't matter what short of shaft a golfer uses — from the point of view of obtaining distance .
the computer model shows that it does n't matter what short of shaft a golfer uses — from the point of view of [getting] distance .

The only parts of the Home Support Project which were not clearly understood at first were ( a ) its method of obtaining clients ( it was sometimes thought that any dementia sufferer in the borough could be referred directly to the development officer ) , and ( b ) the fact that the development officers could not step in immediately the psychogeriatrician referred a client to the project , but had to wait until the research assessment had been carried out ( which would confirm the client 's eligibility for the project service ) .
the only parts of the home support project which were not clearly understood at first were ( a ) its method of [getting] clients ( it was sometimes thought that any dementia sufferer in the borough could be referred directly to the development officer ) , and ( b ) the fact that the development officers could not step in immediately the psychogeriatrician referred a client to the project , but had to wait until the research assessment had been carried out ( which would confirm the client 's eligibility for the project service ) .

Sometimes other service-providers were slow in obtaining a service for clients — eg day care .
sometimes other service-providers were slow in [getting] a service for clients — eg day care .

Sometimes other service-providers were slow in obtaining a service for clients — eg day care .
sometimes other service-providers were slow in [getting] a service for clients — eg day care .

The project could not be an emergency service , because it tried to recruit workers after obtaining a client , rather than beforehand , so that client and worker could be matched .
the project could not be an emergency service , because it tried to recruit workers after [getting] a client , rather than beforehand , so that client and worker could be matched .

; whether dementia sufferers in the action project expressed less worry , sadness , loneliness than those in the control samples ; whether the project helped people to maintain their capacity to cope with certain tasks or activities of daily living ; and finally whether it succeeded in obtaining more of other community services for its clients than were obtained by those in the control sample ( eg more home help , meals-on-wheels , day care , home nursing , and so on ) .
; whether dementia sufferers in the action project expressed less worry , sadness , loneliness than those in the control samples ; whether the project helped people to maintain their capacity to cope with certain tasks or activities of daily living ; and finally whether it succeeded in [getting] more of other community services for its clients than were obtained by those in the control sample ( eg more home help , meals-on-wheels , day care , home nursing , and so on ) .

When obtaining signatures to the nomination paper the candidate must obtain the signatures of the proposer and seconder first .
when [getting] signatures to the nomination paper the candidate must obtain the signatures of the proposer and seconder first .

The chief executive or clerk of a local authority is always anxious to assist members by giving and obtaining for them the fullest information for their work .
the chief executive or clerk of a local authority is always anxious to assist members by giving and [getting] for them the fullest information for their work .

The councillor should not visit or inspect any of the buildings or works of the local authority without first obtaining the approval of the council or the appropriate committee .
the councillor should not visit or inspect any of the buildings or works of the local authority without first [getting] the approval of the council or the appropriate committee .

The honourable calling of a councillor must be of the highest worth for no councillor must lower himself or his calling by obtaining any illegal financial gain from his activities as a councillor .
the honourable calling of a councillor must be of the highest worth for no councillor must lower himself or his calling by [getting] any illegal financial gain from his activities as a councillor .

For example , it is usually necessary to have a doctor 's certificate before obtaining a walking frame , and many physiotherapists would be horrified at the idea of older or disabled people actually helping themselves to such aids without the benefit of professional advice .
for example , it is usually necessary to have a doctor 's certificate before [getting] a walking frame , and many physiotherapists would be horrified at the idea of older or disabled people actually helping themselves to such aids without the benefit of professional advice .

In practice many librarians do insist on seeing books before ordering , and the system of obtaining ‘ on approval ’ copies through library suppliers is widespread .
in practice many librarians do insist on seeing books before ordering , and the system of [getting] ‘ on approval ’ copies through library suppliers is widespread .

Yet , at the same time , the process of obtaining material through interlending schemes is expensive and time-consuming , and only to be undertaken for groups of material which are infrequently needed by the library 's clientele , or which — because they are out-of-print — can not be purchased for library stock .
yet , at the same time , the process of [getting] material through interlending schemes is expensive and time-consuming , and only to be undertaken for groups of material which are infrequently needed by the library 's clientele , or which — because they are out-of-print — can not be purchased for library stock .

These needs are met by obtaining a particular resource or by responding to a particular environmental or bodily stimulus .
these needs are met by [getting] a particular resource or by responding to a particular environmental or bodily stimulus .

the difficulties that you may encounter in obtaining alternative employment .
the difficulties that you may encounter in [getting] alternative employment .

In this respect , obtaining a written statement is very much second best to persuading your ex-employer to provide a suitably positive reference .
in this respect , [getting] a written statement is very much second best to persuading your ex-employer to provide a suitably positive reference .

Due to the difficulties in obtaining reliable saturation exponent values from core date , we have retained the traditional n = 2 for log evaluation .
due to the difficulties in [getting] reliable saturation exponent values from core date , we have retained the traditional n = 2 for log evaluation .

Finally the groundwork has been laid for obtaining useful rock mechanics data which can aid hydraulic fracture modelling in the Carboniferous .
finally the groundwork has been laid for [getting] useful rock mechanics data which can aid hydraulic fracture modelling in the carboniferous .

Obtaining ( ingredients )
[getting] ( ingredients )

However , fundamental changes were not inevitable , as it was quite possible to maintain the service management role for the foreseeable future , with Colleges obtaining and utilising resources in the manner previously prescribed and implemented .
however , fundamental changes were not inevitable , as it was quite possible to maintain the service management role for the foreseeable future , with colleges [getting] and utilising resources in the manner previously prescribed and implemented .

In addition , as discussed in Chapter 11 , the use of a ‘ hierarchical scalar , can assist with obtaining an overview of the main components of an expanded model ( Fig 15.2 ) .
in addition , as discussed in chapter 11 , the use of a ‘ hierarchical scalar , can assist with [getting] an overview of the main components of an expanded model ( fig 15.2 ) .

However , because it is very difficult in practice to evaluate the integrals which this method involves , this does not turn out to be a convenient method for obtaining explicit solutions .
however , because it is very difficult in practice to evaluate the integrals which this method involves , this does not turn out to be a convenient method for [getting] explicit solutions .

Justinian had a stronger sense than most of the propriety of the deceased 's obtaining fulfilment of fond hopes ; and he gives explicitly as his motive ut ultima elogia defunctorum legitimum finem sortiantur .
justinian had a stronger sense than most of the propriety of the deceased 's [getting] fulfilment of fond hopes ; and he gives explicitly as his motive ut ultima elogia defunctorum legitimum finem sortiantur .

The latter , a gentleman of cultural and literary tastes , is in the practice of providing tuition in various languages to those desirous of obtaining his services in that behalf , and tells us that Herr Hamnett , being a young gentleman of similar intellectual inclinations , had kindly offered to assist him in his labours … ’
the latter , a gentleman of cultural and literary tastes , is in the practice of providing tuition in various languages to those desirous of [getting] his services in that behalf , and tells us that herr hamnett , being a young gentleman of similar intellectual inclinations , had kindly offered to assist him in his labours … ’

This last decade he had spent in Vienna , obtaining sufficient funds from his family to be able to settle down and marry the only Russian girl amongst his acquaintances .
this last decade he had spent in vienna , [getting] sufficient funds from his family to be able to settle down and marry the only russian girl amongst his acquaintances .

The questions that one asks in a survey must be derived from the object of the research itself : the schedule is only a tool for obtaining information .
the questions that one asks in a survey must be derived from the object of the research itself : the schedule is only a tool for [getting] information .

We are not here concerned with the problems involved in obtaining samples ; our focus is on the survey once the sample has been decided on and drawn .
we are not here concerned with the problems involved in [getting] samples ; our focus is on the survey once the sample has been decided on and drawn .

Such old-boy networks were one way of jumping the promotion queue , of obtaining sponsorship .
such old-boy networks were one way of jumping the promotion queue , of [getting] sponsorship .

The necessity of obtaining every ounce of production in the grim days of 1940 raised the standard week of the workshops to 66-hours and , it was not unusual for men to work up to 80 hours per week for long periods , involving seven days a week without a break .
the necessity of [getting] every ounce of production in the grim days of 1940 raised the standard week of the workshops to 66-hours and , it was not unusual for men to work up to 80 hours per week for long periods , involving seven days a week without a break .

After John Whibley left the Palace in 1923 the outside-left position became something of a problem for manager Edmund Goodman , but he filled it , some two years later , with a stroke of absolute genius , by obtaining the signature of George Clarke from Aston Villa .
after john whibley left the palace in 1923 the outside-left position became something of a problem for manager edmund goodman , but he filled it , some two years later , with a stroke of absolute genius , by [getting] the signature of george clarke from aston villa .

One way of obtaining that perspective is by looking at the experience of foreign systems .
one way of [getting] that perspective is by looking at the experience of foreign systems .

On his return to England , Vial was available to guide the dissection of the racehorse Eclipse , obtaining ( in true Vial fashion ) many noble and zealous patrons in the process , including Lords Grosvenor , Morton and Belgrave .
on his return to england , vial was available to guide the dissection of the racehorse eclipse , [getting] ( in true vial fashion ) many noble and zealous patrons in the process , including lords grosvenor , morton and belgrave .

this is not to say there is no problem for the plaintiff in such a situation , on the contrary the difficulty lies in obtaining sufficient evidence to identify the separate point sources .
this is not to say there is no problem for the plaintiff in such a situation , on the contrary the difficulty lies in [getting] sufficient evidence to identify the separate point sources .

An experiment is reported which investigates the impact of two variables on the likelihood of obtaining plural pronoun anaphors in a continuation task .
an experiment is reported which investigates the impact of two variables on the likelihood of [getting] plural pronoun anaphors in a continuation task .

Use of and enhances the likelihood of obtaining a plural anaphor in continuations , but the incidence of plural is never as high as 60 % .
use of and enhances the likelihood of [getting] a plural anaphor in continuations , but the incidence of plural is never as high as 60 % .

Even at Main-Professional-Grade level , the difference in costs between obtaining an experienced teacher of proven worth or a probationer straight out of college can be over £6000 .
even at main-professional-grade level , the difference in costs between [getting] an experienced teacher of proven worth or a probationer straight out of college can be over £6000 .

An alternative form of fundraising or obtaining support for the school is through sponsorship .
an alternative form of fundraising or [getting] support for the school is through sponsorship .

Difficulty may also be experienced in obtaining reliable accounting information and thus in establishing control over a company 's activities .
difficulty may also be experienced in [getting] reliable accounting information and thus in establishing control over a company 's activities .

It should always be with the opposite sex only ; yet novel reading girls exhaust their female magnetism without obtaining any compensating male magnetism , which of necessity deranges their entire sexual system .
it should always be with the opposite sex only ; yet novel reading girls exhaust their female magnetism without [getting] any compensating male magnetism , which of necessity deranges their entire sexual system .

Instead of putting it in the power of the creditor to prevent his debtor from obtaining his liberty on giving up his all , it vested the right of a negative in the judges in open court , where it was more just to place it than to allow it to remain in the power of the creditor who , from motives of resentment , was less likely to decide impartially in his own cause .
instead of putting it in the power of the creditor to prevent his debtor from [getting] his liberty on giving up his all , it vested the right of a negative in the judges in open court , where it was more just to place it than to allow it to remain in the power of the creditor who , from motives of resentment , was less likely to decide impartially in his own cause .

Among the great number of debtors who crowded the gaols of the metropolis there might be fifty who were detained by inexorable creditors animated by motives of revenge , without the least hope of obtaining payment of their debts .
among the great number of debtors who crowded the gaols of the metropolis there might be fifty who were detained by inexorable creditors animated by motives of revenge , without the least hope of [getting] payment of their debts .

Obtaining judgements against unemployed ironstone miners in the Merthyr Court of Requests , and writs for bailiffs to seize goods , was a cause ( among others ) of the fearsome Merthyr Rising of June 1831 .
[getting] judgements against unemployed ironstone miners in the merthyr court of requests , and writs for bailiffs to seize goods , was a cause ( among others ) of the fearsome merthyr rising of june 1831 .

At the beginning of the nineteenth century , building societies began to accept investments from people who did not want to buy a house , but use them as a way of investing their savings and obtaining an income in the shape of interest .
at the beginning of the nineteenth century , building societies began to accept investments from people who did not want to buy a house , but use them as a way of investing their savings and [getting] an income in the shape of interest .

Many were tempted to relieve the immediate pressure by obtaining a ReMortgage . ‘ For homeowners like you , ’ advertised a licensed credit broker ,
many were tempted to relieve the immediate pressure by [getting] a remortgage . ‘ for homeowners like you , ’ advertised a licensed credit broker ,

Brazil and China are two countries leading the field of obtaining energy from biomass .
brazil and china are two countries leading the field of [getting] energy from biomass .

After problems in obtaining components , Comart struck out on its own , producing its Comart Communicator , a small business computer .
after problems in [getting] components , comart struck out on its own , producing its comart communicator , a small business computer .

Workers have also turned their attention to obtaining all-human monoclonal antibodies .
workers have also turned their attention to [getting] all-human monoclonal antibodies .

In the 11 months following the reorganisation , in which the two routes for obtaining research funds from the government were merged into one , the department has approved grants worth £100 million .
in the 11 months following the reorganisation , in which the two routes for [getting] research funds from the government were merged into one , the department has approved grants worth £100 million .

This is a necessary condition for obtaining clearance .
this is a necessary condition for [getting] clearance .

Even allowing for the traditionally light-hearted Italian attitude toward obtaining government money , Italy 's wolves number at best only about 150 , including puppies .
even allowing for the traditionally light-hearted italian attitude toward [getting] government money , italy 's wolves number at best only about 150 , including puppies .

Colin Amies , electronics industry adviser at Midland Bank , says that obtaining equity finance is often more important .
colin amies , electronics industry adviser at midland bank , says that [getting] equity finance is often more important .

Papert explains that Reagan 's election in 1980 put paid to any hopes of obtaining public money to establish such a centre in the United states .
papert explains that reagan 's election in 1980 put paid to any hopes of [getting] public money to establish such a centre in the united states .

Lord Gregson , the chairmen of the House of Lords ' science and technology committee , says companies that deal with the DoI find the process of obtaining support ‘ demotivating ’ .
lord gregson , the chairmen of the house of lords ' science and technology committee , says companies that deal with the doi find the process of [getting] support ‘ demotivating ’ .

Cedric Ashley , the chairman of the Association of Independent Consulting Research Organisations , told New Scientist that his members are used to delays of eight months in obtaining cash .
cedric ashley , the chairman of the association of independent consulting research organisations , told new scientist that his members are used to delays of eight months in [getting] cash .

He carried out this aspect of his work assiduously , spending a great deal of time obtaining detailed accounts of Soviet work of significant practical use to British academics in disciplines ranging from ergonomics to biotechnology .
he carried out this aspect of his work assiduously , spending a great deal of time [getting] detailed accounts of soviet work of significant practical use to british academics in disciplines ranging from ergonomics to biotechnology .

Many say that the donkeys from Poitou in France are particularly suitable for siring mules , perhaps because they are particularly large , but it now seems doubtful that size is of any special virtue in obtaining the hybrid .
many say that the donkeys from poitou in france are particularly suitable for siring mules , perhaps because they are particularly large , but it now seems doubtful that size is of any special virtue in [getting] the hybrid .

It is defined in terms of wages/salaries , number of perks , capacity for initiative , amount and nature of skills involved , security and the community esteem which might come from obtaining such jobs .
it is defined in terms of wages/salaries , number of perks , capacity for initiative , amount and nature of skills involved , security and the community esteem which might come from [getting] such jobs .

The reason is that it is based , not on discernible facts , but on stories and writings that have been created by man himself in an era of his history obtaining long before he had learned that , if he were so minded , he could use his intellectual power to establish facts on which to build the structure , not only of his religion , but of the whole of his society .
the reason is that it is based , not on discernible facts , but on stories and writings that have been created by man himself in an era of his history [getting] long before he had learned that , if he were so minded , he could use his intellectual power to establish facts on which to build the structure , not only of his religion , but of the whole of his society .

That , for most people , means obtaining employment , which in its turn means accepting the necessity of acquiring adequate personal ability compatible with the standard of life expected .
that , for most people , means [getting] employment , which in its turn means accepting the necessity of acquiring adequate personal ability compatible with the standard of life expected .

This book is mainly concerned with obtaining meaning from the printed and pictorial material in books , but it would be a mistake to disregard the other common media of indirect experience .
this book is mainly concerned with [getting] meaning from the printed and pictorial material in books , but it would be a mistake to disregard the other common media of indirect experience .

If we are concerned with obtaining meaning from symbols and images , it follows that we should be concerned with this wide range of media .
if we are concerned with [getting] meaning from symbols and images , it follows that we should be concerned with this wide range of media .

The psycholinguistic approach takes this into account , but the teacher who is concerned with accurate decoding rather than — and not as well as — obtaining meaning will find ‘ mere guessing ’ unacceptable .
the psycholinguistic approach takes this into account , but the teacher who is concerned with accurate decoding rather than — and not as well as — [getting] meaning will find ‘ mere guessing ’ unacceptable .

The emphasis is on comprehension , obtaining meaning and pleasure , not on merely decoding skills .
the emphasis is on comprehension , [getting] meaning and pleasure , not on merely decoding skills .

Readability is concerned with obtaining meaning and also with motivating the intended audience .
readability is concerned with [getting] meaning and also with motivating the intended audience .

At least we should reduce those frustrating obstacles to obtaining services that are readily available to others , particularly those ‘ attitudinal obstacles ’ mentioned by Margaret Marshall ( 1981 , p.66 ) .
at least we should reduce those frustrating obstacles to [getting] services that are readily available to others , particularly those ‘ attitudinal obstacles ’ mentioned by margaret marshall ( 1981 , p.66 ) .

The Royal Institution also perceives another difficulty with becoming a public company and obtaining a Stock Exchange quotation .
the royal institution also perceives another difficulty with becoming a public company and [getting] a stock exchange quotation .

Lessees are sometimes astonished to be told that in spite of obtaining planning permission with their landlord 's knowledge , they still require his consent and if he is not inclined to give it , the means of getting him to agree can be difficult , slow and expensive .
lessees are sometimes astonished to be told that in spite of [getting] planning permission with their landlord 's knowledge , they still require his consent and if he is not inclined to give it , the means of getting him to agree can be difficult , slow and expensive .

And given the conditions obtaining this posed an almost insuperable problem , since ‘ the rebirth of industry is itself dependent on the flow of vital resources into towns , the absolute necessity for this influx at any price .
and given the conditions [getting] this posed an almost insuperable problem , since ‘ the rebirth of industry is itself dependent on the flow of vital resources into towns , the absolute necessity for this influx at any price .

To put this into context it is worth taking a look at what has been achieved over recent decades in obtaining access agreements for canoes to pass along our rivers .
to put this into context it is worth taking a look at what has been achieved over recent decades in [getting] access agreements for canoes to pass along our rivers .

The charges against him were read out : three counts of obtaining money — a total of £172,000 — from an elderly widow , Angela Minett , and four counts of forgery .
the charges against him were read out : three counts of [getting] money — a total of £172,000 — from an elderly widow , angela minett , and four counts of forgery .

Wright pleaded guilty to all charges , and also admitted obtaining £207,000 from the Halifax Building Society by deception when he applied for a mortgage claiming , falsely , that he did not have one .
wright pleaded guilty to all charges , and also admitted [getting] £207,000 from the halifax building society by deception when he applied for a mortgage claiming , falsely , that he did not have one .

Another possibility is that , unknown to you , your cat may be obtaining food elsewhere .
another possibility is that , unknown to you , your cat may be [getting] food elsewhere .

This circumstance encourages me to hope that you may , if you have any opening for such a youth , be willing to take George , who is exceedingly desirous of obtaining the situation — or indeed any situation which through industry and a desire of improvement may hereafter insure a creditable independence ; but , above all things he seems to wish that it may be possible for you to take him into a situation similar to that which was offered to his Brother .
this circumstance encourages me to hope that you may , if you have any opening for such a youth , be willing to take george , who is exceedingly desirous of [getting] the situation — or indeed any situation which through industry and a desire of improvement may hereafter insure a creditable independence ; but , above all things he seems to wish that it may be possible for you to take him into a situation similar to that which was offered to his brother .

Ask at your local post office or council for information on obtaining a bus pass ; and for a leaflet on how to get a Senior Citizen 's Railcard , ask at your local railway station , or British Rail registered travel agent .
ask at your local post office or council for information on [getting] a bus pass ; and for a leaflet on how to get a senior citizen 's railcard , ask at your local railway station , or british rail registered travel agent .

Remove or reduce the contribution conditions that exclude people from obtaining a full pension .
remove or reduce the contribution conditions that exclude people from [getting] a full pension .

During recent years there has emerged a third type of evaluation which emphasizes participant observation and interviews as a means to obtaining an overall view of education programmes .
during recent years there has emerged a third type of evaluation which emphasizes participant observation and interviews as a means to [getting] an overall view of education programmes .

However , the greater the variety of the methods used , the greater will be the chance of obtaining a complete picture of the educational course being evaluated , as the interaction of the various methods will produce a ‘ triangulation ’ effect — the same question being answered in different ways .
however , the greater the variety of the methods used , the greater will be the chance of [getting] a complete picture of the educational course being evaluated , as the interaction of the various methods will produce a ‘ triangulation ’ effect — the same question being answered in different ways .

Thus emphasis has often been placed on the use of the card catalogue as a major source for locating material , out of all proportion to its value for obtaining information when compared to other tools for information retrieval .
thus emphasis has often been placed on the use of the card catalogue as a major source for locating material , out of all proportion to its value for [getting] information when compared to other tools for information retrieval .

The difficulties in the design of suitable tests for library use — in obtaining information that is of interest to the user — may well be partly due to the aforementioned confusion of objectives between librarians , academic staff , and students .
the difficulties in the design of suitable tests for library use — in [getting] information that is of interest to the user — may well be partly due to the aforementioned confusion of objectives between librarians , academic staff , and students .

obtaining rehousing , meeting other people with similar interests ) .
[getting] rehousing , meeting other people with similar interests ) .

The therapist should indicate other less disruptive methods of obtaining help and bringing about change .
the therapist should indicate other less disruptive methods of [getting] help and bringing about change .

In societies where there is a strong emphasis on certain goals , but where the means for obtaining them are unavailable to most citizens , the result is a situation of anomie ; a situation , in other words , where the rules and standards governing behaviour have lost their influence and force and are liable to be ignored , and where shared norms or rules no longer determine and direct behaviour .
in societies where there is a strong emphasis on certain goals , but where the means for [getting] them are unavailable to most citizens , the result is a situation of anomie ; a situation , in other words , where the rules and standards governing behaviour have lost their influence and force and are liable to be ignored , and where shared norms or rules no longer determine and direct behaviour .

The first record of the term ‘ long-firm fraud ’ which Levi uncovers was in a journal of 1869 , while the obtaining of goods under the false pretence that one had an honest and solvent business is an activity with a much longer history .
the first record of the term ‘ long-firm fraud ’ which levi uncovers was in a journal of 1869 , while the [getting] of goods under the false pretence that one had an honest and solvent business is an activity with a much longer history .

The responsibility for obtaining such information rests with the business units themselves and/or a central research and development department .
the responsibility for [getting] such information rests with the business units themselves and/or a central research and development department .

There is a revolution taking place today in the way that executives are obtaining information to help them make critical business decisions .
there is a revolution taking place today in the way that executives are [getting] information to help them make critical business decisions .

With their work , with their daily effort … paying taxes and building schools , the people invest money in the education of the pupil … Thus the pupil must know how to correspond to these sacrifices of the people by obtaining good marks and being exemplary .
with their work , with their daily effort … paying taxes and building schools , the people invest money in the education of the pupil … thus the pupil must know how to correspond to these sacrifices of the people by [getting] good marks and being exemplary .

It seems that those who become active evangelicals stand a better chance of obtaining housing materials and educational opportunities for their children .
it seems that those who become active evangelicals stand a better chance of [getting] housing materials and educational opportunities for their children .

by obtaining a bribe ( a sweet to stop the tantrum at the supermarket checkout ) ;
by [getting] a bribe ( a sweet to stop the tantrum at the supermarket checkout ) ;

While no doubt imposing a degree of justifiable administrative rigour on Urban Programme expenditure , the attainment of such measures can too readily be equated with ‘ success ’ ; obtaining accurate assessments of some outcomes , notably job-creation totals , is fraught with difficulties ( as examined in Chapter 9 . )
while no doubt imposing a degree of justifiable administrative rigour on urban programme expenditure , the attainment of such measures can too readily be equated with ‘ success ’ ; [getting] accurate assessments of some outcomes , notably job-creation totals , is fraught with difficulties ( as examined in chapter 9 . )

Obtaining the summary value
[getting] the summary value

Obtaining a land-cover classification
[getting] a land-cover classification

He proposed that a departmental committee should be set up to advise the Commissioner of Works and , looking at the War Department first , should draw up a specification of their requirements , and a competition should be organized ‘ open to the architects of every country , in order that no means may be neglected of obtaining the best designs ’ .
he proposed that a departmental committee should be set up to advise the commissioner of works and , looking at the war department first , should draw up a specification of their requirements , and a competition should be organized ‘ open to the architects of every country , in order that no means may be neglected of [getting] the best designs ’ .

On the following day , Stanley told the Finance Committee of the India Council that they had been offered this site , and pointed out the advantages of buying the land from the Government rather than obtaining a special Act of Parliament .
on the following day , stanley told the finance committee of the india council that they had been offered this site , and pointed out the advantages of buying the land from the government rather than [getting] a special act of parliament .

The process of obtaining this information is called ‘ taking the case ’ .
the process of [getting] this information is called ‘ taking the case ’ .

In that practice you will discover different ways of obtaining the information to suit the different types of cases .
in that practice you will discover different ways of [getting] the information to suit the different types of cases .

For example , in attempts to build quantum computers that can carry out more than one calculation simultaneously due to the linear features of quantum mechanics , actual decoherence is currently a technical hurdle in obtaining complex quantum calculations .
for example , in attempts to build quantum computers that can carry out more than one calculation simultaneously due to the linear features of quantum mechanics , actual decoherence is currently a technical hurdle in [getting] complex quantum calculations .

These walks are a little more off the beaten track and require advance planning in terms of parking the car and obtaining refreshment , but they ’ re rewarding because of the rich variety of landscapes they cover .
these walks are a little more off the beaten track and require advance planning in terms of parking the car and [getting] refreshment , but they ’ re rewarding because of the rich variety of landscapes they cover .

The porous volcanic particles that make up the topsoil are useless in themselves but act as a sponge for the moisture of the night air , obtaining water for the plants and eliminating the need for rain .
the porous volcanic particles that make up the topsoil are useless in themselves but act as a sponge for the moisture of the night air , [getting] water for the plants and eliminating the need for rain .

Obtaining real ivory , of course , means the slaughter of elephants , and today almost all import of ivory products has been banned .
[getting] real ivory , of course , means the slaughter of elephants , and today almost all import of ivory products has been banned .

In the case of the Earned Income Tax Credit , it is also a rare opportunity to significantly enhance the living situation of a low-income family by obtaining funds rightfully due them .
in the case of the earned income tax credit , it is also a rare opportunity to significantly enhance the living situation of a low-income family by [getting] funds rightfully due them .

The cuts will take the biggest bite out of Land of Lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers who help clients in southern Illinois with problems like eviction , access to Social Security and obtaining orders of protection from abusive spouses .
the cuts will take the biggest bite out of land of lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers who help clients in southern illinois with problems like eviction , access to social security and [getting] orders of protection from abusive spouses .

The cuts will take the biggest bite out of Land of Lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers who help clients in southern Illinois with problems such as eviction , access to Social Security and obtaining orders of protection from abusive spouses , Kleiman said .
the cuts will take the biggest bite out of land of lincoln , a network of eight offices and 40 lawyers who help clients in southern illinois with problems such as eviction , access to social security and [getting] orders of protection from abusive spouses , kleiman said .

Employing interactive video- and touch-screen technology , the kiosks guide users through the bureaucracy of obtaining domestic-violence restraining orders , establishing child custody , responding to child support and eviction orders , initiating small-claims suits and requesting waivers for legal filing fees .
employing interactive video- and touch-screen technology , the kiosks guide users through the bureaucracy of [getting] domestic-violence restraining orders , establishing child custody , responding to child support and eviction orders , initiating small-claims suits and requesting waivers for legal filing fees .

It offered free legal advice on civil matters including disputes in small claims court , divorce proceedings and obtaining Social Security benefits .
it offered free legal advice on civil matters including disputes in small claims court , divorce proceedings and [getting] social security benefits .

Obtaining funds from study sections on emergency care is difficult because peer-reviewers do not view alcohol-related research as being vital .
[getting] funds from study sections on emergency care is difficult because peer-reviewers do not view alcohol-related research as being vital .

Although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of obtaining information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 In order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the Social Security Death Index , and the Fatal Accident Reporting System ( FARS ) to detect mortality .
although claims data provide the most accurate information about health care use , ensuring adequate follow-up for purposes of [getting] information from patient self-report is important because many people do not report alcohol-related events to insurance compa-nies.40 in order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to assess other outcomes : for example , motor vehicle records to detect crashes ; police records to assess criminal activities ; and state vital statistics registries , the social security death index , and the fatal accident reporting system ( fars ) to detect mortality .

Emergency departments should designate specific individuals to assume the role of obtaining and interpreting screening results and to provide interventions .
emergency departments should designate specific individuals to assume the role of [getting] and interpreting screening results and to provide interventions .

Cherpitel has analyzed the sensitivity of each of the RAPS4 questions and sequenced them from most to least sensitive for most efficient use.35 Minimizing question sets for interviews will result in obtaining less information .
cherpitel has analyzed the sensitivity of each of the raps4 questions and sequenced them from most to least sensitive for most efficient use.35 minimizing question sets for interviews will result in [getting] less information .

Computer-administered or self-administered screens may address this issue by allowing patients to spend more time completing in-depth questioning with no additional staff time.54,55 This approach promises practical avenues for obtaining more information .
computer-administered or self-administered screens may address this issue by allowing patients to spend more time completing in-depth questioning with no additional staff time.54,55 this approach promises practical avenues for [getting] more information .

Obtaining Copies of GAO Reports and Testimony The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents at no cost is through the Internet .
[getting] copies of gao reports and testimony the fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of gao documents at no cost is through the internet .

Although one of the eight priorities focused on obtaining an unqualified opinion on agency financial statements , the eight priorities taken as a whole aim at improving the financial and performance information needed to make and implement effective policy , management , stewardship , and program decisions .
although one of the eight priorities focused on [getting] an unqualified opinion on agency financial statements , the eight priorities taken as a whole aim at improving the financial and performance information needed to make and implement effective policy , management , stewardship , and program decisions .

Before the data warehouse was available , obtaining responses to queries of this kind would have required obtaining separate reports from different systems and could have taken up to 2 months .
before the data warehouse was available , [getting] responses to queries of this kind would have required [getting] separate reports from different systems and could have taken up to 2 months .

Because it helps to prevent improper payments before they occur , this use of recovery auditing eliminates the costs associated with obtaining reimbursements for the erroneous payments or taking other actions needed to offset future payments by the amount of the improper payment .
because it helps to prevent improper payments before they occur , this use of recovery auditing eliminates the costs associated with [getting] reimbursements for the erroneous payments or taking other actions needed to offset future payments by the amount of the improper payment .

In addition to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .
in addition to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and [getting] information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .

When obtaining , storing , and using computer-generated information , an organization must always be mindful of privacy and security issues .
when [getting] , storing , and using computer-generated information , an organization must always be mindful of privacy and security issues .

Obtaining union cooperation and support through effective labormanagement relations can help achieve consensus on the planned changes , avoid misunderstandings , and more expeditiously resolve problems that occur .
[getting] union cooperation and support through effective labormanagement relations can help achieve consensus on the planned changes , avoid misunderstandings , and more expeditiously resolve problems that occur .

Similarly , as discussed previously , managers are looking for practical techniques for more precisely measuring the value of security controls and obtaining better data on risk factors .
similarly , as discussed previously , managers are looking for practical techniques for more precisely measuring the value of security controls and [getting] better data on risk factors .

For monetary instruments , the revenue is recognized at the time of obtaining forfeiture judgment ; for property that is sold , at the time of sale ; and for property that is held for internal use or transferred to another Federal agency , at the time of obtaining approval to use the property internally or transfer it.46 266 .
for monetary instruments , the revenue is recognized at the time of [getting] forfeiture judgment ; for property that is sold , at the time of sale ; and for property that is held for internal use or transferred to another federal agency , at the time of [getting] approval to use the property internally or transfer it.46 266 .

Examples of human capital outcomes are program graduates obtaining jobs within 2 months of program completion or program graduates obtaining jobs making more money than they previously received on Federal aid .
examples of human capital outcomes are program graduates [getting] jobs within 2 months of program completion or program graduates [getting] jobs making more money than they previously received on federal aid .

For example , obtaining agreement among often competing stakeholders is never easy , particularly in an environment where available resources are declining .
for example , [getting] agreement among often competing stakeholders is never easy , particularly in an environment where available resources are declining .

The principal legislative history accompanying the Act16 chronicled the different access problems GAO had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled , including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the White House.≈ These included an audit that required GAO to obtain unemployment estimates from the Council of Economic Advisers.17 The Senate report accompanying the 1980 Act explicitly recognized that ƒthe President and his principal advisers and assistants≈ are within the scope of GAO « s access rights and enforcement authority.18 In order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which GAO could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , Congress added the ƒcertification≈ mechanism .
the principal legislative history accompanying the act16 chronicled the different access problems gao had encountered in [getting] records to which it was legally entitled , including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the white house.≈ these included an audit that required gao to obtain unemployment estimates from the council of economic advisers.17 the senate report accompanying the 1980 act explicitly recognized that ƒthe president and his principal advisers and assistants≈ are within the scope of gao « s access rights and enforcement authority.18 in order to accommodate executive branch concerns about the extent to which gao could judicially compel disclosure of highly sensitive information , congress added the ƒcertification≈ mechanism .

Obtaining Copies of GAO Reports and Testimony The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents at no cost is through the Internet .
[getting] copies of gao reports and testimony the fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of gao documents at no cost is through the internet .

Obtaining Copies of GAO Reports and Testimony The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents at no cost is through the Internet .
[getting] copies of gao reports and testimony the fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of gao documents at no cost is through the internet .

Another one of the agencies planning the implementation of an electronic travel claim system believed that about 10 percent of the travel claims would continue to come from small , isolated offices ( where personnel spend most of the time out of the office ) where obtaining and operating computer facilities are not costeffective .
another one of the agencies planning the implementation of an electronic travel claim system believed that about 10 percent of the travel claims would continue to come from small , isolated offices ( where personnel spend most of the time out of the office ) where [getting] and operating computer facilities are not costeffective .

After payment , a test of the validity of the payment would be made on a sample basis by obtaining the supporting documentation from the traveler ( where it would be retained ) and reviewing information in the documents to ensure the validity of the claim .
after payment , a test of the validity of the payment would be made on a sample basis by [getting] the supporting documentation from the traveler ( where it would be retained ) and reviewing information in the documents to ensure the validity of the claim .

Obtaining Agency Comments offices have , through Senate and House intranet connections to GAO , access to the objectives , scope , and methodology of active GAO assignments , except for those cases where the reporting of such work would result in disclosing classified or other sensitive information .
[getting] agency comments offices have , through senate and house intranet connections to gao , access to the objectives , scope , and methodology of active gao assignments , except for those cases where the reporting of such work would result in disclosing classified or other sensitive information .

Instead , the acquisition environment emphasizes delaying knowledge capture and problem identification since these events can have a negative influence on obtaining annual program funding-a key to success for DOD managers .
instead , the acquisition environment emphasizes delaying knowledge capture and problem identification since these events can have a negative influence on [getting] annual program funding-a key to success for dod managers .

In DOD , incentives are centered on obtaining scarce funding on an annual basis in a competitive environment to meet predetermined and typically optimistic program schedules .
in dod , incentives are centered on [getting] scarce funding on an annual basis in a competitive environment to meet predetermined and typically optimistic program schedules .

Currently , managers are focused more on the annual exercise of obtaining funding needed to keep their programs viable and alive .
currently , managers are focused more on the annual exercise of [getting] funding needed to keep their programs viable and alive .

Obtaining Copies of GAO Reports and Testimony The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents at no cost is through the Internet .
[getting] copies of gao reports and testimony the fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of gao documents at no cost is through the internet .

We will chair a panel to review the government 's A-76 process for obtaining services through competitive sourcing .
we will chair a panel to review the government 's a-76 process for [getting] services through competitive sourcing .

Cases in which obtaining oral comments can be effective include when there is a time-critical need to meet a user 's needs ; the auditor has worked closely with the responsible officials throughout the conduct of the work and the parties are very familiar with the findings and issues addressed in the draft product ; or the auditor does not expect major disagreements with the draft report 's findings , conclusions , and recommendations , or perceive any major controversies with regard to the issued discussed in the draft report .
cases in which [getting] oral comments can be effective include when there is a time-critical need to meet a user 's needs ; the auditor has worked closely with the responsible officials throughout the conduct of the work and the parties are very familiar with the findings and issues addressed in the draft product ; or the auditor does not expect major disagreements with the draft report 's findings , conclusions , and recommendations , or perceive any major controversies with regard to the issued discussed in the draft report .

Cases in which obtaining oral comments can be effective include when there is a time-critical need to meet a user 's needs ; the auditors have worked closely with the responsible officials throughout the conduct of the work and the parties are very familiar with the findings and issues addressed in the draft product ; or the auditor does not expect major disagreements with the draft report 's findings , conclusions , and recommendations , or perceive any major controversies with regard to the issues discussed in the draft report .
cases in which [getting] oral comments can be effective include when there is a time-critical need to meet a user 's needs ; the auditors have worked closely with the responsible officials throughout the conduct of the work and the parties are very familiar with the findings and issues addressed in the draft product ; or the auditor does not expect major disagreements with the draft report 's findings , conclusions , and recommendations , or perceive any major controversies with regard to the issues discussed in the draft report .

The field work standards for performance audits relate to planning the audit , supervising staff , obtaining sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence , and preparing audit documentation .
the field work standards for performance audits relate to planning the audit , supervising staff , [getting] sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence , and preparing audit documentation .

Obtaining that understanding is also a necessary step in identifying provisions of laws and regulations significant to audit objectives .
[getting] that understanding is also a necessary step in identifying provisions of laws and regulations significant to audit objectives .

For example , an outcome measure for a job training program could be the percentage of trained persons obtaining a job and still in the work place after a specified period of time .
for example , an outcome measure for a job training program could be the percentage of trained persons [getting] a job and still in the work place after a specified period of time .

Cases in which obtaining oral comments can be effective include when there is a time-critical need to meet a user 's needs ; the auditor has worked closely with the responsible officials throughout the conduct of the work and the parties are very familiar with the findings and issues addressed in the draft product ; or the auditor does not expect major disagreements with the draft report 's findings , conclusions , and recommendations , or perceive any major controversies with regard to the issues discussed in the draft report .
cases in which [getting] oral comments can be effective include when there is a time-critical need to meet a user 's needs ; the auditor has worked closely with the responsible officials throughout the conduct of the work and the parties are very familiar with the findings and issues addressed in the draft product ; or the auditor does not expect major disagreements with the draft report 's findings , conclusions , and recommendations , or perceive any major controversies with regard to the issues discussed in the draft report .

Similarly , as discussed previously , managers are looking for practical techniques for more precisely measuring the value of security controls and obtaining better data on risk factors .
similarly , as discussed previously , managers are looking for practical techniques for more precisely measuring the value of security controls and [getting] better data on risk factors .

Without the broadbased assistance and experience of GAO to support the Congress , the Congress would clearly lose opportunities for obtaining an array of options , undertaking informed decisionmaking , and fully pursuing oversight-all important elements of the Congress ' constitutional responsibilities .
without the broadbased assistance and experience of gao to support the congress , the congress would clearly lose opportunities for [getting] an array of options , undertaking informed decisionmaking , and fully pursuing oversight-all important elements of the congress ' constitutional responsibilities .

Congress should consider establishing incentives such as debt relief for school loans for new hires , an ability for staff that is eligible to retire to retreat slowly into retirement through part time work , while obtaining a portion of their pension , and a provision that allows federal employees- like private sector employees-to keep frequent flier miles .
congress should consider establishing incentives such as debt relief for school loans for new hires , an ability for staff that is eligible to retire to retreat slowly into retirement through part time work , while [getting] a portion of their pension , and a provision that allows federal employees- like private sector employees-to keep frequent flier miles .

These factors included ( 1 ) fostering trust and respect ; ( 2 ) establishing effective , timely , and appropriately secure communication ; ( 3 ) obtaining top management support ; ( 4 ) ensuring organization leadership continuity ; and ( 5 ) generating clearly identifiable membership benefits .
these factors included ( 1 ) fostering trust and respect ; ( 2 ) establishing effective , timely , and appropriately secure communication ; ( 3 ) [getting] top management support ; ( 4 ) ensuring organization leadership continuity ; and ( 5 ) generating clearly identifiable membership benefits .

Members told us that senior management support for their participation in an information-sharing organization was critical to their success in obtaining valuable information and contributing to the success of the entire information-sharing organization .
members told us that senior management support for their participation in an information-sharing organization was critical to their success in [getting] valuable information and contributing to the success of the entire information-sharing organization .

These challenges included ( 1 ) initially establishing and maintaining trust relationships , ( 2 ) developing agreements on the use and protection of shared information , ( 3 ) obtaining adequate funding , ( 4 ) developing and retaining a membership base , and ( 5 ) developing and maintaining an organization staff with appropriate skills .
these challenges included ( 1 ) initially establishing and maintaining trust relationships , ( 2 ) developing agreements on the use and protection of shared information , ( 3 ) [getting] adequate funding , ( 4 ) developing and retaining a membership base , and ( 5 ) developing and maintaining an organization staff with appropriate skills .

The organizations also faced challenges obtaining adequate funding for various items , including mailings ; meeting space ; technological enhancements ; and other administrative activities and , when applicable , salaries for permanent staff .
the organizations also faced challenges [getting] adequate funding for various items , including mailings ; meeting space ; technological enhancements ; and other administrative activities and , when applicable , salaries for permanent staff .

Obtaining Adequate Funding Developing and Retaining the Membership Base Most of the organizations said that they had to work to overcome the challenge of maintaining their memberships ' enthusiasm and participation so that members would use the communication mechanisms , maintain confidentiality , and continue to share relevant information .
[getting] adequate funding developing and retaining the membership base most of the organizations said that they had to work to overcome the challenge of maintaining their memberships ' enthusiasm and participation so that members would use the communication mechanisms , maintain confidentiality , and continue to share relevant information .

Obtaining Copies of GAO Reports and Testimony The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents is through the Internet .
[getting] copies of gao reports and testimony the fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of gao documents is through the internet .

However , in an electronic world , where adequate controls have not been implemented , the similar approach of having an individual 's name appended to a data record does not provide the same assurance because , for example , the terms and conditions can be changed without obtaining the individual 's approval of the changes made .
however , in an electronic world , where adequate controls have not been implemented , the similar approach of having an individual 's name appended to a data record does not provide the same assurance because , for example , the terms and conditions can be changed without [getting] the individual 's approval of the changes made .

In additional to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .
in additional to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and [getting] information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .

Acquisition The obtaining , by contract with appropriated funds , of supplies or services ( including construction ) by and for the use of the federal government through purchase or lease , whether the supplies or services are already in existence or must be created , developed , demonstrated , and evaluated .
acquisition the [getting] , by contract with appropriated funds , of supplies or services ( including construction ) by and for the use of the federal government through purchase or lease , whether the supplies or services are already in existence or must be created , developed , demonstrated , and evaluated .

During the entrance conference , GAO will also ask agency officials to designate a key contact to assist , as applicable , in obtaining temporary office space in agencies where GAO does not already have office space as well as fax and telephone equipment needed for GAO to complete its work at the agency .
during the entrance conference , gao will also ask agency officials to designate a key contact to assist , as applicable , in [getting] temporary office space in agencies where gao does not already have office space as well as fax and telephone equipment needed for gao to complete its work at the agency .

In some limited circumstances , when there is concern that a draft product may be prematurely released , GAO will take extra precautions in obtaining agency comments .
in some limited circumstances , when there is concern that a draft product may be prematurely released , gao will take extra precautions in [getting] agency comments .

GAO will follow up by discussing the status of recommendations with cognizant agency officials ; obtaining copies of agency documents supporting the recommendations ' implementation ; and performing sufficient work to verify that the recommended actions are being taken and , to the extent possible , that the desired results are being achieved .
gao will follow up by discussing the status of recommendations with cognizant agency officials ; [getting] copies of agency documents supporting the recommendations ' implementation ; and performing sufficient work to verify that the recommended actions are being taken and , to the extent possible , that the desired results are being achieved .

To ensure admissibility in subsequent judicial proceedings , OSI performs its work in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Constitution , statutes , and court decisions applicable to obtaining evidence in criminal and civil cases .
to ensure admissibility in subsequent judicial proceedings , osi performs its work in accordance with the requirements of the u.s. constitution , statutes , and court decisions applicable to [getting] evidence in criminal and civil cases .

While for the most part , agencies have provided GAO with requested information within agreed-upon time frames , the following sections describe the steps GAO is authorized to follow if it believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in obtaining the requested access .
while for the most part , agencies have provided gao with requested information within agreed-upon time frames , the following sections describe the steps gao is authorized to follow if it believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in [getting] the requested access .

When GAO needs access to classified , proprietary , or otherwise sensitive information , it will comply with all applicable statutory requirements , including obtaining the necessary security and other clearances for assigned GAO staff .
when gao needs access to classified , proprietary , or otherwise sensitive information , it will comply with all applicable statutory requirements , including [getting] the necessary security and other clearances for assigned gao staff .

Obtaining Access to Information same level of confidentiality and protection required of the agency .
[getting] access to information same level of confidentiality and protection required of the agency .

However , if GAO believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in obtaining requested access , GAO officials will contact the agency 's leadership for resolution and notify the congressional requester ( s ) of the work affected , as appropriate .
however , if gao believes it is experiencing unreasonable delays in [getting] requested access , gao officials will contact the agency 's leadership for resolution and notify the congressional requester ( s ) of the work affected , as appropriate .

Consistent with GAO 's reporting standards , when there is difficulty in obtaining timely access to information that adversely affects either the completion of an engagement , its scope , or both , GAO 's product will reflect that GAO had this difficulty .
consistent with gao 's reporting standards , when there is difficulty in [getting] timely access to information that adversely affects either the completion of an engagement , its scope , or both , gao 's product will reflect that gao had this difficulty .

Obtaining Copies : The fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of GAO documents is through the Internet .
[getting] copies : the fastest and easiest way to obtain copies of gao documents is through the internet .

Like GSA and IRS , Justice shares savings its employees achieve by using frequent flyer miles and obtaining lodging at reduced costs .
like gsa and irs , justice shares savings its employees achieve by using frequent flyer miles and [getting] lodging at reduced costs .

Work included obtaining views of organizations representing physicians , hospitals , insurers , and lawyers on perceived problems , actions taken to deal with them , results of these actions , and the need for federal involvement .
work included [getting] views of organizations representing physicians , hospitals , insurers , and lawyers on perceived problems , actions taken to deal with them , results of these actions , and the need for federal involvement .

Table 3.6 : Program Effects Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods Functions Determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects Design features Site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods Pitfalls Not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias There are some methodological solutions to this problem .
table 3.6 : program effects case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods functions determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects design features site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods pitfalls not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to [getting] insight without risking bias there are some methodological solutions to this problem .

The latter are helpful in retrospective cumulation as a means of obtaining information from the authors that permits an otherwise unusable case study to be included in the aggregation .
the latter are helpful in retrospective cumulation as a means of [getting] information from the authors that permits an otherwise unusable case study to be included in the aggregation .

Glossary Backfill Techniques Techniques used in cumulative case studies to collect information needed if the study is to be usable for aggregation ; these techniques include , for example , obtaining missing information from the authors on how instances studied were identified and on the bases for instance selection .
glossary backfill techniques techniques used in cumulative case studies to collect information needed if the study is to be usable for aggregation ; these techniques include , for example , [getting] missing information from the authors on how instances studied were identified and on the bases for instance selection .

The CIO accepted the position only after obtaining senior executives « commitment to his vision for transforming not just information technology and management , but processes in the entire company .
the cio accepted the position only after [getting] senior executives « commitment to his vision for transforming not just information technology and management , but processes in the entire company .

Upon receipt of this notice , OCE will so notify the Vice President for Administration and seek to find a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with LSC 's need for information to ensure compliance .
upon receipt of this notice , oce will so notify the vice president for administration and seek to find a mutually satisfactory manner for [getting] access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with lsc 's need for information to ensure compliance .

If Vice Presidents for Administration and Programs agree that the recipient has a reasonable claim that the information is privileged or confidential , then OCE will further seek to develop a mutually satisfactory manner for obtaining access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with LSC 's need for information to ensure compliance .
if vice presidents for administration and programs agree that the recipient has a reasonable claim that the information is privileged or confidential , then oce will further seek to develop a mutually satisfactory manner for [getting] access to the information consistent with the applicable rules of attorney-client privilege and professional responsibility and consistent with lsc 's need for information to ensure compliance .

However , the representation is limited to preventing or obtaining relief from the violence .
however , the representation is limited to preventing or [getting] relief from the violence .

These aliens may seek legal assistance at any time during the year , although limited English ability and lack of knowledge of rights and procedures may provide obstacles to seeking and obtaining representation .
these aliens may seek legal assistance at any time during the year , although limited english ability and lack of knowledge of rights and procedures may provide obstacles to seeking and [getting] representation .

In such circumstances , the worker 's legal claim essentially arises simultaneously with the worker 's departure from the U.S. Legal claims involving transportation reimbursement , unpaid wages , the three-fourths guarantee , blacklisting and retaliation , and problems with obtaining workers compensation benefits may all arise while the H-2A aliens are back home .
in such circumstances , the worker 's legal claim essentially arises simultaneously with the worker 's departure from the u.s. legal claims involving transportation reimbursement , unpaid wages , the three-fourths guarantee , blacklisting and retaliation , and problems with [getting] workers compensation benefits may all arise while the h-2a aliens are back home .

These workers seek legal assistance when they encounter difficulties obtaining workers compensation benefits .
these workers seek legal assistance when they encounter difficulties [getting] workers compensation benefits .

Farmworker cases are very labor intensive - clients generally can not be accessed by phone or fax , clients may not be able to communicate in writing , and interviewing a client or obtaining or preparing documents may require multiple visits in person to the worker 's location .
farmworker cases are very labor intensive - clients generally can not be accessed by phone or fax , clients may not be able to communicate in writing , and interviewing a client or [getting] or preparing documents may require multiple visits in person to the worker 's location .

Under an interpretation that the alien must be physically present when the representation commenced , an alien who was temporarily outside the United States would be barred from obtaining legal services representation on 22 64 Fed .
under an interpretation that the alien must be physically present when the representation commenced , an alien who was temporarily outside the united states would be barred from [getting] legal services representation on 22 64 fed .

Later in 2002 , building on this panel , the Virginia State Planning Assembly began creating an action plan of goals for obtaining diverse staff and boards , growing a diverse corps of leaders and deeper engagement with the client community .
later in 2002 , building on this panel , the virginia state planning assembly began creating an action plan of goals for [getting] diverse staff and boards , growing a diverse corps of leaders and deeper engagement with the client community .

Ohio has been extremely successful in obtaining diversified state funding for legal services and has one of the highest levels of state funding in the country .
ohio has been extremely successful in [getting] diversified state funding for legal services and has one of the highest levels of state funding in the country .

The level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .
the level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for [getting] the toxicity data .

The level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .
the level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for [getting] the toxicity data .

These activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project : ( 1 ) conducting an engineering review of the facility and awarding a procurement contract ; ( 2 ) obtaining a construction permit ; ( 3 ) installing the control technology ; and ( 4 ) obtaining an operating permit .
these activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project : ( 1 ) conducting an engineering review of the facility and awarding a procurement contract ; ( 2 ) [getting] a construction permit ; ( 3 ) installing the control technology ; and ( 4 ) [getting] an operating permit .

In one case , only about 4-5 months were needed for obtaining the construction permit,26 and only six months were needed to obtain the construction permit for retrofit of two 900 MWe boilers in another case.21 Shorter periods for construction permit authorization would allow earlier commencement of construction activities and could potentially shorten the overall schedule .
in one case , only about 4-5 months were needed for [getting] the construction permit,26 and only six months were needed to obtain the construction permit for retrofit of two 900 mwe boilers in another case.21 shorter periods for construction permit authorization would allow earlier commencement of construction activities and could potentially shorten the overall schedule .

These activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project : ( 1 ) conducting an engineering review of the facility and awarding a procurement contract ; ( 2 ) obtaining a construction permit ; ( 3 ) installing the control technology ; and ( 4 ) obtaining an operating permit .
these activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project : ( 1 ) conducting an engineering review of the facility and awarding a procurement contract ; ( 2 ) [getting] a construction permit ; ( 3 ) installing the control technology ; and ( 4 ) [getting] an operating permit .

Thus , by using this evaluation technique , we are able to avoid the need for obtaining productive hourly costs translated into dollars using purchasing power parities .
thus , by using this evaluation technique , we are able to avoid the need for [getting] productive hourly costs translated into dollars using purchasing power parities .

This brings me to Myth Number Three : The Postal Service can not close a post office without first obtaining the approval of the Postal Rate Commission , which supposedly takes four years .
this brings me to myth number three : the postal service can not close a post office without first [getting] the approval of the postal rate commission , which supposedly takes four years .

Translating between English and Arabic , he assisted them in obtaining California driver 's licenses and with applying to language and flight schools .
translating between english and arabic , he assisted them in [getting] california driver 's licenses and with applying to language and flight schools .

With his housemate 's help , Hazmi also used the Internet to search for a wife ( after obtaining KSM 's approval to marry ) .
with his housemate 's help , hazmi also used the internet to search for a wife ( after [getting] ksm 's approval to marry ) .

He gave them money ( about $ 2,000 each ) and instructed them to return to Afghanistan for more training after obtaining the visas .
he gave them money ( about $ 2,000 each ) and instructed them to return to afghanistan for more training after [getting] the visas .

These candidate hijackers either backed out , had trouble obtaining needed travel documents , or were removed from the operation by the al Qaeda leadership .
these candidate hijackers either backed out , had trouble [getting] needed travel documents , or were removed from the operation by the al qaeda leadership .

It was unusual for a student with so little training to be learning to fly large jets without any intention of obtaining a pilot 's license or other goal .
it was unusual for a student with so little training to be learning to fly large jets without any intention of [getting] a pilot 's license or other goal .

On obtaining photo identification , see ibid .
on [getting] photo identification , see ibid .

Intelligence agents could see FISA materials and any other information that bore cautions about sharing without obtaining the FISA Court 's permission or permission from the Justice Department 's OIPR .
intelligence agents could see fisa materials and any other information that bore cautions about sharing without [getting] the fisa court 's permission or permission from the justice department 's oipr .

There would have been no easy means , however , to determine the existence of these accounts , and obtaining bank cooperation pre-9/11 might have been problematic .
there would have been no easy means , however , to determine the existence of these accounts , and [getting] bank cooperation pre-9/11 might have been problematic .

Finally , the Minneapolis Field Office mistakenly believed that the 1995 Attorney General procedures required OIPR 's approval before it could contact the U.S. Attorney 's Office about obtaining a criminal warrant .
finally , the minneapolis field office mistakenly believed that the 1995 attorney general procedures required oipr 's approval before it could contact the u.s. attorney 's office about [getting] a criminal warrant .

In December 1999 , NSA began placing caveats on all of its Bin Ladin reports that precluded sharing of any of the reports ' contents with criminal prosecutors or FBI agents investigating criminal matters without first obtaining OIPR 's permission .
in december 1999 , nsa began placing caveats on all of its bin ladin reports that precluded sharing of any of the reports ' contents with criminal prosecutors or fbi agents investigating criminal matters without first [getting] oipr 's permission .

Throughout the 1980s and early 1990s , Justice prosecutors had informal arrangements for obtaining information gathered in the FISA process , the understanding being that they would not improperly exploit that process for their criminal cases .
throughout the 1980s and early 1990s , justice prosecutors had informal arrangements for [getting] information gathered in the fisa process , the understanding being that they would not improperly exploit that process for their criminal cases .

The sad irony is that the agents who found the source were being kept from obtaining the fruits of their own work .
the sad irony is that the agents who found the source were being kept from [getting] the fruits of their own work .

The New York agents left the meeting without obtaining information that might have started them looking for Mihdhar .
the new york agents left the meeting without [getting] information that might have started them looking for mihdhar .

Because it was not clear whether Moussaoui could be imprisoned , the FBI case agent decided the most important thing was to prevent Moussaoui from obtaining any further training that he could use to carry out a potential attack .
because it was not clear whether moussaoui could be imprisoned , the fbi case agent decided the most important thing was to prevent moussaoui from [getting] any further training that he could use to carry out a potential attack .

A president-elect should submit lists of possible candidates for national security positions to begin obtaining security clearances immediately after the election , so that their background investigations can be complete before January 20 .
a president-elect should submit lists of possible candidates for national security positions to begin [getting] security clearances immediately after the election , so that their background investigations can be complete before january 20 .

Specifically , he has recognized that the FBI needs to recruit from a broader pool of candidates , that agents and analysts working on national security matters require specialized training , and that agents should specialize within programs after obtaining a generalist foundation .
specifically , he has recognized that the fbi needs to recruit from a broader pool of candidates , that agents and analysts working on national security matters require specialized training , and that agents should specialize within programs after [getting] a generalist foundation .

He bought or stole chemicals and equipment for his bomb , obtaining advice from three Algerian friends , all of whom were wanted by authorities in France for their roles in past terrorist attacks there .
he bought or stole chemicals and equipment for his bomb , [getting] advice from three algerian friends , all of whom were wanted by authorities in france for their roles in past terrorist attacks there .

Given that a presidential election in the United States brings wholesale change in personnel , this loss of time hampered the new administration in identifying , recruiting , clearing , and obtaining Senate confirmation of key appointees .
given that a presidential election in the united states brings wholesale change in personnel , this loss of time hampered the new administration in identifying , recruiting , clearing , and [getting] senate confirmation of key appointees .

To highlight the danger of terrorists obtaining chemical , biological , radiological , or nuclear weapons , Bonk brought along a mock-up suitcase to evoke the way the Aum Shinrikyo doomsday cult had spread deadly sarin nerve agent on the Tokyo subway in 1995 .
to highlight the danger of terrorists [getting] chemical , biological , radiological , or nuclear weapons , bonk brought along a mock-up suitcase to evoke the way the aum shinrikyo doomsday cult had spread deadly sarin nerve agent on the tokyo subway in 1995 .

He spent five months in the German army before obtaining a medical discharge , and lived with Atta and Binalshibh at 54 Marienstrasse for eight months between November 1998 and July 1999 .
he spent five months in the german army before [getting] a medical discharge , and lived with atta and binalshibh at 54 marienstrasse for eight months between november 1998 and july 1999 .

After obtaining the necessary visas , they received Slahi 's final instructions on how to travel to Karachi and then Quetta , where they were to contact someone named Umar al Masri at the Taliban office .
after [getting] the necessary visas , they received slahi 's final instructions on how to travel to karachi and then quetta , where they were to contact someone named umar al masri at the taliban office .

The FAA analysts judged such an operation unlikely , because `` it does not offer an opportunity for dialogue to achieve the key goal of obtaining Rahman and other key captive extremists .
the faa analysts judged such an operation unlikely , because `` it does not offer an opportunity for dialogue to achieve the key goal of [getting] rahman and other key captive extremists .

Atta had twice explored the possibility of obtaining a U.S. green card shortly before his November 1999 trip to Afghanistan .
atta had twice explored the possibility of [getting] a u.s. green card shortly before his november 1999 trip to afghanistan .

Al Qaeda also relied on outside travel facilitators , including fraudulent document vendors , corrupt officials , travel agencies , and smugglers , to help move operatives around the world by obtaining fraudulent documents , arranging visas ( real or fake ) , making airline reservations , etc .
al qaeda also relied on outside travel facilitators , including fraudulent document vendors , corrupt officials , travel agencies , and smugglers , to help move operatives around the world by [getting] fraudulent documents , arranging visas ( real or fake ) , making airline reservations , etc .

For Hanjour obtaining his pilot 's license in three months , see FBI report of investigation , interview of Amro Hassan , Sept. 17 , 2001 , p. 2 .
for hanjour [getting] his pilot 's license in three months , see fbi report of investigation , interview of amro hassan , sept. 17 , 2001 , p. 2 .

For Hanjour returning home and obtaining a visa , see DOS records , visa applications for Hanjour , Sept. 10 , 2000 ; Sept. 25 , 2000 .
for hanjour returning home and [getting] a visa , see dos records , visa applications for hanjour , sept. 10 , 2000 ; sept. 25 , 2000 .

Although no specific evidence places Omari in the apartment , the muscle hijackers based in New Jersey likely lived together , as they apparently conducted other activities jointly , such as obtaining identification cards .
although no specific evidence places omari in the apartment , the muscle hijackers based in new jersey likely lived together , as they apparently conducted other activities jointly , such as [getting] identification cards .

For Atta and Jarrah obtaining driver 's licenses , see FBI report , `` Hijackers Timeline , '' Dec. 5 , 2003 ( May 2 , 2001 , entry citing 265A-NY-280350- MM , serial 59 ) .
for atta and jarrah [getting] driver 's licenses , see fbi report , `` hijackers timeline , '' dec. 5 , 2003 ( may 2 , 2001 , entry citing 265a-ny-280350- mm , serial 59 ) .

On obtaining `` clean '' passports and the two damaged passports , see Intelligence reports , interrogations of KSM , July 3 , 2003 ; Sept. 9 , 2003 .
on [getting] `` clean '' passports and the two damaged passports , see intelligence reports , interrogations of ksm , july 3 , 2003 ; sept. 9 , 2003 .

He warned that al Qaeda `` continues to pursue its strategic goal of obtaining a nuclear capability . ''
he warned that al qaeda `` continues to pursue its strategic goal of [getting] a nuclear capability . ''

This was done by expressing the network in terms of coupled differential equations , picking parameters at random from within prespecified ranges , solving the equation set numerically , then picking another random set of parameters and obtaining a new numerical solution , and so forth , until 240,000 cases were tried .
this was done by expressing the network in terms of coupled differential equations , picking parameters at random from within prespecified ranges , solving the equation set numerically , then picking another random set of parameters and [getting] a new numerical solution , and so forth , until 240,000 cases were tried .

As far back as 1868 , Franciscus Donders [ 2 ] subtracted the time taken to make a single response to an unvarying stimulus—what he called an instructed reflex—from the time it took to make the same response to one of two events , obtaining the time required to discriminate between the two stimuli .
as far back as 1868 , franciscus donders [ 2 ] subtracted the time taken to make a single response to an unvarying stimulus—what he called an instructed reflex—from the time it took to make the same response to one of two events , [getting] the time required to discriminate between the two stimuli .

The first involves obtaining the identity of the probe input ( encoding ) , the second making a comparison against the stored representation of the digit five , the third selecting a response , and lastly , checking the output for error .
the first involves [getting] the identity of the probe input ( encoding ) , the second making a comparison against the stored representation of the digit five , the third selecting a response , and lastly , checking the output for error .

The basis for resistance had not been known , in part owing to the difficulty in obtaining tissue from re-biopsy at time of relapse .
the basis for resistance had not been known , in part owing to the difficulty in [getting] tissue from re-biopsy at time of relapse .

We note that our OEAS does not produce perfect equality ; however , our optimal strategy significantly improves equality in obtaining treatment over the two other allocation strategies that we analyzed for comparison : ( i ) ARVs allocated only to one HCF ( in the largest city , Durban ) ( see Figure 3D and 3E ) , and ( ii ) equal quantities of ARVs allocated to each HCF throughout the province ( see Figure 3G and 3H ) .
we note that our oeas does not produce perfect equality ; however , our optimal strategy significantly improves equality in [getting] treatment over the two other allocation strategies that we analyzed for comparison : ( i ) arvs allocated only to one hcf ( in the largest city , durban ) ( see figure 3d and 3e ) , and ( ii ) equal quantities of arvs allocated to each hcf throughout the province ( see figure 3g and 3h ) .

We calculated the optimal allocation of ARVs to available HCFs so that all infected individuals will have as close as possible to an equal chance of obtaining treatment .
we calculated the optimal allocation of arvs to available hcfs so that all infected individuals will have as close as possible to an equal chance of [getting] treatment .

Over 50 % of professionals reported obtaining informed consent of patients for HIV tests half of the time or less , including 14 % who reported never obtaining consent for HIV tests ( Table 3 ) .
over 50 % of professionals reported [getting] informed consent of patients for hiv tests half of the time or less , including 14 % who reported never [getting] consent for hiv tests ( table 3 ) .

Obtaining accurate information on highly migratory species is challenging , to say the least .
[getting] accurate information on highly migratory species is challenging , to say the least .

The nodal SI change was calculated by obtaining SI before and after contrast administration .
the nodal si change was calculated by [getting] si before and after contrast administration .

The nodal SNR was calculated by obtaining SD/SD noise .
the nodal snr was calculated by [getting] sd/sd noise .

Limited data , recall bias , and poor measurement together hinder obtaining accurate effect estimates , due to confounding by unmeasured factors .
limited data , recall bias , and poor measurement together hinder [getting] accurate effect estimates , due to confounding by unmeasured factors .

Study limitations include ( a ) the relatively small number of twin pairs ( albeit similar to other twin studies [ 3,11 ] ) ; ( b ) lack of data on detailed occupational class position over time and on age at obtaining a college degree , plus prior or current data on income , poverty , wealth , and debt ; ( c ) lack of data on gestational age , birth weight , birth order , and whether the twins had shared or separate chorions and amniotic sacs [ 2,7,11,40 ] ; ( d ) lack of data on differences in the twins ' childhood experiences and exposures ( e.g. , differential treatment accorded to first- versus second-born twins , and to monozygotic versus dizygotic twins [ 6 ] ) ; and ( e ) lack of data on male twins ; in addition , the small number of women twins who were concordant on adult working class position limits generalizability ( but not internal validity ) of results .
study limitations include ( a ) the relatively small number of twin pairs ( albeit similar to other twin studies [ 3,11 ] ) ; ( b ) lack of data on detailed occupational class position over time and on age at [getting] a college degree , plus prior or current data on income , poverty , wealth , and debt ; ( c ) lack of data on gestational age , birth weight , birth order , and whether the twins had shared or separate chorions and amniotic sacs [ 2,7,11,40 ] ; ( d ) lack of data on differences in the twins ' childhood experiences and exposures ( e.g. , differential treatment accorded to first- versus second-born twins , and to monozygotic versus dizygotic twins [ 6 ] ) ; and ( e ) lack of data on male twins ; in addition , the small number of women twins who were concordant on adult working class position limits generalizability ( but not internal validity ) of results .

Most studies assessing the impact of childhood socioeconomic position on health , however , have relied on occupational and sometimes educational data [ 8,9,26,41â€ “ 46 ] , reflecting difficulties in obtaining income data across the lifecourse [ 16â€ “ 18 ] .
most studies assessing the impact of childhood socioeconomic position on health , however , have relied on occupational and sometimes educational data [ 8,9,26,41â€ “ 46 ] , reflecting difficulties in [getting] income data across the lifecourse [ 16â€ “ 18 ] .

Later , my distress hit home in a personal way when I discovered than an expectant mother who lived just a few blocks from my house in Marion County - a young , unmarried woman just like Cecilia -- had difficulty obtaining prenatal care .
later , my distress hit home in a personal way when i discovered than an expectant mother who lived just a few blocks from my house in marion county - a young , unmarried woman just like cecilia -- had difficulty [getting] prenatal care .

Last year , their `` law firm solicitation program '' succeeded in obtaining a range of 57 % to 100 % contributing alumni -employed by participating firms .
last year , their `` law firm solicitation program '' succeeded in [getting] a range of 57 % to 100 % contributing alumni -employed by participating firms .

Esau 's bitter hatred to his brother Jacob for fraudulently obtaining his blessing appears to have been inherited by his latest posterity .
esau 's bitter hatred to his brother jacob for fraudulently [getting] his blessing appears to have been inherited by his latest posterity .

The four were officially accused of using the organization to undermine law , contributing to the deaths of some 1,400 people who were taught to avoid modern medicine , and obtaining and dispersing information about the state 's crackdown on the group .
the four were officially accused of using the organization to undermine law , contributing to the deaths of some 1,400 people who were taught to avoid modern medicine , and [getting] and dispersing information about the state 's crackdown on the group .

This means that if you 're a smart young college graduate or a bored lawyer or a retired-at-42 Army colonel who wants to teach in a public school , you ca n't do so without obtaining credits in education .
this means that if you 're a smart young college graduate or a bored lawyer or a retired-at-42 army colonel who wants to teach in a public school , you ca n't do so without [getting] credits in education .

Without revisiting the multiple e-mails and telephone calls that we had to exchange before finally obtaining a book , the experience left us more determined to shop with Amazon .
without revisiting the multiple e-mails and telephone calls that we had to exchange before finally [getting] a book , the experience left us more determined to shop with amazon .

Bush blasted Carter for not obtaining stronger guarantees on the security of Taiwan .
bush blasted carter for not [getting] stronger guarantees on the security of taiwan .

He travels around the city , obtaining information by flashing his medical license to waitresses and hotel clerks .
he travels around the city , [getting] information by flashing his medical license to waitresses and hotel clerks .

AIDS activists say the veep is doing the bidding of the pharmaceutical industry by preventing South Africans from obtaining cheap AIDS drugs .
aids activists say the veep is doing the bidding of the pharmaceutical industry by preventing south africans from [getting] cheap aids drugs .

The Clinton administration has proposed a regulatory fix that would limit the definition of what information researchers must make public , as well as the `` reasonable fees '' that federal agencies can charge for obtaining requested data .
the clinton administration has proposed a regulatory fix that would limit the definition of what information researchers must make public , as well as the `` reasonable fees '' that federal agencies can charge for [getting] requested data .

The main character , a philosophy professor , stumbles on what he believes to be a lost Bruegel painting and becomes obsessed with both obtaining it and determining whether it is genuine .
the main character , a philosophy professor , stumbles on what he believes to be a lost bruegel painting and becomes obsessed with both [getting] it and determining whether it is genuine .

Because obtaining a taxi medallion is next to impossible , and the price of the medallions has soared out of sight .
because [getting] a taxi medallion is next to impossible , and the price of the medallions has soared out of sight .

He won fame by obtaining photographs of the My Lai massacre , then caught the eye of Rolling Stone with his bold crime stories .
he won fame by [getting] photographs of the my lai massacre , then caught the eye of rolling stone with his bold crime stories .

In the course of obtaining their confession , however , Pakistani authorities allegedly starved this co-conspirator and threatened his pregnant wife .
in the course of [getting] their confession , however , pakistani authorities allegedly starved this co-conspirator and threatened his pregnant wife .

Despite this , `` Washington actually approved the first export of advanced nuclear reactor technology to China after obtaining assurances that Beijing would limit its arms exports to Teheran ( but not Islamabad ) , '' the newspaper said .
despite this , `` washington actually approved the first export of advanced nuclear reactor technology to china after [getting] assurances that beijing would limit its arms exports to teheran ( but not islamabad ) , '' the newspaper said .

I doubt there are any more questions you have yet to answer with regards to poets and poetry , you , or your poems , but for the sake of obtaining a reply from you , here 's a groupie 's question : What poem of yours has satisfied you the most ?
i doubt there are any more questions you have yet to answer with regards to poets and poetry , you , or your poems , but for the sake of [getting] a reply from you , here 's a groupie 's question : what poem of yours has satisfied you the most ?

The prosecution 's case relies on a 60 Minutes video that shows Kevorkian giving a lethal injection to a terminally ill man after obtaining the man 's consent .
the prosecution 's case relies on a 60 minutes video that shows kevorkian giving a lethal injection to a terminally ill man after [getting] the man 's consent .

The idea behind shops like these is to make obtaining the materials of sexual experimentation as ordinary as purchasing plumbing supplies or housewares .
the idea behind shops like these is to make [getting] the materials of sexual experimentation as ordinary as purchasing plumbing supplies or housewares .

U.S. immigration law permits spouses of American citizens to become American citizens with only a few exceptions , such as sham marriages undertaken for the purpose of obtaining citizenship .
u.s. immigration law permits spouses of american citizens to become american citizens with only a few exceptions , such as sham marriages undertaken for the purpose of [getting] citizenship .

Most laws make no exceptions for couples who are separated or in the process of obtaining a divorce .
most laws make no exceptions for couples who are separated or in the process of [getting] a divorce .

Actually , more than a year ago ( June 18 , 1996 ) the Wall Street Journal 's Michael Frisby wrote a long story on Peter Knight that disclosed Knight 's connection to Molten , Molten 's donations to the Democrats , and the company 's success in obtaining contracts from the Clinton administration .
actually , more than a year ago ( june 18 , 1996 ) the wall street journal 's michael frisby wrote a long story on peter knight that disclosed knight 's connection to molten , molten 's donations to the democrats , and the company 's success in [getting] contracts from the clinton administration .

The Los Angeles Times , in its front-page story on the decision , high up and succinctly describes the significance : moving Starr `` one step closer to obtaining testimony from perhaps the last impartial and credible witnesses in his investigation . ''
the los angeles times , in its front-page story on the decision , high up and succinctly describes the significance : moving starr `` one step closer to [getting] testimony from perhaps the last impartial and credible witnesses in his investigation . ''

The NYT says the health identifier code would enable doctors and hospitals to monitor patients ' health even if they switch insurance plans , would make obtaining old medical records much easier , and would streamline billing .
the nyt says the health identifier code would enable doctors and hospitals to monitor patients ' health even if they switch insurance plans , would make [getting] old medical records much easier , and would streamline billing .

In each of these the linguistic situation obtaining in Sydney was replicated .
in each of these the linguistic situation [getting] in sydney was replicated .

Plaid Cymru , Party of Wales , founded 1925 with the aim of obtaining dominion status for Wales ' ; P.B .
plaid cymru , party of wales , founded 1925 with the aim of [getting] dominion status for wales ' ; p.b .

A tresaurer will doubtless be interested to hear of a High-Flyer “ a stock of the future , ” even though he must beware of being misled by a racketter , involved in “ the possibility of obtaining money by means that are often illegal. ” He would be better off joining Dinner 's Club “ an association whose members have a certain economic solidarity . ”
a tresaurer will doubtless be interested to hear of a high-flyer “ a stock of the future , ” even though he must beware of being misled by a racketter , involved in “ the possibility of [getting] money by means that are often illegal. ” he would be better off joining dinner 's club “ an association whose members have a certain economic solidarity . ”

