Moreover , stated Day , `` He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' .
moreover , stated day , `` he always [leaves out/drops] facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis '' .

It omits , for example , practically the whole line of great nineteenth century English social critics , nearly all the great writers whose basic position is religious , and all those who are with more or less accuracy called Existentialists .
it [leaves out/drops] , for example , practically the whole line of great nineteenth century english social critics , nearly all the great writers whose basic position is religious , and all those who are with more or less accuracy called existentialists .

He enjoys telling tales against himself , but modestly omits to mention that he was British pole-vault champion for some time , and competed for Britain ( as did his wife Alix ) in the Tokyo Olympics .
he enjoys telling tales against himself , but modestly [leaves out/drops] to mention that he was british pole-vault champion for some time , and competed for britain ( as did his wife alix ) in the tokyo olympics .

Mr McRoberts omits to tell your readers the following interesting facts :
mr mcroberts [leaves out/drops] to tell your readers the following interesting facts :

But it is difficult to make anything of the sort of entry which assesses the rector at nil and omits the chaplain 's name , implying that he was not in his post .
but it is difficult to make anything of the sort of entry which assesses the rector at nil and [leaves out/drops] the chaplain 's name , implying that he was not in his post .

Certainly Luke , who is thought to be writing for Gentiles , omits the story , probably out of respect for his Gentile readers .
certainly luke , who is thought to be writing for gentiles , [leaves out/drops] the story , probably out of respect for his gentile readers .

Matthew follows Mark with regard to the timing but omits the reference to the festival of Unleavened Bread . )
matthew follows mark with regard to the timing but [leaves out/drops] the reference to the festival of unleavened bread . )

It has been held that if a solicitor preparing a will omits a provision the testator intended , it counts as a ‘ clerical error ’ , and that the will can therefore be rectified by the court under the Administration of Justice Act 1982 ( p 100 ) .
it has been held that if a solicitor preparing a will [leaves out/drops] a provision the testator intended , it counts as a ‘ clerical error ’ , and that the will can therefore be rectified by the court under the administration of justice act 1982 ( p 100 ) .

Indeed , in its Manifesto to Members , the Institute omits any mention of members ' interests .
indeed , in its manifesto to members , the institute [leaves out/drops] any mention of members ' interests .

Thus statements in the text material which attribute spatial differences to ‘ different kinds of people ’ , or government planning , or factors of location such as the availability and stability of a labour market , have arbitrarily stopped the causal chain at a point which omits social , economic and political considerations . To claim that explanation in geography can go no further is only to say that it is inadequate to its task , and ignores the fact that many geographers are going further :
thus statements in the text material which attribute spatial differences to ‘ different kinds of people ’ , or government planning , or factors of location such as the availability and stability of a labour market , have arbitrarily stopped the causal chain at a point which [leaves out/drops] social , economic and political considerations . to claim that explanation in geography can go no further is only to say that it is inadequate to its task , and ignores the fact that many geographers are going further :

This description of Heaven , London 's biggest gay disco , omits the sense of camaraderie ( and occasionally , solidarity ) that can exist in gay venues , yet it captures a state akin to that of Jameson 's second basic feature of modernism , which he terms ‘ schizophrenia ’ :
this description of heaven , london 's biggest gay disco , [leaves out/drops] the sense of camaraderie ( and occasionally , solidarity ) that can exist in gay venues , yet it captures a state akin to that of jameson 's second basic feature of modernism , which he terms ‘ schizophrenia ’ :

Findspots and masons ' marks confirm Pausanias 's division of the subjects between east and west , and his order ( except that by a slip he omits the dragging of Cerberus from Hades ) .
findspots and masons ' marks confirm pausanias 's division of the subjects between east and west , and his order ( except that by a slip he [leaves out/drops] the dragging of cerberus from hades ) .

Pausanias starts his account with the figure of Zeus , then speaks of others to left and right of him , but omits to say whether he means Zeus 's proper right and left or the spectator 's ; and there is no general agreement about the correct disposition of the figures .
pausanias starts his account with the figure of zeus , then speaks of others to left and right of him , but [leaves out/drops] to say whether he means zeus 's proper right and left or the spectator 's ; and there is no general agreement about the correct disposition of the figures .

Moreover he omits , virtually without mention , the extraordinary improvements made in English industrial life , and elsewhere , in the second half of the nineteenth century and which made many of these towns what they are today .
moreover he [leaves out/drops] , virtually without mention , the extraordinary improvements made in english industrial life , and elsewhere , in the second half of the nineteenth century and which made many of these towns what they are today .

‘ The constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in Acts of Parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of Parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , omits to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by Parliament constitutes a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .
‘ the constitutional function performed by courts of justice as interpreters of the written law laid down in acts of parliament is often described as ascertaining ‘ the intention of parliament ; ’ but what this metaphor , though convenient , [leaves out/drops] to take into account is that the court , when acting in its interpretative role , as well as when it is engaged in reviewing the legality of administrative action , is doing so as mediator between the state in the exercise of its legislative power and the private citizen for whom the law made by parliament constitutes a rule binding upon him and enforceable by the executive power of the state .

This can be the outcome of ( a ) a process which selects only those facts which prove a given case , and omits others — an intentional distortion of evidence ; or ( b ) an unwitting omission , a failure to carry out the exhaustive search for evidence which should characterise historical study .
this can be the outcome of ( a ) a process which selects only those facts which prove a given case , and [leaves out/drops] others — an intentional distortion of evidence ; or ( b ) an unwitting omission , a failure to carry out the exhaustive search for evidence which should characterise historical study .

( But since Plutarch is , in this section of the Life of Alcibiades , so heavily dependent on Thucydides , who omits that item , it may represent Plutarch 's own addition rather than an independent fifth-century source .
( but since plutarch is , in this section of the life of alcibiades , so heavily dependent on thucydides , who [leaves out/drops] that item , it may represent plutarch 's own addition rather than an independent fifth-century source .

In fact , even within these criteria , it has been argued that Adorno wrongly omits some forms of ‘ light ’ music ( Paddison 1982 ) .
in fact , even within these criteria , it has been argued that adorno wrongly [leaves out/drops] some forms of ‘ light ’ music ( paddison 1982 ) .

If a secured creditor omits to disclose his security in his proof of debt , he must surrender it for the general benefit of creditors unless the court relieves him on the ground that omission was inadvertent or the result of honest mistake ( r 6.116 ) .
if a secured creditor [leaves out/drops] to disclose his security in his proof of debt , he must surrender it for the general benefit of creditors unless the court relieves him on the ground that omission was inadvertent or the result of honest mistake ( r 6.116 ) .

He will end with a third in the final chord , even when he omits the fifth , and both he and Crecquillon anticipate Palestrina in the climactic use of great descending scales often in thirds , sixths , or tenths — as at the end of his ‘ Jerusalem surge ’ : or the end of Crecquillon 's ‘ Ingemuit Susanna ’ .
he will end with a third in the final chord , even when he [leaves out/drops] the fifth , and both he and crecquillon anticipate palestrina in the climactic use of great descending scales often in thirds , sixths , or tenths — as at the end of his ‘ jerusalem surge ’ : or the end of crecquillon 's ‘ ingemuit susanna ’ .

Even our analysis has had to distinguish between two forms of mass production , and the use of batch methods was applied to small and medium sized lots , which omits the possibility of large batches .
even our analysis has had to distinguish between two forms of mass production , and the use of batch methods was applied to small and medium sized lots , which [leaves out/drops] the possibility of large batches .

Shorter route omits Simon 's Seat , follows edge of Barden Fell down to road , then continues down to river .
shorter route [leaves out/drops] simon 's seat , follows edge of barden fell down to road , then continues down to river .

omits his signature .
[leaves out/drops] his signature .

’ The effect of this has been held to be that , even if the company omits to put them on the register they become members and holders of the number of shares stated .
’ the effect of this has been held to be that , even if the company [leaves out/drops] to put them on the register they become members and holders of the number of shares stated .

As regards contracts of employment , it is provided that he is to be liable on any contract of employment adopted by him but nothing he does or omits to do in the first 14 days of his appointment is to be taken as adoption of the contract .
as regards contracts of employment , it is provided that he is to be liable on any contract of employment adopted by him but nothing he does or [leaves out/drops] to do in the first 14 days of his appointment is to be taken as adoption of the contract .

To avoid a heavy multiload , the tape version omits these and only allows you to access the options screen once .
to avoid a heavy multiload , the tape version [leaves out/drops] these and only allows you to access the options screen once .

Disappointingly , the exhibition omits Rauschenberg 's portrait and still-life photography , which is richly illustrated in the catalogue .
disappointingly , the exhibition [leaves out/drops] rauschenberg 's portrait and still-life photography , which is richly illustrated in the catalogue .

Editor , — Mike Pringle and John Laverty 's editorial on counselling in general practice fails to distinguish between counselling skills and a counselling service , does not mention patient satisfaction , and omits any reference to the strategy discussed in The Health of the Nation .
editor , — mike pringle and john laverty 's editorial on counselling in general practice fails to distinguish between counselling skills and a counselling service , does not mention patient satisfaction , and [leaves out/drops] any reference to the strategy discussed in the health of the nation .

This highly simplistic view omits many other influences such as the stages in an interaction , familiarity and the individuals ' perceptions .
this highly simplistic view [leaves out/drops] many other influences such as the stages in an interaction , familiarity and the individuals ' perceptions .

In the short text the account of the Crucifixion and the meditator 's awareness of his own sin come to a climax in an outpouring of lyrical prose which has been printed as verse though it seems more effective if the surge of the rhymes and the alliterative cadences rise within the very structure of the prose like great waves to break in the bitter realisation that it is the meditator 's sin which both nails Christ to the cross and blocks the free expression of love in himself : All the internal rhyme , play on words ( ) and alliteration , which intensify the sense of the meditator 's awareness of both the creative power of God `` king of `` and the impotence of all his own functions , are lost in the long version which omits much of the intense self-disgust present in the short : The emphasis on Christ as the source of life and creativity is similarly highlighted in the short version in the skilful use made of rhyme , cadence and monosyllabic , strong-stressed ends of sentences to graphically convey the moment when he dies and the created cosmos fails : These effects are lost in the prosaic longer version : In both versions the meditator contemplates the appalling inversion of the created order with its lord suffering greater deprivation than the foxes and birds as he hangs `` in eyre `` ( 88. cf.101 ) with nowhere to lay his head — a reference to Matthew 8:20 traditionally used to emphasise the poverty of God embraced at the Incarnation .
in the short text the account of the crucifixion and the meditator 's awareness of his own sin come to a climax in an outpouring of lyrical prose which has been printed as verse though it seems more effective if the surge of the rhymes and the alliterative cadences rise within the very structure of the prose like great waves to break in the bitter realisation that it is the meditator 's sin which both nails christ to the cross and blocks the free expression of love in himself : all the internal rhyme , play on words ( ) and alliteration , which intensify the sense of the meditator 's awareness of both the creative power of god `` king of `` and the impotence of all his own functions , are lost in the long version which [leaves out/drops] much of the intense self-disgust present in the short : the emphasis on christ as the source of life and creativity is similarly highlighted in the short version in the skilful use made of rhyme , cadence and monosyllabic , strong-stressed ends of sentences to graphically convey the moment when he dies and the created cosmos fails : these effects are lost in the prosaic longer version : in both versions the meditator contemplates the appalling inversion of the created order with its lord suffering greater deprivation than the foxes and birds as he hangs `` in eyre `` ( 88. cf.101 ) with nowhere to lay his head — a reference to matthew 8:20 traditionally used to emphasise the poverty of god embraced at the incarnation .

Indeed the biographical section in Taskopruzade is verbally very close to Ibn Hajar 's account , although Taskopruzade adds some material , omits some very important details , and changes the order of the material in such a way as to render the account confusing on occasion .
indeed the biographical section in taskopruzade is verbally very close to ibn hajar 's account , although taskopruzade adds some material , [leaves out/drops] some very important details , and changes the order of the material in such a way as to render the account confusing on occasion .

In the ‘ Total Mentions ’ category , Oates records an ‘ incredible ’ 71 for Faber , but omits to note that the next three imprints ( Chatto , Cape , Hutchinson ) are all part of the general books division of Random House and achieved a combined total of 123 .
in the ‘ total mentions ’ category , oates records an ‘ incredible ’ 71 for faber , but [leaves out/drops] to note that the next three imprints ( chatto , cape , hutchinson ) are all part of the general books division of random house and achieved a combined total of 123 .

He omits a small detail in the form of the Government Whip .
he [leaves out/drops] a small detail in the form of the government whip .

The article betrays a great deal , not only in the way it constructs its narrative , but in what it omits and suppresses .
the article betrays a great deal , not only in the way it constructs its narrative , but in what it [leaves out/drops] and suppresses .

Qaddafi 's account omits all mention of authority , just as Zuwaya do ; and neither emphasizes the role of women .
qaddafi 's account [leaves out/drops] all mention of authority , just as zuwaya do ; and neither emphasizes the role of women .

Your article omits a further important strand to the debate over the past 15 years as to the optimal level of borrowing for firms .
your article [leaves out/drops] a further important strand to the debate over the past 15 years as to the optimal level of borrowing for firms .

First , it omits the first two years of the Thatcher government 's record , when output fell 3.5 per cent .
first , it [leaves out/drops] the first two years of the thatcher government 's record , when output fell 3.5 per cent .

Stephen Scobie , in emphasising the motif of sainthood in Leonard 's writing , completely omits reference to this key Jewish emphasis , which would have prevented him from some of his more questionable comments , such as the reference to them as ‘ social outcasts ’ .
stephen scobie , in emphasising the motif of sainthood in leonard 's writing , completely [leaves out/drops] reference to this key jewish emphasis , which would have prevented him from some of his more questionable comments , such as the reference to them as ‘ social outcasts ’ .

Eliot in rereading Frazer omits to apply his own frequently used ‘ difference between an interpretation and a fact ’ ; his blindness to the Frazerian interpretation which equates savage fact with folly comes about surely because Eliot himself sees the two as one .
eliot in rereading frazer [leaves out/drops] to apply his own frequently used ‘ difference between an interpretation and a fact ’ ; his blindness to the frazerian interpretation which equates savage fact with folly comes about surely because eliot himself sees the two as one .

This brief résumé of methods of allocation omits an important area which is rarely controlled through financial allocation , yet which certainly needs to be subjected to some form of central control .
this brief résumé of methods of allocation [leaves out/drops] an important area which is rarely controlled through financial allocation , yet which certainly needs to be subjected to some form of central control .

They are frequently written in a way that omits insulin when the blood glucose is within the normal range , and they usually fail to take account of the insulin resistance induced by increased ketone body production .
they are frequently written in a way that [leaves out/drops] insulin when the blood glucose is within the normal range , and they usually fail to take account of the insulin resistance induced by increased ketone body production .

The same interlocutor omits to mention semantic , inventive , aesthetic and especially a measure of subjective information , which can not be equated with Claud Shannon 's binary units .
the same interlocutor [leaves out/drops] to mention semantic , inventive , aesthetic and especially a measure of subjective information , which can not be equated with claud shannon 's binary units .

The published report reveals that the ‘ vehicular fraction ’ of lead was 24 per cent . But it omits a crucial sentence that appeared in the scientists draft report which read : ‘ These figures appear to be minimum values because a ) the decrease in the isotopic ratio in blood probably had not reached equilibrium in 1979 and b ) they reflect solely the contribution of the petrols affected by the lead isotopic ratio change , ’
the published report reveals that the ‘ vehicular fraction ’ of lead was 24 per cent . but it [leaves out/drops] a crucial sentence that appeared in the scientists draft report which read : ‘ these figures appear to be minimum values because a ) the decrease in the isotopic ratio in blood probably had not reached equilibrium in 1979 and b ) they reflect solely the contribution of the petrols affected by the lead isotopic ratio change , ’

So much American work in the history ( and philosophy ) of science is a very scholarly playing-about with ideas , but omits what those ideas are actually based on .
so much american work in the history ( and philosophy ) of science is a very scholarly playing-about with ideas , but [leaves out/drops] what those ideas are actually based on .

In his article , Mr. Cleaver omits any mention of successive attacks by Arab armies on Israel since in 1948 .
in his article , mr. cleaver [leaves out/drops] any mention of successive attacks by arab armies on israel since in 1948 .

Mr. Cleaver also omits to mention any of the many infiltrations , bombardments and acts of terror towards a country which has not known a single day of peace in 44 years .
mr. cleaver also [leaves out/drops] to mention any of the many infiltrations , bombardments and acts of terror towards a country which has not known a single day of peace in 44 years .

This scenario is purely chemical and omits any material engineering , as well as functional aspects such as enzyme layer permeability which affects the eventual rate of analyte conversion .
this scenario is purely chemical and [leaves out/drops] any material engineering , as well as functional aspects such as enzyme layer permeability which affects the eventual rate of analyte conversion .

The usual commentary on the amendment stresses simply that it omits the requirement of action by state officials that we find in the Bill of Rights and in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments .
the usual commentary on the amendment stresses simply that it [leaves out/drops] the requirement of action by state officials that we find in the bill of rights and in the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments .

This comparison omits the enormous evolutionary importance of individual variability within species .
this comparison [leaves out/drops] the enormous evolutionary importance of individual variability within species .

In `` The Luck of the Irish , '' James Surowiecki makes statements that are flat-out false , and omits many issues that are at the real root of the problems .
in `` the luck of the irish , '' james surowiecki makes statements that are flat-out false , and [leaves out/drops] many issues that are at the real root of the problems .

Shuman 's breezy article largely omits the implications of the reliability , flexibility , and security provided by Java in order to emphasize the cost of these benefits in execution speed .
shuman 's breezy article largely [leaves out/drops] the implications of the reliability , flexibility , and security provided by java in order to emphasize the cost of these benefits in execution speed .

Steven E. Landsburg 's otherwise excellent analysis in `` The Marriage Contract '' omits the case where there is a third party involved , i.e. , the kids .
steven e. landsburg 's otherwise excellent analysis in `` the marriage contract '' [leaves out/drops] the case where there is a third party involved , i.e. , the kids .

The current lawsuit would have Microsoft ignore the most important recent development in computing -- the Internet -- by shipping a version of Windows that omits the critical Internet capabilities .
the current lawsuit would have microsoft ignore the most important recent development in computing -- the internet -- by shipping a version of windows that [leaves out/drops] the critical internet capabilities .

It is worth bearing in mind that Frazier was , until recently , a professor of English , although the jacket copy omits this fact , preferring us to believe that he and his family merely `` raise horses '' in Raleigh , N.C .
it is worth bearing in mind that frazier was , until recently , a professor of english , although the jacket copy [leaves out/drops] this fact , preferring us to believe that he and his family merely `` raise horses '' in raleigh , n.c .

Not only do the poems look better in the Collected Poems ( which , to be sure , omits great ones early and late ) ; they are also unencumbered by comparison with the `` uncollected poems , '' which include a lot of mystifying mediocrity .
not only do the poems look better in the collected poems ( which , to be sure , [leaves out/drops] great ones early and late ) ; they are also unencumbered by comparison with the `` uncollected poems , '' which include a lot of mystifying mediocrity .

He omits altogether the story of Chambers ' friendship with Hiss , though he never doubts its authenticity .
he [leaves out/drops] altogether the story of chambers ' friendship with hiss , though he never doubts its authenticity .

Does it matter that Banks omits them from his story ?
does it matter that banks [leaves out/drops] them from his story ?

He omits , however , certain successful -- and un-military -- protests in those years against Hitler 's policies .
he [leaves out/drops] , however , certain successful -- and un-military -- protests in those years against hitler 's policies .

Building the Bridge , a collection put out earlier this year by the DLC-affiliated Progressive Policy Institute , omits the usual DLC tirades against the paleolibs .
building the bridge , a collection put out earlier this year by the dlc-affiliated progressive policy institute , [leaves out/drops] the usual dlc tirades against the paleolibs .

The WP 's `` The Reliable Source '' says that Washington , D.C. 's representative in the upcoming Miss America contest was a White House intern -- a fact she now omits from her contest resume .
the wp 's `` the reliable source '' says that washington , d.c. 's representative in the upcoming miss america contest was a white house intern -- a fact she now [leaves out/drops] from her contest resume .

The Los Angeles Times headline omits that detail in favor of mentioning that high-tech stocks got hit hard .
the los angeles times headline [leaves out/drops] that detail in favor of mentioning that high-tech stocks got hit hard .

McCarthy , who seems to be contemptuous of punctuation in any language , rarely writes accents where they are not needed but often omits them where they are , e.g. , mia [ pp .
mccarthy , who seems to be contemptuous of punctuation in any language , rarely writes accents where they are not needed but often [leaves out/drops] them where they are , e.g. , mia [ pp .

At the entry for bi - , the definition of bicentennial as ` every two hundred years ' omits mention of its more commonly encountered use as a noun ( along with bi-centenary ) meaning ` two-hundredth anniversary . ”
at the entry for bi - , the definition of bicentennial as ` every two hundred years ' [leaves out/drops] mention of its more commonly encountered use as a noun ( along with bi-centenary ) meaning ` two-hundredth anniversary . ”

The table of contents on the sleeve omits the Dublin segment , even though the speaker is very much there , in his recollections of the 1916 uprising , Lloyd George , the Black and Tan , as well as bits and pieces of his own life 's history .
the table of contents on the sleeve [leaves out/drops] the dublin segment , even though the speaker is very much there , in his recollections of the 1916 uprising , lloyd george , the black and tan , as well as bits and pieces of his own life 's history .

There is , for example , a piece on spoofs in which Rose cites several that are well known , omits others ( like Poe 's The Great Balloon Hoax ) , and includes at least one that is a satire , which is a different sort of animal : Gulliver 's Travels is not , to my mind , a spoof .
there is , for example , a piece on spoofs in which rose cites several that are well known , [leaves out/drops] others ( like poe 's the great balloon hoax ) , and includes at least one that is a satire , which is a different sort of animal : gulliver 's travels is not , to my mind , a spoof .

The Hungarian alphabet , even though it omits the letters q , w , x , and y , still boasts a whopping thirty-seven members : A , A , B , C , CS , D , E , É , F , G , GY , H , I , J , K , L , LY , M , N , NY , O , Ó , Ö , \ ? \ , P , R , S , SZ , T , TY , U , Ú , Ü , \ ? \ , V , Z , ZS .
the hungarian alphabet , even though it [leaves out/drops] the letters q , w , x , and y , still boasts a whopping thirty-seven members : a , a , b , c , cs , d , e , é , f , g , gy , h , i , j , k , l , ly , m , n , ny , o , ó , ö , \ ? \ , p , r , s , sz , t , ty , u , ú , ü , \ ? \ , v , z , zs .

One can not have everything , and , as I sometimes maintain but rarely believe , a book should be reviewed for what it contains and not condemned for what it omits .
one can not have everything , and , as i sometimes maintain but rarely believe , a book should be reviewed for what it contains and not condemned for what it [leaves out/drops] .

Moreover , “ it contains only terms known to have arisen in the Twentieth Century , ” according to the Preface , but omits the military slang of the earlier 20th century .
moreover , “ it contains only terms known to have arisen in the twentieth century , ” according to the preface , but [leaves out/drops] the military slang of the earlier 20th century .

Stedman 's Medical Dictionary , 26th edition ( 1995 ) , argues that Graves ' is correct , while the Churchill lexicon ( 1989 ) omits both apostrophe and s with Graves but keeps both with Parry 's disease , another eponym for hyperthyroidism .
stedman 's medical dictionary , 26th edition ( 1995 ) , argues that graves ' is correct , while the churchill lexicon ( 1989 ) [leaves out/drops] both apostrophe and s with graves but keeps both with parry 's disease , another eponym for hyperthyroidism .

