Swadesh , and therefore Hoijer , felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( ox , vulture , salmon , yellow pine , manzanita ) ; ;
swadesh , and therefore hoijer , felt compelled to [leave out/drop] all terms denoting species or even genera ( ox , vulture , salmon , yellow pine , manzanita ) ; ;

The only good news in the act for those who sell houses is that it is not a criminal offence to omit information unless an omission results in a statement being misleading .
the only good news in the act for those who sell houses is that it is not a criminal offence to [leave out/drop] information unless an omission results in a statement being misleading .

If so omit stages 2 and 3 , except for adding a similar amount of gravel to get the sloping effect .
if so [leave out/drop] stages 2 and 3 , except for adding a similar amount of gravel to get the sloping effect .

But even these comparisons understate the excessive amount of corporate-induced death and suffering because they omit any reference to consumers physically harmed by the sale of improperly researched substances , dangerous or poisonous products , and so on , or citizens physically harmed through industrial air pollution .
but even these comparisons understate the excessive amount of corporate-induced death and suffering because they [leave out/drop] any reference to consumers physically harmed by the sale of improperly researched substances , dangerous or poisonous products , and so on , or citizens physically harmed through industrial air pollution .

To confuse the order of these levels or to omit one or more of them is dangerous — not because our faith is then invalid but because it does not rest on the strongest available foundations .
to confuse the order of these levels or to [leave out/drop] one or more of them is dangerous — not because our faith is then invalid but because it does not rest on the strongest available foundations .

Crab , Omit prawns and add 100g ( 4 oz ) canned or defrosted crabmeat .
crab , [leave out/drop] prawns and add 100g ( 4 oz ) canned or defrosted crabmeat .

Omit prawns and add 100g ( 8oz ) smoked ham , sliced and chopped .
[leave out/drop] prawns and add 100g ( 8oz ) smoked ham , sliced and chopped .

Variations : omit brandy and use your choice of liqueur .
variations : [leave out/drop] brandy and use your choice of liqueur .

It is both wasteful and irresponsible to set experiments in motion and omit to record and analyse what happens .
it is both wasteful and irresponsible to set experiments in motion and [leave out/drop] to record and analyse what happens .

He exhorted his readers never to omit the prayers for the Sovereign in the Communion Service , because ‘ the county in which they lived was the seat of the late rebellion ’ and ‘ the tares of sedition have been industriously sown among you and you have the greater reason to pray that you may be firm in your allegiance .
he exhorted his readers never to [leave out/drop] the prayers for the sovereign in the communion service , because ‘ the county in which they lived was the seat of the late rebellion ’ and ‘ the tares of sedition have been industriously sown among you and you have the greater reason to pray that you may be firm in your allegiance .

Secondly , inform him there is 23.8 cu. feet of luggage space in the boot , but omit there 's 195 b.h.p. 16-valves , and an all new turbo-charged power unit under the bonnet .
secondly , inform him there is 23.8 cu. feet of luggage space in the boot , but [leave out/drop] there 's 195 b.h.p. 16-valves , and an all new turbo-charged power unit under the bonnet .

The trouble with the ‘ functional ’ approach , however , is that it carries with it the risk that you will omit general considerations such as overall objectives and strategy .
the trouble with the ‘ functional ’ approach , however , is that it carries with it the risk that you will [leave out/drop] general considerations such as overall objectives and strategy .

Coffield , Borrill , and Marshall ( 1986 ) , though giving all the young people in their study pseudonyms of their own choosing , nevertheless ‘ decided to omit a large amount of the richest ( traceable ) data , on the principle that those who are researched own the facts of their own lives and have the right to decide what should and should not be published .
coffield , borrill , and marshall ( 1986 ) , though giving all the young people in their study pseudonyms of their own choosing , nevertheless ‘ decided to [leave out/drop] a large amount of the richest ( traceable ) data , on the principle that those who are researched own the facts of their own lives and have the right to decide what should and should not be published .

The individual reader should , however , omit the instructor boxes since these may introduce confusion and possible solutions to problems before they occur in the text .
the individual reader should , however , [leave out/drop] the instructor boxes since these may introduce confusion and possible solutions to problems before they occur in the text .

While you are allowing extra stitches for the cables in the tension , do not omit to allow stitches for seams when you are working out these unusual pattern shapes .
while you are allowing extra stitches for the cables in the tension , do not [leave out/drop] to allow stitches for seams when you are working out these unusual pattern shapes .

In the search for approval , praise is everything , and when others omit to praise us we interpret this as rejection .
in the search for approval , praise is everything , and when others [leave out/drop] to praise us we interpret this as rejection .

Weak and feeble though he was , he did n't omit a lucid description of the view from the window of the ward .
weak and feeble though he was , he did n't [leave out/drop] a lucid description of the view from the window of the ward .

Unfortunately , many publications omit reference to this , so it is no wonder social workers and their managers have a limited view of their duties , as well as those of local authorities .
unfortunately , many publications [leave out/drop] reference to this , so it is no wonder social workers and their managers have a limited view of their duties , as well as those of local authorities .

’ Omit the pallor , which is an odd and perhaps over-modest intrusion into the account , and that sounds like Defoe or Dickens or Proust — or Murdoch : its converse , the crystalline novel , being ‘ a small quasi-allegorical object portraying the human condition , ’ which sounds like Rasselas , Waugh 's Decline and Fall or Orwell 's Animal Farm — not to mention the fiction of Muriel Spark , which can be artfully , even heartlessly , diagrammatic .
’ [leave out/drop] the pallor , which is an odd and perhaps over-modest intrusion into the account , and that sounds like defoe or dickens or proust — or murdoch : its converse , the crystalline novel , being ‘ a small quasi-allegorical object portraying the human condition , ’ which sounds like rasselas , waugh 's decline and fall or orwell 's animal farm — not to mention the fiction of muriel spark , which can be artfully , even heartlessly , diagrammatic .

It would be wrong to omit the Lincoln from our Year of the Lancaster .
it would be wrong to [leave out/drop] the lincoln from our year of the lancaster .

Consequently , a comparative study of the settlement of labour disputes through statutory binding decisions would have to omit the Irish Labour Court ( despite its name ) , but include other bodies such as Industrial Tribunals in Britain , Conciliation and Arbitration Boards in Mexico and Labour Tribunals in India .
consequently , a comparative study of the settlement of labour disputes through statutory binding decisions would have to [leave out/drop] the irish labour court ( despite its name ) , but include other bodies such as industrial tribunals in britain , conciliation and arbitration boards in mexico and labour tribunals in india .

What White and Bernard also omit to make clear is that , while the great majority of the ordinary members of the church may well have been largely indifferent to theological issues , many of them were at the same time both outraged and alarmed by a number of alien liturgical practices , which were a unique and highly visible feature of English Arminianism .
what white and bernard also [leave out/drop] to make clear is that , while the great majority of the ordinary members of the church may well have been largely indifferent to theological issues , many of them were at the same time both outraged and alarmed by a number of alien liturgical practices , which were a unique and highly visible feature of english arminianism .

First it enables us to omit the word ( or phrase ) that is the subject in the active sentence .
first it enables us to [leave out/drop] the word ( or phrase ) that is the subject in the active sentence .

This is important because — apart from commands and elliptical colloquial exchanges — it is not possible to omit the subject in English , even when the meaning is completely obvious ; for example , we have to say , It is raining , not Is raining .
this is important because — apart from commands and elliptical colloquial exchanges — it is not possible to [leave out/drop] the subject in english , even when the meaning is completely obvious ; for example , we have to say , it is raining , not is raining .

By turning an active sentence into the passive we get a new subject and are able to omit the old one , e.g .
by turning an active sentence into the passive we get a new subject and are able to [leave out/drop] the old one , e.g .

There are a number of reasons why we might want to omit the subject . It may be uninteresting , or even unknown , e.g. :
there are a number of reasons why we might want to [leave out/drop] the subject . it may be uninteresting , or even unknown , e.g. :

You can omit the mortar form some of the joints in a brick or concrete block wall , but the effect is never as natural-looking as plants growing in stone .
you can [leave out/drop] the mortar form some of the joints in a brick or concrete block wall , but the effect is never as natural-looking as plants growing in stone .

Not only did they omit to date their editions , but they had almost identical books in the 7/6d [ 37½p ] and 3/6d [ 17½p ] category in cloth covers of a great variety of colours .
not only did they [leave out/drop] to date their editions , but they had almost identical books in the 7/6d [ 37½p ] and 3/6d [ 17½p ] category in cloth covers of a great variety of colours .

All told that is some 69,370,000 square miles ( and 173,700,000 cubic miles ) of sea ( though the Scottish mapmakers Bartholomew omit all the waters south of Australia , as well as the Timor and the Savu Seas , and come up with a total of 67 million square miles ) .
all told that is some 69,370,000 square miles ( and 173,700,000 cubic miles ) of sea ( though the scottish mapmakers bartholomew [leave out/drop] all the waters south of australia , as well as the timor and the savu seas , and come up with a total of 67 million square miles ) .

In order to test the candidate 's perspicacity a problem may deliberately omit something that is important .
in order to test the candidate 's perspicacity a problem may deliberately [leave out/drop] something that is important .

This conservatism , however , often leads to conscious revolt , by artists with different purposes , who then either confuse or even omit the known signals .
this conservatism , however , often leads to conscious revolt , by artists with different purposes , who then either confuse or even [leave out/drop] the known signals .

The letter was , however , present in the orthographic tradition ( regardless of the mixed origins of the tradition in Old English , Anglo-Norman and Latin orthography ) : thus , in the absence of strong orthographic standardization , the scribes would omit it on some occasions and insert it ‘ hypercorrectly ’ on others .
the letter was , however , present in the orthographic tradition ( regardless of the mixed origins of the tradition in old english , anglo-norman and latin orthography ) : thus , in the absence of strong orthographic standardization , the scribes would [leave out/drop] it on some occasions and insert it ‘ hypercorrectly ’ on others .

Through a one-sided emphasis upon the processes of categorization , cognitivists omit the importance of argumentation .
through a one-sided emphasis upon the processes of categorization , cognitivists [leave out/drop] the importance of argumentation .

There is a danger that this picture will omit the role of argumentation and the clash between justification and criticism in the maintenance of social knowledge .
there is a danger that this picture will [leave out/drop] the role of argumentation and the clash between justification and criticism in the maintenance of social knowledge .

Jane Austen is less descriptive than either the Gothic novelists or Scott , for although her letters are full of domestic detail and she enjoins her sister , Cassandra , to omit nothing in her account of a house — ‘ For one 's own dear self , one ascertains & remembers everything ’ — novels are not written for ‘ one 's own dear self ’ , and she was not one to inflict what she did not enjoy — ‘ your descriptions are often more minute than will be liked ’ , she warns her niece , Anna Austen , an aspiring writer .
jane austen is less descriptive than either the gothic novelists or scott , for although her letters are full of domestic detail and she enjoins her sister , cassandra , to [leave out/drop] nothing in her account of a house — ‘ for one 's own dear self , one ascertains & remembers everything ’ — novels are not written for ‘ one 's own dear self ’ , and she was not one to inflict what she did not enjoy — ‘ your descriptions are often more minute than will be liked ’ , she warns her niece , anna austen , an aspiring writer .

Neither should you omit something because it is so familiar to you that is seems silly to write it down .
neither should you [leave out/drop] something because it is so familiar to you that is seems silly to write it down .

You may omit from this count words that begin with a capital letter , words that are long because they are hyphenated and verbs whose third syllable is `` -ed `` or `` -es . ``
you may [leave out/drop] from this count words that begin with a capital letter , words that are long because they are hyphenated and verbs whose third syllable is `` -ed `` or `` -es . ``

If you omit to declare the steps and have the wrong answer , he can only give you a zero mark .
if you [leave out/drop] to declare the steps and have the wrong answer , he can only give you a zero mark .

He therefore must omit information .
he therefore must [leave out/drop] information .

Sometimes the historian will make statements , but legitimately through lack of space of relevance may omit details of evidence and his reasoning .
sometimes the historian will make statements , but legitimately through lack of space of relevance may [leave out/drop] details of evidence and his reasoning .

Held , dismissing the appeal , it was a serious defect in the summing-up to omit a direction on the burden of proof : but the omission was not necessarily fatal to the conviction and the court could properly consider whether to apply the proviso to section 2 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 : Donoghue ( 1988 ) 86 Cr.App.R .
held , dismissing the appeal , it was a serious defect in the summing-up to [leave out/drop] a direction on the burden of proof : but the omission was not necessarily fatal to the conviction and the court could properly consider whether to apply the proviso to section 2 of the criminal appeal act 1968 : donoghue ( 1988 ) 86 cr.app.r .

What they omit to mention is that substantial progress is now being made in doing exactly this , the production of master inventories for selected groups .
what they [leave out/drop] to mention is that substantial progress is now being made in doing exactly this , the production of master inventories for selected groups .

So , whether your novel is set in the most distant parts of the world or in dear old Cornwall , be careful to omit the dull details of everyday living .
so , whether your novel is set in the most distant parts of the world or in dear old cornwall , be careful to [leave out/drop] the dull details of everyday living .

Or you hit on what seems a marvellously telling simile and can not bear to omit it .
or you hit on what seems a marvellously telling simile and can not bear to [leave out/drop] it .

For papers with seven potential authors the principal investigator may decide to omit one author and instead acknowledge his or her help at the end of the article .
for papers with seven potential authors the principal investigator may decide to [leave out/drop] one author and instead acknowledge his or her help at the end of the article .

We can simply omit it , and know that the missing part can be reconstructed quite successfully .
we can simply [leave out/drop] it , and know that the missing part can be reconstructed quite successfully .

In this , they have important strengths , and they can teach students skills which courses concentrating on formal features of language often omit : how to greet people , or how to maintain polite contact while listening on the telephone .
in this , they have important strengths , and they can teach students skills which courses concentrating on formal features of language often [leave out/drop] : how to greet people , or how to maintain polite contact while listening on the telephone .

Dahl ( 1976 : 46 ) formulates a principle for speakers : ‘ Indicate only things which have changed and omit those which are as they were before .
dahl ( 1976 : 46 ) formulates a principle for speakers : ‘ indicate only things which have changed and [leave out/drop] those which are as they were before .

An even quicker alternative is to omit the tinned fruit and use two commercially prepared gooseberry fools mixed with chopped fresh orange segments .
an even quicker alternative is to [leave out/drop] the tinned fruit and use two commercially prepared gooseberry fools mixed with chopped fresh orange segments .

The Community Charges Registration Officer has discretion therefore to omit names from the public extract if the individuals concerned could be in danger of physical violence .
the community charges registration officer has discretion therefore to [leave out/drop] names from the public extract if the individuals concerned could be in danger of physical violence .

It denotes the encouragement of an individual to do or to omit to do an act .
it denotes the encouragement of an individual to do or to [leave out/drop] to do an act .

Others omit the relative minor zone , moving first towards sharper keys , then towards the subdominant .
others [leave out/drop] the relative minor zone , moving first towards sharper keys , then towards the subdominant .

What happened next … Perhaps he should omit the details .
what happened next … perhaps he should [leave out/drop] the details .

7.7.2 not to do or omit anything that could cause any policy of insurance on or in relation to the Premises to become void or voidable wholly or in part nor ( unless the Tenant shall have previously notified the Landlord and have agreed to pay the increased premium ) anything by which additional insurance premiums may become payable This does not seem unreasonable .
7.7.2 not to do or [leave out/drop] anything that could cause any policy of insurance on or in relation to the premises to become void or voidable wholly or in part nor ( unless the tenant shall have previously notified the landlord and have agreed to pay the increased premium ) anything by which additional insurance premiums may become payable this does not seem unreasonable .

The property may not be very precisely described , or the description of the property may omit to refer to necessary rights of way and easements for the enjoyment of services .
the property may not be very precisely described , or the description of the property may [leave out/drop] to refer to necessary rights of way and easements for the enjoyment of services .

When writing to a building society , never omit the mortgage reference number , or there may be some delay in receiving a reply , and if you act for your client 's bank , building society , etc , you will of course normally ask them to send the deeds direct to you ; in such a case include in your letter , if there is an existing mortgage to be discharged on completion ( as there will be in the case of a building society and may be in the case of a bank ) , an undertaking to hold the deeds on behalf of the bank or society , to return them on demand , not to part with the same except on completion of the sale , and to discharge the society 's mortgage .
when writing to a building society , never [leave out/drop] the mortgage reference number , or there may be some delay in receiving a reply , and if you act for your client 's bank , building society , etc , you will of course normally ask them to send the deeds direct to you ; in such a case include in your letter , if there is an existing mortgage to be discharged on completion ( as there will be in the case of a building society and may be in the case of a bank ) , an undertaking to hold the deeds on behalf of the bank or society , to return them on demand , not to part with the same except on completion of the sale , and to discharge the society 's mortgage .

However , the broad features of the transition process are always much the same , and , if we omit quantitative detail , can be described without reference to any particular jet .
however , the broad features of the transition process are always much the same , and , if we [leave out/drop] quantitative detail , can be described without reference to any particular jet .

An important equation in the theory of homogeneous isotropic turbulence is obtained by considering the Fourier transform of the double velocity correlation . We omit the derivation and quote the result :
an important equation in the theory of homogeneous isotropic turbulence is obtained by considering the fourier transform of the double velocity correlation . we [leave out/drop] the derivation and quote the result :

The ballerina here is cleverly perched on a matchbox so that she looks as if she is standing up , but you might find it easier to omit her feet and just stand her flat on the cake board .
the ballerina here is cleverly perched on a matchbox so that she looks as if she is standing up , but you might find it easier to [leave out/drop] her feet and just stand her flat on the cake board .

One element of can be arbitrarily assigned : here we assign the value 1 to the third element and solve which , if we omit one column ( e.g .
one element of can be arbitrarily assigned : here we assign the value 1 to the third element and solve which , if we [leave out/drop] one column ( e.g .

Good reading notes taken by a good student will approximate to the structure of the author 's chapter , book or article — they will include all key points but will omit the more detailed points .
good reading notes taken by a good student will approximate to the structure of the author 's chapter , book or article — they will include all key points but will [leave out/drop] the more detailed points .

Wide as this range of activities would seem to be , the registers omit one vital aspect of the Council 's work .
wide as this range of activities would seem to be , the registers [leave out/drop] one vital aspect of the council 's work .

Studies which show apparent equality in decision-making between husbands and wives often omit or do not give due weight to many of the more important decisions such as where to live , when to move or when to buy a new car ( Gillespie , 1972 ) .
studies which show apparent equality in decision-making between husbands and wives often [leave out/drop] or do not give due weight to many of the more important decisions such as where to live , when to move or when to buy a new car ( gillespie , 1972 ) .

General economic arguments , however , omit the spin-off benefits from the inventiveness of financial operators in search of bargains and easy profits .
general economic arguments , however , [leave out/drop] the spin-off benefits from the inventiveness of financial operators in search of bargains and easy profits .

We omit discussion in this section of the subdivision of a word into the smaller units of those other dominant data-types , the character and the decimal digit .
we [leave out/drop] discussion in this section of the subdivision of a word into the smaller units of those other dominant data-types , the character and the decimal digit .

Sally Alexander and Eleanor Gordon have both pointed out that this is one area where the census figures are particularly unreliable , since they inevitably omit or underrepresent casual , seasonal , irregular or part-time work , which was the only kind many older married women could manage .
sally alexander and eleanor gordon have both pointed out that this is one area where the census figures are particularly unreliable , since they inevitably [leave out/drop] or underrepresent casual , seasonal , irregular or part-time work , which was the only kind many older married women could manage .

While happy enough to accept the Czechs ' omission of repeats in these earlier works , surely they were unwise to omit that of the exceptionally concise and concentrated exposition of the first movement of the Ghost , Op .
while happy enough to accept the czechs ' omission of repeats in these earlier works , surely they were unwise to [leave out/drop] that of the exceptionally concise and concentrated exposition of the first movement of the ghost , op .

Obsessional neurosis is shown in the patient 's being occupied with thoughts in which he is in fact not interested , in his being aware of impulses which appear very strange to him and his being led to actions the performance of which give him no enjoyment but which it is quite impossible for him to omit .
obsessional neurosis is shown in the patient 's being occupied with thoughts in which he is in fact not interested , in his being aware of impulses which appear very strange to him and his being led to actions the performance of which give him no enjoyment but which it is quite impossible for him to [leave out/drop] .

An option is provided to allow the user to omit DCs in state 8 from the Listing .
an option is provided to allow the user to [leave out/drop] dcs in state 8 from the listing .

This list has been prepared without a buying or selling perspective and , hence , for practical reasons it might be decided to omit certain terms when acting for either party .
this list has been prepared without a buying or selling perspective and , hence , for practical reasons it might be decided to [leave out/drop] certain terms when acting for either party .

The desirability of ‘ tying up ’ a settlement in one parcel sometimes give rise to a problem for the parliamentary agent in drafting the legislation , the question being whether to put in a protective clause at the outset , or to omit it and negotiate a settlement of such a clause for insertion at a later stage .
the desirability of ‘ tying up ’ a settlement in one parcel sometimes give rise to a problem for the parliamentary agent in drafting the legislation , the question being whether to put in a protective clause at the outset , or to [leave out/drop] it and negotiate a settlement of such a clause for insertion at a later stage .

They omit vital information : younger or older sister ?
they [leave out/drop] vital information : younger or older sister ?

The proposals are significant not for what they do but for what they omit . If the purpose of the statement is , as the Secretary of State says , to protect individuals against the abuse of industrial power , why does it contain scores of rights exercisable against trade unions , but not a single right to a British employee , male or female , exercisable for fair treatment by the employer at the workplace ?
the proposals are significant not for what they do but for what they [leave out/drop] . if the purpose of the statement is , as the secretary of state says , to protect individuals against the abuse of industrial power , why does it contain scores of rights exercisable against trade unions , but not a single right to a british employee , male or female , exercisable for fair treatment by the employer at the workplace ?

Why then omit to mention Walter ?
why then [leave out/drop] to mention walter ?

He would leave well alone and omit the part about Miss Havisham .
he would leave well alone and [leave out/drop] the part about miss havisham .

This below-par performance was partly reflected in our share price , which fell sharply in the summer , [ though in line with the market it had recovered some ground by the year-end ] If , by Feb 11 , the price is on the way down , omit words in [ ]
this below-par performance was partly reflected in our share price , which fell sharply in the summer , [ though in line with the market it had recovered some ground by the year-end ] if , by feb 11 , the price is on the way down , [leave out/drop] words in [ ]

If you omit words from a quotation , indicate the omission by the use of three points ( … ) , allowing a blank space on either side .
if you [leave out/drop] words from a quotation , indicate the omission by the use of three points ( … ) , allowing a blank space on either side .

What is evident , apart from the fact that Swegen on any reckoning spent much time in England between c.990 and his death in 1014 , is that our knowledge of his activities is patchy , and that English sources may omit important matters .
what is evident , apart from the fact that swegen on any reckoning spent much time in england between c.990 and his death in 1014 , is that our knowledge of his activities is patchy , and that english sources may [leave out/drop] important matters .

This explains why it is strictly impossible to omit to in : ( 35 ) He needs to do more exercise .
this explains why it is strictly impossible to [leave out/drop] to in : ( 35 ) he needs to do more exercise .

Before planning the course , look ahead to the text of the coursebook to see if you want to change or omit any material .
before planning the course , look ahead to the text of the coursebook to see if you want to change or [leave out/drop] any material .

To omit a vowel or syllable .
to [leave out/drop] a vowel or syllable .

The balance-of-payments deficit is not as bad as it looks , partly because it stems from private sector choices rather than public sector profligacy , and is thus inherently less inflationary as individuals can not resort to the printing press to ease the burden of their debt ; and partly because much of it may be imaginary , since the figures omit the ‘ balancing item ’ of unrecorded net receipts from overseas assets .
the balance-of-payments deficit is not as bad as it looks , partly because it stems from private sector choices rather than public sector profligacy , and is thus inherently less inflationary as individuals can not resort to the printing press to ease the burden of their debt ; and partly because much of it may be imaginary , since the figures [leave out/drop] the ‘ balancing item ’ of unrecorded net receipts from overseas assets .

The dieter has learned to be more obsessed by food and would not omit a meal .
the dieter has learned to be more obsessed by food and would not [leave out/drop] a meal .

You can omit breakfast if that is your personal preference and still be healthy .
you can [leave out/drop] breakfast if that is your personal preference and still be healthy .

Do not add fat to any of the food ( except where we have specified it ) , and preferably omit salt too .
do not add fat to any of the food ( except where we have specified it ) , and preferably [leave out/drop] salt too .

Here one catches a glimpse of a table bright with silver , glass , and flowers against the dark background of the seating which runs round three sides of the table … one must not omit to mention the obvious adaptability of the hall to festive occasions .
here one catches a glimpse of a table bright with silver , glass , and flowers against the dark background of the seating which runs round three sides of the table … one must not [leave out/drop] to mention the obvious adaptability of the hall to festive occasions .

You omit the influence of the coroner .
you [leave out/drop] the influence of the coroner .

Clearly these transects are not comprehensive and omit the distinctive nature of mountainous Barra or the sandstone based Eye Peninsula near Stornoway or the many small uninhabited islands , but these transects highlight the distinction between the low Atlantic coastlands with machair-land and crofting settlement on the west , and the areas of empty mountains and the extensive peat-covered plateaux of the east and most of the interior regions .
clearly these transects are not comprehensive and [leave out/drop] the distinctive nature of mountainous barra or the sandstone based eye peninsula near stornoway or the many small uninhabited islands , but these transects highlight the distinction between the low atlantic coastlands with machair-land and crofting settlement on the west , and the areas of empty mountains and the extensive peat-covered plateaux of the east and most of the interior regions .

Always summarize the concessions which you have agreed to make during the bargaining process but omit to mention those offered by the other party .
always summarize the concessions which you have agreed to make during the bargaining process but [leave out/drop] to mention those offered by the other party .

This eye-catching display contains tiny baskets of fruit . Omit the baskets on one side for a buffet table if it is set against the wall
this eye-catching display contains tiny baskets of fruit . [leave out/drop] the baskets on one side for a buffet table if it is set against the wall

Vanilla Add 5ml ( 1 tsp ) vanilla essence and 45ml ( 3 tbsp ) milk to the basic mixture and omit the syrup .
vanilla add 5ml ( 1 tsp ) vanilla essence and 45ml ( 3 tbsp ) milk to the basic mixture and [leave out/drop] the syrup .

As we saw in the last chapter , the operation of discretion by the police is a particular fascination in the sociology of policing , but discretion is often viewed narrowly in terms of law : whether the police apply or omit the letter of the law .
as we saw in the last chapter , the operation of discretion by the police is a particular fascination in the sociology of policing , but discretion is often viewed narrowly in terms of law : whether the police apply or [leave out/drop] the letter of the law .

As four chapters will demonstrate , there are different places to find art criticism ; a monograph will afford the greatest opportunity for full critical treatment , while a brief newspaper article is most likely to omit one or more of the three helpful elements , perhaps through the writer 's assuming prior knowledge on the reader 's part .
as four chapters will demonstrate , there are different places to find art criticism ; a monograph will afford the greatest opportunity for full critical treatment , while a brief newspaper article is most likely to [leave out/drop] one or more of the three helpful elements , perhaps through the writer 's assuming prior knowledge on the reader 's part .

His mind is replete with it , and no real understanding of it , as expressed in poetry or song , should omit it .
his mind is replete with it , and no real understanding of it , as expressed in poetry or song , should [leave out/drop] it .

It is appropriate to omit from the examination of stability test samples certain tests which form a necessary part of the quality control specification , such as identification tests for active or other ingredients .
it is appropriate to [leave out/drop] from the examination of stability test samples certain tests which form a necessary part of the quality control specification , such as identification tests for active or other ingredients .

He starts with the pioneering days at Brooklands and has taken care not to omit the Donington grands prix in 1937-38 where Germany 's Auto Unions and Mercedes were so dominant .
he starts with the pioneering days at brooklands and has taken care not to [leave out/drop] the donington grands prix in 1937-38 where germany 's auto unions and mercedes were so dominant .

With reference to your test extra on the Vauxhall Calibra 4x4 ( 20 February ) , you omit to mention its most prestigious rival , the Mitsubishi Galant 4x4 .
with reference to your test extra on the vauxhall calibra 4x4 ( 20 february ) , you [leave out/drop] to mention its most prestigious rival , the mitsubishi galant 4x4 .

Nor can one omit , as an important contributing factor in his decline , the humiliating failure of his own attempts to write and direct a feature film , Yellowbeard , even after some drastic and , by Chapman 's own account , disastrous re-editing by the studio .
nor can one [leave out/drop] , as an important contributing factor in his decline , the humiliating failure of his own attempts to write and direct a feature film , yellowbeard , even after some drastic and , by chapman 's own account , disastrous re-editing by the studio .

We can not in justice omit to mention the establishing of the Publick Botanick Garden at Chelsea by the Worshipful Company of the Apothecaries of London , not only for the instruction of such as should be employed in the compounding of medicines , in the particular simples therein used ( which alone is a very laudable design ) but also for introducing still a greater variety of trees and plants , which although their virtues or uses are not at present known , yet may hereinafter be found of excellent use for many purposes in life .
we can not in justice [leave out/drop] to mention the establishing of the publick botanick garden at chelsea by the worshipful company of the apothecaries of london , not only for the instruction of such as should be employed in the compounding of medicines , in the particular simples therein used ( which alone is a very laudable design ) but also for introducing still a greater variety of trees and plants , which although their virtues or uses are not at present known , yet may hereinafter be found of excellent use for many purposes in life .

, omit disturbing pronouns , how valuable is the ‘ identification , made so incompletely , in such ignorance ?
, [leave out/drop] disturbing pronouns , how valuable is the ‘ identification , made so incompletely , in such ignorance ?

Because we can not question their authors , autobiographies can be tantalizingly elusive : but in compensation , what they omit or include is in itself evidence of the attitudes of the writers and of the readers they had in mind .
because we can not question their authors , autobiographies can be tantalizingly elusive : but in compensation , what they [leave out/drop] or include is in itself evidence of the attitudes of the writers and of the readers they had in mind .

Once central government becomes involved in prescribing school curricula , it can not omit some form of education in public affairs : at any rate , it would be difficult to find a state where there is such a deliberate omission .
once central government becomes involved in prescribing school curricula , it can not [leave out/drop] some form of education in public affairs : at any rate , it would be difficult to find a state where there is such a deliberate omission .

Exceptionally the statutes creating these bodies may omit to provide for an appeal in which case the decisions of the tribunals in question may be the subject of review by the High Court , and if the decisions reveal an error of law they may be quashed by what is known as an order of certiorari .
exceptionally the statutes creating these bodies may [leave out/drop] to provide for an appeal in which case the decisions of the tribunals in question may be the subject of review by the high court , and if the decisions reveal an error of law they may be quashed by what is known as an order of certiorari .

Any list of success stories is bound to omit some favourite voice .
any list of success stories is bound to [leave out/drop] some favourite voice .

British national bibliography entries often omit prices .
british national bibliography entries often [leave out/drop] prices .

The Smithsonian in Washington will omit locations on their database for the sake of conservation and security .
the smithsonian in washington will [leave out/drop] locations on their database for the sake of conservation and security .

To search for text : above the cursor ( omit step 1 above and ) select : direction : ( Up ) of the same case ( or mix of cases ) as the search text select : case : ( Yes ) including whole words only select : whole word : ( Yes )
to search for text : above the cursor ( [leave out/drop] step 1 above and ) select : direction : ( up ) of the same case ( or mix of cases ) as the search text select : case : ( yes ) including whole words only select : whole word : ( yes )

Omit each food or set of foods for about two weeks before going on to the next set .
[leave out/drop] each food or set of foods for about two weeks before going on to the next set .

It is quite easy when teaching a novice , especially in the earlier stages of teaching , to omit important details and to omit explanations and justifications for what is done .
it is quite easy when teaching a novice , especially in the earlier stages of teaching , to [leave out/drop] important details and to [leave out/drop] explanations and justifications for what is done .

Very few classrooms are without this almost traditional teaching aid , and few teachers omit to use it .
very few classrooms are without this almost traditional teaching aid , and few teachers [leave out/drop] to use it .

However , should he look round , decide that there are no children and omit the address , there will be dark mutterings : ‘ He missed oot the children 's address … ’
however , should he look round , decide that there are no children and [leave out/drop] the address , there will be dark mutterings : ‘ he missed oot the children 's address … ’

Ensure that the axes are long enough to cover the whole range , or be prepared to omit points from the graph .
ensure that the axes are long enough to cover the whole range , or be prepared to [leave out/drop] points from the graph .

He withdrew it when it was agreed to omit the paragraph in its entirety .
he withdrew it when it was agreed to [leave out/drop] the paragraph in its entirety .

It asked him to omit the Foreign Secretary 's residence , and although generally to conform to the 1856 conditions , he should ascertain Hammond 's latest requirements and find out if the building could be reduced in size .
it asked him to [leave out/drop] the foreign secretary 's residence , and although generally to conform to the 1856 conditions , he should ascertain hammond 's latest requirements and find out if the building could be reduced in size .

This focus reflects the prevailing bias , which is to choose when it is acceptable to use placebo rather than to choose when it is acceptable to omit placebo .
this focus reflects the prevailing bias , which is to choose when it is acceptable to use placebo rather than to choose when it is acceptable to [leave out/drop] placebo .

Whatever the reason , the decision to omit placebo led to ambiguity and inaction .
whatever the reason , the decision to [leave out/drop] placebo led to ambiguity and inaction .

You can omit any of the illegal or embarrassing activities if you like , but other graduates will be interested in your news .
you can [leave out/drop] any of the illegal or embarrassing activities if you like , but other graduates will be interested in your news .

All the majors save the WSJ omit mention of `` Wag the Dog '' in their airstrike news stories .
all the majors save the wsj [leave out/drop] mention of `` wag the dog '' in their airstrike news stories .

Kansas will omit evolution from its statewide science curriculum .
kansas will [leave out/drop] evolution from its statewide science curriculum .

The comment at the bottom of this letter said the newspaper had decided to omit the names of the restaurants concerned , `` because they would n't be known by respectable people outside the neighborhood , '' and made no comment on the facilities they lacked .
the comment at the bottom of this letter said the newspaper had decided to [leave out/drop] the names of the restaurants concerned , `` because they would n't be known by respectable people outside the neighborhood , '' and made no comment on the facilities they lacked .

Some Democratic congressional staff members tell the Post that Clinton 's plan to omit all mention of the controversy from the State of the Union speech is `` totally surreal . ''
some democratic congressional staff members tell the post that clinton 's plan to [leave out/drop] all mention of the controversy from the state of the union speech is `` totally surreal . ''

It is true that if you were editing the show to make a point you could omit as much as two-thirds of it .
it is true that if you were editing the show to make a point you could [leave out/drop] as much as two-thirds of it .

Proposals to improve the rate of return for Gen X and after , through privatization and what not , invariably omit the money current workers will have to supply to current retirees one way or another from their calculations .
proposals to improve the rate of return for gen x and after , through privatization and what not , invariably [leave out/drop] the money current workers will have to supply to current retirees one way or another from their calculations .

Let 's not omit Dowd 's incisive summary of the moral and constitutional crux of the Clinton sex scandal , almost worthy of Oscar Wilde : `` These are not grounds for impeachment ; these are grounds for divorce . ''
let 's not [leave out/drop] dowd 's incisive summary of the moral and constitutional crux of the clinton sex scandal , almost worthy of oscar wilde : `` these are not grounds for impeachment ; these are grounds for divorce . ''

Press accounts -- even Isikoff 's account in his book -- tend to omit Story No .
press accounts -- even isikoff 's account in his book -- tend to [leave out/drop] story no .

Did it omit Talbot 's explanation that all those long-term advertisers will contribute insignificant revenues ?
did it [leave out/drop] talbot 's explanation that all those long-term advertisers will contribute insignificant revenues ?

The Washington Post front gives itself over most completely to the development , but its headlines omit the I-word .
the washington post front gives itself over most completely to the development , but its headlines [leave out/drop] the i-word .

Five likely dictionaries omit the word tug as it is used locally .
five likely dictionaries [leave out/drop] the word tug as it is used locally .

Omit almost , for Walker does not reveal the meaning .
[leave out/drop] almost , for walker does not reveal the meaning .

An author may omit letters , perhaps to show clipped gerund forms ( singin ' , goin ' , whistlin ' ) , to indicate dropped hs ( 'ello , 'ad n't , 'ome ) , or lost final ds ( husban ' , tol ' ) .
an author may [leave out/drop] letters , perhaps to show clipped gerund forms ( singin ' , goin ' , whistlin ' ) , to indicate dropped hs ( 'ello , 'ad n't , 'ome ) , or lost final ds ( husban ' , tol ' ) .

Because general dictionaries either omit proper names altogether or , if they are included , give them short etymological shrift , Room 's book deserves to stand on the shelf alongside the best dictionaries in a reader 's library .
because general dictionaries either [leave out/drop] proper names altogether or , if they are included , give them short etymological shrift , room 's book deserves to stand on the shelf alongside the best dictionaries in a reader 's library .

We had originally decided to omit it since zipless was often used on its own to mean passionate but emotionally uninvolved , but it does appear often enough as a set phrase to deserve entry .
we had originally decided to [leave out/drop] it since zipless was often used on its own to mean passionate but emotionally uninvolved , but it does appear often enough as a set phrase to deserve entry .

What many people forget , or omit , or simply never heard of , is that Lot offers a sop to the crowd : his two virgin daughters .
what many people forget , or [leave out/drop] , or simply never heard of , is that lot offers a sop to the crowd : his two virgin daughters .

Pepys also has a tendency to omit subject pronouns , reminding one of television commercials : “ Had a bowl of Whamo this morning .
pepys also has a tendency to [leave out/drop] subject pronouns , reminding one of television commercials : “ had a bowl of whamo this morning .

Following the directive of William Strunk 's immortal “ Omit needless words , ” one may tape above one 's word processor , “ Slash excess syllables. ” I admit , at times I think , why bother ?
following the directive of william strunk 's immortal “ [leave out/drop] needless words , ” one may tape above one 's word processor , “ slash excess syllables. ” i admit , at times i think , why bother ?

In a perfect world , there would be no need to refer to people by their skin color : many years ago newspapers agreed to omit mention of an individual 's color , but they got round that by showing a photograph ; today , television newscasters avoid irrelevant mention of skin color , but they seem almost relieved to be able to show a picture of someone being arrested and of looters and rioters .
in a perfect world , there would be no need to refer to people by their skin color : many years ago newspapers agreed to [leave out/drop] mention of an individual 's color , but they got round that by showing a photograph ; today , television newscasters avoid irrelevant mention of skin color , but they seem almost relieved to be able to show a picture of someone being arrested and of looters and rioters .

One might well counter that words containing those elements are therefore not common enough to merit inclusion , but is that suffi- cient reason to omit - mane words ( balletomane ) , - bund words ( moribund ) , and all words ending in - phobe or - phile ?
one might well counter that words containing those elements are therefore not common enough to merit inclusion , but is that suffi- cient reason to [leave out/drop] - mane words ( balletomane ) , - bund words ( moribund ) , and all words ending in - phobe or - phile ?

