If the decision goes wrong , it may be -- as Mr. Stevenson fears -- `` the first step on the slippery path downhill '' to a U.N. without operational responsibilities and without effective meaning .
if the decision goes wrong , it may be -- as mr. stevenson fears -- `` the first step on the slippery path downhill '' to a u.n. without [working] responsibilities and without effective meaning .

Have you considered delegating operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant's financial contribution ? ?
have you considered delegating [working] responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your plant's financial contribution ? ?

During the past year , our long-range striking power , unmatched today in manned bombers , has taken on new strength as the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile has entered the operational inventory .
during the past year , our long-range striking power , unmatched today in manned bombers , has taken on new strength as the atlas intercontinental ballistic missile has entered the [working] inventory .

Present pool quarters at two locations in Providence are crowded , antiquated and , in general , make for inefficient operation in terms of dispersement of personnel and duplication of such operational needs as stock and repair equipment .
present pool quarters at two locations in providence are crowded , antiquated and , in general , make for inefficient operation in terms of dispersement of personnel and duplication of such [working] needs as stock and repair equipment .

This does not mean in a purely bureaucratic sense but in an active , operational , interested , responsible fashion .
this does not mean in a purely bureaucratic sense but in an active , [working] , interested , responsible fashion .

Considering the high cost of the F-108 system -- over $4 billion for the force that had been planned -- and the time period in which it would become operational , it was decided to stop further work on the project .
considering the high cost of the f-108 system -- over $4 billion for the force that had been planned -- and the time period in which it would become [working] , it was decided to stop further work on the project .

This aircraft , which was planned for initial operational use about 1965 , would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems , all of which are scheduled to become available earlier .
this aircraft , which was planned for initial [working] use about 1965 , would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems , all of which are scheduled to become available earlier .

The first Atlas ICBM's are now operational , the first two Polaris submarines are expected to be operational this calendar year , and the first Titan ICBM's next year .
the first atlas icbm's are now [working] , the first two polaris submarines are expected to be [working] this calendar year , and the first titan icbm's next year .

The Minuteman solid-fueled ICBM is planned to be operational about mid-1963 .
the minuteman solid-fueled icbm is planned to be [working] about mid-1963 .

An important operational procedure in BW for an enemy would be to create an areosol or cloud of agent over the target area .
an important [working] procedure in bw for an enemy would be to create an areosol or cloud of agent over the target area .

and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously decentralizing participation in the program to wider and wider groups .
and there persists the dual problem of maintaining [working] unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously decentralizing participation in the program to wider and wider groups .

Though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary -- or perhaps , in some instances , primary -- level , the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings .
though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an [working] definition of prevention at the secondary -- or perhaps , in some instances , primary -- level , the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings .

The practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison .
the practical [working] problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison .

It seems time to consider a revision of operational procedures for lexicostatistic studies on a more humble , solid , and limited basis .
it seems time to consider a revision of [working] procedures for lexicostatistic studies on a more humble , solid , and limited basis .

Like primitive numbers in mathematics , the entire axiological framework is taken to rest upon its operational worth .
like primitive numbers in mathematics , the entire axiological framework is taken to rest upon its [working] worth .

But what is the operational worth of a sociology which mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models ? ?
but what is the [working] worth of a sociology which mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models ? ?

An operational approach to sociology can never expect abstract certainty , since it is certainty which every new discovery in science either replaces or reshapes .
an [working] approach to sociology can never expect abstract certainty , since it is certainty which every new discovery in science either replaces or reshapes .

The high cost of land and a few operational problems resulting from excessive loadings have created the need for a wastewater treatment system with the operational characteristics of the oxidation pond but with the ability to treat more organic matter per unit volume .
the high cost of land and a few [working] problems resulting from excessive loadings have created the need for a wastewater treatment system with the [working] characteristics of the oxidation pond but with the ability to treat more organic matter per unit volume .

The periods of high effluent BOD occurred during cold periods when operational problems with the aerator resulted .
the periods of high effluent bod occurred during cold periods when [working] problems with the aerator resulted .

It includes operational intelligence of the enemy and knowledge of the environment .
it includes [working] intelligence of the enemy and knowledge of the environment .

Operational intelligence presumably will be available from our national intelligence agencies ; ;
[working] intelligence presumably will be available from our national intelligence agencies ; ;

These can be referred to as operational intelligence and environmental intelligence .
these can be referred to as [working] intelligence and environmental intelligence .

Good operational intelligence can ensure sound planning , greatly reduce force requirements , and increase tactical effectiveness .
good [working] intelligence can ensure sound planning , greatly reduce force requirements , and increase tactical effectiveness .

Certainly it 's a sad loss for Lyneham and particularly the squadrons involved but our operational task remains and the training goes on to achieve that
certainly it 's a sad loss for lyneham and particularly the squadrons involved but our [working] task remains and the training goes on to achieve that

It is a matter for the Police , about Police operational tactics , about how the Police are using the law to deal with a very difficult social problem .
it is a matter for the police , about police [working] tactics , about how the police are using the law to deal with a very difficult social problem .

But despite the obvious problems it 's hoped the unit will be operational within two weeks .
but despite the obvious problems it 's hoped the unit will be [working] within two weeks .

Members of the serious crime squad and operational support division arrested the boys at about 8:30am on Thursday but the public was not informed until yesterday .
members of the serious crime squad and [working] support division arrested the boys at about 8:30am on thursday but the public was not informed until yesterday .

While the one assembly line is now operational , full production will not get under way until the end of the week .
while the one assembly line is now [working] , full production will not get under way until the end of the week .

It resulted in last year 's decision to close the European exploration headquarters in Glasgow with the transfer of key personnel to work from the main North Sea operational base in Aberdeen , a process which should be completed by the end of this year .
it resulted in last year 's decision to close the european exploration headquarters in glasgow with the transfer of key personnel to work from the main north sea [working] base in aberdeen , a process which should be completed by the end of this year .

The downturn in the North Sea meant there was too little work to keep all three of Trafalgar 's facilities operational .
the downturn in the north sea meant there was too little work to keep all three of trafalgar 's facilities [working] .

Eric Connor has been appointed to the new post of director of resources at Northern Electric 's operational director 's department .
eric connor has been appointed to the new post of director of resources at northern electric 's [working] director 's department .

Health officials were handed the keys to the new building at the Friarage last month , but the unit will not become fully operational until March .
health officials were handed the keys to the new building at the friarage last month , but the unit will not become fully [working] until march .

During her trials off the west coast of Scotland in 1989 , Upholder lost power when her propulsion control system failed to cope with a sudden switch from full ahead to full astern power , a problem which contributed seven months to the three-year delay in her becoming operational .
during her trials off the west coast of scotland in 1989 , upholder lost power when her propulsion control system failed to cope with a sudden switch from full ahead to full astern power , a problem which contributed seven months to the three-year delay in her becoming [working] .

It had started construction on more than 1,000 new beds and he predicted that 4,785 beds would be fully operational by 1 April .
it had started construction on more than 1,000 new beds and he predicted that 4,785 beds would be fully [working] by 1 april .

’ But he said he could not disclose the terms of the transaction , which became operational on 1 March .
’ but he said he could not disclose the terms of the transaction , which became [working] on 1 march .

Since Darlington Health Authority 's operational policy document was first drafted and given to committee members last year the goalposts have been moved , and Our wonderful new unit , which thousands of local people have worked so hard to raise money for , seems doomed to become a white elephant , admitting day patients only .
since darlington health authority 's [working] policy document was first drafted and given to committee members last year the goalposts have been moved , and our wonderful new unit , which thousands of local people have worked so hard to raise money for , seems doomed to become a white elephant , admitting day patients only .

Lothian Region and Edinburgh District councils are expected to approve the scheme next month and it could be operational within 18 months .
lothian region and edinburgh district councils are expected to approve the scheme next month and it could be [working] within 18 months .

The boat is expected to be operational by this afternoon .
the boat is expected to be [working] by this afternoon .

High-tech trade links operational
high-tech trade links [working]

We should be fully operational again by 4th February .
we should be fully [working] again by 4th february .

The liabilities of the issue department are thus simply notes in circulation in the economy , plus the operational balances held at the Bank .
the liabilities of the issue department are thus simply notes in circulation in the economy , plus the [working] balances held at the bank .

( a ) Banker to banks and other financial institutions — every commercial bank has an account with the Bank of England in which ‘ operational deposits ’ are kept in order to settle interbank debts from the cheque clearing system , and for payment of funds due to the government ( and , conversely , funds paid by the government to the banks ) .
( a ) banker to banks and other financial institutions — every commercial bank has an account with the bank of england in which ‘ [working] deposits ’ are kept in order to settle interbank debts from the cheque clearing system , and for payment of funds due to the government ( and , conversely , funds paid by the government to the banks ) .

Operational deposits make up approximately a fifth of bankers ' balances held at the bank , the remainder being made up of non-interest bearing cash deposits that banks are required to keep at the Bank of England to provide it with an income .
[working] deposits make up approximately a fifth of bankers ' balances held at the bank , the remainder being made up of non-interest bearing cash deposits that banks are required to keep at the bank of england to provide it with an income .

Clearly confidence in a bank would quickly suffer if cheques were returned unpaid due to a bank having insufficient funds in its operational account at the Bank of England , if a clearing bank .
clearly confidence in a bank would quickly suffer if cheques were returned unpaid due to a bank having insufficient funds in its [working] account at the bank of england , if a clearing bank .

Money can be lent at varying maturities and money settlement will be achieved via changes in operational balances at the Bank of England .
money can be lent at varying maturities and money settlement will be achieved via changes in [working] balances at the bank of england .

The narrower is this spread , the greater will be the operational efficiency of the market .
the narrower is this spread , the greater will be the [working] efficiency of the market .

In other words , it must not damage allocative , operational or dynamic efficiency as described in Chapter 2 .
in other words , it must not damage allocative , [working] or dynamic efficiency as described in chapter 2 .

The nature of the political environment confuses the normal distinction between strategic and minor issues , since what may be minor in operational or commercial terms may have important symbolic political impact .
the nature of the political environment confuses the normal distinction between strategic and minor issues , since what may be minor in [working] or commercial terms may have important symbolic political impact .

His citation concluded : ‘ Captain Forgrave has directly contributed to the success of the tour by his careful and thorough preparation prior to operational tasks . ’
his citation concluded : ‘ captain forgrave has directly contributed to the success of the tour by his careful and thorough preparation prior to [working] tasks . ’

Railfreight said it could not justify moving the oil by rail to Bedale for economic and operational reasons .
railfreight said it could not justify moving the oil by rail to bedale for economic and [working] reasons .

The report said close examination would be given to : — Possible reasons for the progressive descent into the sea ; — The helicopter 's performance under the prevailing conditions ; — Flight crew actions and procedures ; — Observance and applicability of any operational limitations and guidelines ; — Survival aspects including structural integrity , survival aids and search and rescue assets .
the report said close examination would be given to : — possible reasons for the progressive descent into the sea ; — the helicopter 's performance under the prevailing conditions ; — flight crew actions and procedures ; — observance and applicability of any [working] limitations and guidelines ; — survival aspects including structural integrity , survival aids and search and rescue assets .

The new Tarporley station became operational on April 16 and an open day was held for local residents a week later .
the new tarporley station became [working] on april 16 and an open day was held for local residents a week later .

It 's been a monumental effort by all concerned to get the school operational in just eleven days .
it 's been a monumental effort by all concerned to get the school [working] in just eleven days .

‘ It is our hope that when the service is fully operational all children born with these birthmarks will receive treatment before they reach school age .
‘ it is our hope that when the service is fully [working] all children born with these birthmarks will receive treatment before they reach school age .

But we ourselves see a close link between this operational experience and involvement and the research work which , for the most part , does take place erm here in Sussex .
but we ourselves see a close link between this [working] experience and involvement and the research work which , for the most part , does take place erm here in sussex .

Supervised by a task force headed by project manager , the building is going ahead while the rest of the chemicals plant remains operational .
supervised by a task force headed by project manager , the building is going ahead while the rest of the chemicals plant remains [working] .

It became operational during the Summer and since then has visited over 20 events including major galas and fetes .
it became [working] during the summer and since then has visited over 20 events including major galas and fetes .

It should , however , be remembered that the network of services , including the timetabling of trains within that network , is almost completely driven by operational considerations .
it should , however , be remembered that the network of services , including the timetabling of trains within that network , is almost completely driven by [working] considerations .

The passenger has always come a poor second to the operational integrity of the system .
the passenger has always come a poor second to the [working] integrity of the system .

The donated pony will be cared for until the hospice becomes operational .
the donated pony will be cared for until the hospice becomes [working] .

The aim was to get the plant operational by March .
the aim was to get the plant [working] by march .

Another option to be explored is the Nationwide Safe Haven scheme , the council says in its housing strategy and operational plan submissions to the Welsh Office for 1993-94 .
another option to be explored is the nationwide safe haven scheme , the council says in its housing strategy and [working] plan submissions to the welsh office for 1993-94 .

The men , who are claiming damages for false imprisonment , assault and malicious prosecution , were arrested in the early hours of the morning by officers of the Operational Support Division .
the men , who are claiming damages for false imprisonment , assault and malicious prosecution , were arrested in the early hours of the morning by officers of the [working] support division .

Devonport Management Ltd has already submitted a 13-volume report to the Ministry of Defence arguing that opting for Devonport would save the Government more than £400m through lower operational costs and more flexible dock facilities .
devonport management ltd has already submitted a 13-volume report to the ministry of defence arguing that opting for devonport would save the government more than £400m through lower [working] costs and more flexible dock facilities .

Low-flying will be reduced by a third over the next three years anyway with plans to cut some operational squadrons and introduce the propeller turbine aircraft for training .
low-flying will be reduced by a third over the next three years anyway with plans to cut some [working] squadrons and introduce the propeller turbine aircraft for training .

This programme was organised by Courtaulds ' operational development department in London .
this programme was organised by courtaulds ' [working] development department in london .

The clearing banks , in addition , hold at the Bank whatever operational balances they deem necessary .
the clearing banks , in addition , hold at the bank whatever [working] balances they deem necessary .

As shown in Table 3 , the most liquid end of the portfolio comprises non-profitable assets , such as till money ( notes and coins ) and operational balances at the Bank of England .
as shown in table 3 , the most liquid end of the portfolio comprises non-profitable assets , such as till money ( notes and coins ) and [working] balances at the bank of england .

The aim is to streamline the business , achieve higher productivity and lay the foundations for better operational results .
the aim is to streamline the business , achieve higher productivity and lay the foundations for better [working] results .

Not many companies can afford the high cost of entry or meet the stringent operational requirements .
not many companies can afford the high cost of entry or meet the stringent [working] requirements .

Drawn from a cross-section of factory people — both hourly paid and salaried staff — they will look at ways of improving operational standards in pulp handling , acid recovery and spinning .
drawn from a cross-section of factory people — both hourly paid and salaried staff — they will look at ways of improving [working] standards in pulp handling , acid recovery and spinning .

10.5 Operational amplifiers
10.5 [working] amplifiers

Amplifiers that are well suited to performing mathematical operations on input signals when negative feedback is applied are termed operational amplifiers .
amplifiers that are well suited to performing mathematical operations on input signals when negative feedback is applied are termed [working] amplifiers .

An ideal operational amplifier would at all frequencies exhibit infinite gain , no electrical noise , zero output impedance and infinite input impedance so that the mathematical operation would be completely determined by the feedback network .
an ideal [working] amplifier would at all frequencies exhibit infinite gain , no electrical noise , zero output impedance and infinite input impedance so that the mathematical operation would be completely determined by the feedback network .

Although real operational amplifiers can never provide such properties , a modern operational amplifier formed within a single chip of silicon comes impressively close to meeting the ideal specification .
although real [working] amplifiers can never provide such properties , a modern [working] amplifier formed within a single chip of silicon comes impressively close to meeting the ideal specification .

The differential aspect means that an operational amplifier possesses a noninverting and an inverting input terminal , the sign of any signal applied between these terminals and the common rail being respectively preserved and reversed at the output .
the differential aspect means that an [working] amplifier possesses a noninverting and an inverting input terminal , the sign of any signal applied between these terminals and the common rail being respectively preserved and reversed at the output .

In the following analysis of the behaviour of operational amplifiers subjected to various forms of negative feedback , the open-loop amplifier will be assumed effectively ideal for simplicity .
in the following analysis of the behaviour of [working] amplifiers subjected to various forms of negative feedback , the open-loop amplifier will be assumed effectively ideal for simplicity .

Clearly this analysis will only give the performance of corresponding practical circuits up to some critical frequency beyond which their response will be influenced by the significant departure of the operational amplifier from ideal behaviour .
clearly this analysis will only give the performance of corresponding practical circuits up to some critical frequency beyond which their response will be influenced by the significant departure of the [working] amplifier from ideal behaviour .

10.9 ( a ) Inverting and ( b ) noninverting configuration of an operational amplifier .
10.9 ( a ) inverting and ( b ) noninverting configuration of an [working] amplifier .

Consider the basic so-called inverting and noninverting operational amplifier configurations featuring negative feedback that are depicted in figures 10.9 ( a ) and ( b ) respectively .
consider the basic so-called inverting and noninverting [working] amplifier configurations featuring negative feedback that are depicted in figures 10.9 ( a ) and ( b ) respectively .

10.11 ( a ) Operational amplifier integrator and ( b ) operational amplifier differentiator .
10.11 ( a ) [working] amplifier integrator and ( b ) [working] amplifier differentiator .

10.13 Circuit diagram of a basic Wien bridge oscillator involving feedback round an operational amplifier .
10.13 circuit diagram of a basic wien bridge oscillator involving feedback round an [working] amplifier .

Note that the saturation potential differences are close to the supply e.m.f.s biasing the operational amplifier .
note that the saturation potential differences are close to the supply e.m.f.s biasing the [working] amplifier .

10.14 ( a ) Comparator , ( b ) Schmitt trigger , ( c ) astable multivibrator and ( d ) bistable multivibrator , each based on an operational amplifier .
10.14 ( a ) comparator , ( b ) schmitt trigger , ( c ) astable multivibrator and ( d ) bistable multivibrator , each based on an [working] amplifier .

The network designed to provide negative feedback over the required operational frequency range can itself introduce positive feedback at other frequencies .
the network designed to provide negative feedback over the required [working] frequency range can itself introduce positive feedback at other frequencies .

How the negative-feedback loop can be designed to prevent its presence giving rise to instability will now be demonstrated in the context of operational amplifiers .
how the negative-feedback loop can be designed to prevent its presence giving rise to instability will now be demonstrated in the context of [working] amplifiers .

When the negative feedback is large enough to satisfy as is usually the case at least over the intended , operational frequency range , the closed-loop gain is and .
when the negative feedback is large enough to satisfy as is usually the case at least over the intended , [working] frequency range , the closed-loop gain is and .

As an example of the use of a Bode plot to ensure the stability of a negative-feedback amplifier , consider the operational amplifier differentiator of figure 10.11 ( b ) .
as an example of the use of a bode plot to ensure the stability of a negative-feedback amplifier , consider the [working] amplifier differentiator of figure 10.11 ( b ) .

All hauliers audited for safety and operational procedures .
all hauliers audited for safety and [working] procedures .

We believe we have a very soundbase on which to build , with the partnerships and service agreements providing a platform to continue cost reduction , raise our operational efficiency and reinforce the continuing drive for customer satisfaction .
we believe we have a very soundbase on which to build , with the partnerships and service agreements providing a platform to continue cost reduction , raise our [working] efficiency and reinforce the continuing drive for customer satisfaction .

We are also considering linking electronic mail systems so that people can quickly get operational messages to defined contracts .
we are also considering linking electronic mail systems so that people can quickly get [working] messages to defined contracts .

Last Year 's agreements , says the circular , ‘ must be translated into operational details ’ , monitored and if necessary refined .
last year 's agreements , says the circular , ‘ must be translated into [working] details ’ , monitored and if necessary refined .

The Japanese team will also attend a lunch reception at the British Gas Bristol North offices in Eastgate Road on 23 March , where they will meet the Lord Mayor and be given a tour of this operational control centre .
the japanese team will also attend a lunch reception at the british gas bristol north offices in eastgate road on 23 march , where they will meet the lord mayor and be given a tour of this [working] control centre .

Kaohsiung operates a system whereby employees can offer operational advice regarding improvements to production methods .
kaohsiung operates a system whereby employees can offer [working] advice regarding improvements to production methods .

Brightly designed in purple and white , the Reverso has 1300 watts of drying power , two heat/speed settings plus a diffuser setting and electronic display lights that let you know which end of the dryer is operational .
brightly designed in purple and white , the reverso has 1300 watts of drying power , two heat/speed settings plus a diffuser setting and electronic display lights that let you know which end of the dryer is [working] .

The Midi Mate allows you to send up to three patch changes on three different channels and offers three different operational modes .
the midi mate allows you to send up to three patch changes on three different channels and offers three different [working] modes .

Of course , these strivings to realize organizational goals may become crystallized in standard operational procedures .
of course , these strivings to realize organizational goals may become crystallized in standard [working] procedures .

There is already an operational route which is not open to the public .
there is already an [working] route which is not open to the public .

The delivery date for new furniture and equipment needs to be arranged so that the new site is fully operational once all the equipment and goods have been transferred .
the delivery date for new furniture and equipment needs to be arranged so that the new site is fully [working] once all the equipment and goods have been transferred .

The computer interface was secretly operational , sorting through the Mormons ' old listings of everybody who had ever left a record of his or her life on earth .
the computer interface was secretly [working] , sorting through the mormons ' old listings of everybody who had ever left a record of his or her life on earth .

It was to discuss the new storage and filing systems to be used for the archive of de Chavigny designs , which had been replanned from scratch at Edouard de Chavigny 's insistence , and which would become fully operational that week , when the archive was finally moved to its new headquarters .
it was to discuss the new storage and filing systems to be used for the archive of de chavigny designs , which had been replanned from scratch at edouard de chavigny 's insistence , and which would become fully [working] that week , when the archive was finally moved to its new headquarters .

And there is the question of the relevance of the trading of information in the first place . When you 're dealing with the smallest cogs in a ‘ million pound train-set ’ which in any case will not be operational for decades , how can you think to exchange these with a human life ?
and there is the question of the relevance of the trading of information in the first place . when you 're dealing with the smallest cogs in a ‘ million pound train-set ’ which in any case will not be [working] for decades , how can you think to exchange these with a human life ?

The writers include in their definition of research academically based studies , operational research , careful analysis of regular and accurate working records , and the process of evaluation which reviews practical day-to-day transactions in order to sharpen individual and collective knowledge and skills , and raise standards of service relevance and sensitivity to need .
the writers include in their definition of research academically based studies , [working] research , careful analysis of regular and accurate working records , and the process of evaluation which reviews practical day-to-day transactions in order to sharpen individual and collective knowledge and skills , and raise standards of service relevance and sensitivity to need .

The Children 's Society , a national voluntary child care organization providing the only safe houses for runaways and the only comprehensive research on this issue in England ( De'Ath and Newman , 1987 ; Newman , forthcoming ) , has suggested the following as a basic operational definition for further work in this area : Such a definition would combine two currently separate categories of young people ( runaways and absconders ) and could provide the basis for the collection of national statistics to estimate the prevalence of runaway behaviour .
the children 's society , a national voluntary child care organization providing the only safe houses for runaways and the only comprehensive research on this issue in england ( de'ath and newman , 1987 ; newman , forthcoming ) , has suggested the following as a basic [working] definition for further work in this area : such a definition would combine two currently separate categories of young people ( runaways and absconders ) and could provide the basis for the collection of national statistics to estimate the prevalence of runaway behaviour .

And more trained managers did not directly result in operational changes in business organisation .
and more trained managers did not directly result in [working] changes in business organisation .

The flight safety officials receive reports from their own flight crews and engineering staff , and keep checks on operational irregularities and monitor the investigations of all the flight safety incidents such as engine shut-downs in flight , selection of emergency systems , component failure in flight and procedural shortcomings .
the flight safety officials receive reports from their own flight crews and engineering staff , and keep checks on [working] irregularities and monitor the investigations of all the flight safety incidents such as engine shut-downs in flight , selection of emergency systems , component failure in flight and procedural shortcomings .

The investigating procedure is very naturally divided at an early stage into two aspects — the operational or operating circumstances in which the event occurred , and the examination of the aircraft remains .
the investigating procedure is very naturally divided at an early stage into two aspects — the [working] or operating circumstances in which the event occurred , and the examination of the aircraft remains .

So much for the engineering side . But to return to the initial arrival at the accident site , what is the operational investigator looking for ?
so much for the engineering side . but to return to the initial arrival at the accident site , what is the [working] investigator looking for ?

Depending on whether the accident happened in daylight or at night , in good weather or rain or possibly snow , the exact condition of the runways and aerodrome and approach lighting systems must be established as part of the operational investigator 's accumulation of recorded facts relating to the accident .
depending on whether the accident happened in daylight or at night , in good weather or rain or possibly snow , the exact condition of the runways and aerodrome and approach lighting systems must be established as part of the [working] investigator 's accumulation of recorded facts relating to the accident .

Throughout the field investigation there will obviously be exchanges of information between the engineering , operational , flight recorder and pathological investigators , and for the first few days at least there will be regular meetings for mutual consultation at the end of each day 's work .
throughout the field investigation there will obviously be exchanges of information between the engineering , [working] , flight recorder and pathological investigators , and for the first few days at least there will be regular meetings for mutual consultation at the end of each day 's work .

Clearly there is so much ground to be covered , particularly on the engineering and operational sides , when a large transport aircraft is involved that you will need several investigators working at the same time .
clearly there is so much ground to be covered , particularly on the engineering and [working] sides , when a large transport aircraft is involved that you will need several investigators working at the same time .

Similarly on the operational side , separate investigators can pursue different subjects .
similarly on the [working] side , separate investigators can pursue different subjects .

In an accident to a private , club or general aviation aircraft the number of investigators might not exceed just one operational and one engineering investigator , with a pathologist in the case of fatalities ; but the general process is broadly the same .
in an accident to a private , club or general aviation aircraft the number of investigators might not exceed just one [working] and one engineering investigator , with a pathologist in the case of fatalities ; but the general process is broadly the same .

The same analytical method can be adopted in identifying what happened and why it happened in an accident which is entirely operational in character , though in such a case there would be greater dependence upon some of the less precise characteristics of human behaviour in the explanation of why certain things were done .
the same analytical method can be adopted in identifying what happened and why it happened in an accident which is entirely [working] in character , though in such a case there would be greater dependence upon some of the less precise characteristics of human behaviour in the explanation of why certain things were done .

Operational needs
[working] needs

It aims to take account of the operational needs of existing users , obligations that international treaties and organisations impose , the impact of technological developments and the availability of resources to meet recommendations and implement changes .
it aims to take account of the [working] needs of existing users , obligations that international treaties and organisations impose , the impact of technological developments and the availability of resources to meet recommendations and implement changes .

Bodies that have particular input to and effect on issues of European spectrum management include the European Commission , which is taking an increasingly active interest in telecommunications and has identified two major tasks ahead for member states : the liberalisation of telecommunications services and the separation of regulatory and operational functions .
bodies that have particular input to and effect on issues of european spectrum management include the european commission , which is taking an increasingly active interest in telecommunications and has identified two major tasks ahead for member states : the liberalisation of telecommunications services and the separation of regulatory and [working] functions .

It is the Company 's intention to have an operational presence in key member states as and when suitable opportunities arise .
it is the company 's intention to have an [working] presence in key member states as and when suitable opportunities arise .

With the original tidal basin completely refurbished and the new locked basin fully operational , its standing among the best has been recognised by the award of 5 Gold Anchors , the only marina on the South East or East Coasts to receive this top rating .
with the original tidal basin completely refurbished and the new locked basin fully [working] , its standing among the best has been recognised by the award of 5 gold anchors , the only marina on the south east or east coasts to receive this top rating .

The principal effort to date has been directed to setting up the operational structure , preparing marketing material , and general business development , including joint ventures with partners in industry .
the principal effort to date has been directed to setting up the [working] structure , preparing marketing material , and general business development , including joint ventures with partners in industry .

Operational capability and commercial opportunity
[working] capability and commercial opportunity

The operational capability established during the Regional Mapping Programme has been further developed through a range of scientific and commercial projects .
the [working] capability established during the regional mapping programme has been further developed through a range of scientific and commercial projects .

Mr Wright , a widower with one son and two grandchildren , was making his first operational parachute drop when he bailed out of an aircraft over Arnhem in September 1944 .
mr wright , a widower with one son and two grandchildren , was making his first [working] parachute drop when he bailed out of an aircraft over arnhem in september 1944 .

Fillenbaum indicates that the main areas of functional assessment chosen for operational use are activities of daily living , physical and mental health , social life , and economic status .
fillenbaum indicates that the main areas of functional assessment chosen for [working] use are activities of daily living , physical and mental health , social life , and economic status .

And more often than not , out of the sun would come the yellow-nosed Messerschmitts , long before our fighters had had sufficient time in which to gain their best operational height .
and more often than not , out of the sun would come the yellow-nosed messerschmitts , long before our fighters had had sufficient time in which to gain their best [working] height .

1 May also saw the first operational sorties by the 21 Squadron Blenheims from Luqa , together with another claim for the Ju88 by the anti-aircraft defences .
1 may also saw the first [working] sorties by the 21 squadron blenheims from luqa , together with another claim for the ju88 by the anti-aircraft defences .

The absence of political initiatives ( as opposed to operational ones ) from the Tories is so total that it was a relief that these subjects were mostly ignored during the election .
the absence of political initiatives ( as opposed to [working] ones ) from the tories is so total that it was a relief that these subjects were mostly ignored during the election .

Our district has five clinics operational , with more planned in the future .
our district has five clinics [working] , with more planned in the future .

Their third conclusion is that ‘ when new technology is introduced an inappropriate form of work organization — that associated with the technical trial of the machinery — tends to be carried over to subsequent operational units ’ ( Trist et al .
their third conclusion is that ‘ when new technology is introduced an inappropriate form of work organization — that associated with the technical trial of the machinery — tends to be carried over to subsequent [working] units ’ ( trist et al .

Braverman 's radical analysis of work organisation at the operational level has been extended by a number of writers concerned to explore its implications for these wider organisational issues .
braverman 's radical analysis of work organisation at the [working] level has been extended by a number of writers concerned to explore its implications for these wider organisational issues .

Due to the nature of our operations short-notice alterations had to be made to our notified programme because of weather or operational problems .
due to the nature of our operations short-notice alterations had to be made to our notified programme because of weather or [working] problems .

Available in shoe sizes five–13 ( children 's ) , one–six ( ladies ' ) and a male size , and operational on solar power with a small roof adaptation from Earthenergy Inc of Twin Falls , Idaho , this is the perfect present for a creative person .
available in shoe sizes five–13 ( children 's ) , one–six ( ladies ' ) and a male size , and [working] on solar power with a small roof adaptation from earthenergy inc of twin falls , idaho , this is the perfect present for a creative person .

Dangerous goods and perishable goods are two examples of operational specializations worth serious consideration .
dangerous goods and perishable goods are two examples of [working] specializations worth serious consideration .

However , this often involves managers in taking decisions about future policy , and management level case studies commonly invite you to consider whether a change of direction is necessary , and if so , what the operational implications are .
however , this often involves managers in taking decisions about future policy , and management level case studies commonly invite you to consider whether a change of direction is necessary , and if so , what the [working] implications are .

Detailing the operational implications of the proposed conference bookings .
detailing the [working] implications of the proposed conference bookings .

Discussions deal with the co-ordination of activities and the settlement of operational problems on an ad hoc basis .
discussions deal with the co-ordination of activities and the settlement of [working] problems on an ad hoc basis .

The company holds a ‘ budget preview ’ meeting in April , attended by all the Executive Directors and Senior Operational Managers .
the company holds a ‘ budget preview ’ meeting in april , attended by all the executive directors and senior [working] managers .

1 . Operational Implications
1 . [working] implications

You will already have considered most of the factors under ‘ operational implications ’ , but do n't forget that you need to allow for the tea , coffee and biscuits that the second conference will be consuming in substantial quantities .
you will already have considered most of the factors under ‘ [working] implications ’ , but do n't forget that you need to allow for the tea , coffee and biscuits that the second conference will be consuming in substantial quantities .

This is linked with a failure to develop an appropriate system of operational and management control .
this is linked with a failure to develop an appropriate system of [working] and management control .

‘ Sure , by our current standards of technology , ’ Hayman agreed ‘ The original Foxbat had a maximum airspeed of fractionally over Mach 3 , and a probable operational ceiling of around 125,000 feet .
‘ sure , by our current standards of technology , ’ hayman agreed ‘ the original foxbat had a maximum airspeed of fractionally over mach 3 , and a probable [working] ceiling of around 125,000 feet .

Tell her you want that office fully operational by 0900 tomorrow morning .
tell her you want that office fully [working] by 0900 tomorrow morning .

In a real way , the mass media give political systems their contemporary form and operational concepts within the political system their contemporary flavour .
in a real way , the mass media give political systems their contemporary form and [working] concepts within the political system their contemporary flavour .

Stork set up the firm in 1973 , becoming operational with three employees in 1974 .
stork set up the firm in 1973 , becoming [working] with three employees in 1974 .

Since that time , the research department has grown to twelve , and several new partners ( for example , Peter Bryant from Eurosurvey ) have been appointed from competitors ; chief executives from major institutions like Chemical Bank — Alex Gibson — and Grand Metropolitan — Peter Ohlson — have been hired to add weight to operational skills .
since that time , the research department has grown to twelve , and several new partners ( for example , peter bryant from eurosurvey ) have been appointed from competitors ; chief executives from major institutions like chemical bank — alex gibson — and grand metropolitan — peter ohlson — have been hired to add weight to [working] skills .

Put into operational terms this means that , at some point , there are likely to be cells that respond in one way to one wavelength at one point in the receptive field and differently to the same wavelength in a different part of the field .
put into [working] terms this means that , at some point , there are likely to be cells that respond in one way to one wavelength at one point in the receptive field and differently to the same wavelength in a different part of the field .

Operational units , including armed forces of different socialist countries , can be created to conduct joint operations in military theatres .
[working] units , including armed forces of different socialist countries , can be created to conduct joint operations in military theatres .

Operational controls : over communications and command and control centres ( an ingredient of success in Poland in 1980–81 ) ; over fuel and munitions stocks ( run down before the invasions of Hungary and Czechoslovakia ) .
[working] controls : over communications and command and control centres ( an ingredient of success in poland in 1980–81 ) ; over fuel and munitions stocks ( run down before the invasions of hungary and czechoslovakia ) .

Whilst line officers pressed for greater autonomy on their own operational turf , these years actually witnessed a strengthening of the prerogatives of political officers , not their diminution .
whilst line officers pressed for greater autonomy on their own [working] turf , these years actually witnessed a strengthening of the prerogatives of political officers , not their diminution .

However , neither Trivers ' explanation of the prevalence of increased competition among males nor Darwin 's description of the theory of sexual selection provide an operational definition of the intensity of sexual selection ( Wade , 1979 ) .
however , neither trivers ' explanation of the prevalence of increased competition among males nor darwin 's description of the theory of sexual selection provide an [working] definition of the intensity of sexual selection ( wade , 1979 ) .

It would need a major rethink both on operational employment and training .
it would need a major rethink both on [working] employment and training .

‘ There follow two general handling trips to accustom the pilot to the feel of the aircraft and he is ready to start his operational exercises .
‘ there follow two general handling trips to accustom the pilot to the feel of the aircraft and he is ready to start his [working] exercises .

At Bassingbourn the job of providing aircrew for the depleted number of operational squadrons continued but with an increased emphasis on the low level role-training which had been introduced in late 1960 .
at bassingbourn the job of providing aircrew for the depleted number of [working] squadrons continued but with an increased emphasis on the low level role-training which had been introduced in late 1960 .

At the time it was widely believed that Sugar would not be returning to operational flying , as the following press release issued at the time seemed to indicate :
at the time it was widely believed that sugar would not be returning to [working] flying , as the following press release issued at the time seemed to indicate :

It fell to Laurie and his crew to take Sugar on her ‘ 137th ’ and last operational sortie on April 23 , 1945 , to attack U-Boats at Flensburg .
it fell to laurie and his crew to take sugar on her ‘ 137th ’ and last [working] sortie on april 23 , 1945 , to attack u-boats at flensburg .

Databases meet many requirements of the hyper-medium : persistent data management , large volumes , data modelling , multi-level architecture with abstractions and views , meta-data integrated with operational data , short-term transaction processing and high-level end-user languages for searching and updating data .
databases meet many requirements of the hyper-medium : persistent data management , large volumes , data modelling , multi-level architecture with abstractions and views , meta-data integrated with [working] data , short-term transaction processing and high-level end-user languages for searching and updating data .

Mustang , The Operational Record ( 156pp , illus , hbk , £16.95 ) by Robert Jackson is yet another book on North American Aviation 's most famous product .
mustang , the [working] record ( 156pp , illus , hbk , £16.95 ) by robert jackson is yet another book on north american aviation 's most famous product .

The first Falconet launch took place at Larkhill on February 14 , 1982 . The aircraft has been fully operational since 1987 and to date has completed more than 650 centrifugal launches with a better than 98% success rate — not such an outlandish scheme after all !
the first falconet launch took place at larkhill on february 14 , 1982 . the aircraft has been fully [working] since 1987 and to date has completed more than 650 centrifugal launches with a better than 98% success rate — not such an outlandish scheme after all !

Our submarines are all operational , you see , except for a couple of recent arrivals that are working up ; new boats getting a crew together , that is , doing sea trials and dummy runs with torpedoes .
our submarines are all [working] , you see , except for a couple of recent arrivals that are working up ; new boats getting a crew together , that is , doing sea trials and dummy runs with torpedoes .

in the service of a fire brigade and is donning operational clothing or equipment ;
in the service of a fire brigade and is donning [working] clothing or equipment ;

Nonetheless , the main impulse for the nationalisation of the four companies — and of all other transport undertakings — was ideological rather than operational .
nonetheless , the main impulse for the nationalisation of the four companies — and of all other transport undertakings — was ideological rather than [working] .

Operational functions have been entirely subsumed into the business sectors .
[working] functions have been entirely subsumed into the business sectors .

The bulk issue will be timed to take place as close to the start of the new deduction year as operational scheduling permits .
the bulk issue will be timed to take place as close to the start of the new deduction year as [working] scheduling permits .

As is pointed out in a robust response from Ernst & Young , the code is full of the desired qualitative attributes of boards and directors , but it is short on objective operational criteria .
as is pointed out in a robust response from ernst & young , the code is full of the desired qualitative attributes of boards and directors , but it is short on objective [working] criteria .

He also said that he would not undertake to follow best practice while it differs from the operational guidelines .
he also said that he would not undertake to follow best practice while it differs from the [working] guidelines .

To achieve this it separated operational and functional responsibilities within the practice and brought in outside professional managers who were non-accountants : principally Ray Pierce ex-chief executive of the Mortgage Corporation and a former general manager of American Express — as chief executive , and Mel Smaje , a quietly determined former rugby player with experience in the pharmaceutical and computer industries , as director of human resources .
to achieve this it separated [working] and functional responsibilities within the practice and brought in outside professional managers who were non-accountants : principally ray pierce ex-chief executive of the mortgage corporation and a former general manager of american express — as chief executive , and mel smaje , a quietly determined former rugby player with experience in the pharmaceutical and computer industries , as director of human resources .

Launched by the Princess of Wales in 1988 , the hospice entered the Awards for the first time using its 1990 accounts which covered its first operational year with a full complement of staff .
launched by the princess of wales in 1988 , the hospice entered the awards for the first time using its 1990 accounts which covered its first [working] year with a full complement of staff .

The deal was to finance the power station 's gas and steam turbines which will become operational in early 1993 .
the deal was to finance the power station 's gas and steam turbines which will become [working] in early 1993 .

The sound implementation of realistic costing systems demands the commitment of operational and financial management alike .
the sound implementation of realistic costing systems demands the commitment of [working] and financial management alike .

It will be found on the cost accountant 's bookshelf but the operational manager will not be convinced that the cost gymnastics of Mr Hicks ' cost accumulation model are any more accurate or relevant to his operation than the existing confusion of standard rates , production norm etc .
it will be found on the cost accountant 's bookshelf but the [working] manager will not be convinced that the cost gymnastics of mr hicks ' cost accumulation model are any more accurate or relevant to his operation than the existing confusion of standard rates , production norm etc .

Union leader Arthur Scargill said : ‘ We are asking that the 10 pits earmarked for immediate closure are put into full operational order again , immediately . ’
union leader arthur scargill said : ‘ we are asking that the 10 pits earmarked for immediate closure are put into full [working] order again , immediately . ’

‘ The target was an operational British Army base which is situated adjacent to the hospital . ’
‘ the target was an [working] british army base which is situated adjacent to the hospital . ’

Some people will perhaps feel uneasy about the definition of pedagogy as operational research in which experience is pressed into partnership with principled enquiry .
some people will perhaps feel uneasy about the definition of pedagogy as [working] research in which experience is pressed into partnership with principled enquiry .

Applied linguistics in this sense must be practised by teachers too if it is to have any effective operational relevance at all .
applied linguistics in this sense must be practised by teachers too if it is to have any effective [working] relevance at all .

From the perspective outlined in the preceding chapter , language teaching can be seen as a principled problem-solving activity : a kind of operational research which works out solutions to its own local problems .
from the perspective outlined in the preceding chapter , language teaching can be seen as a principled problem-solving activity : a kind of [working] research which works out solutions to its own local problems .

From the point of view of teacher activity as pragmatic mediation , operational techniques are the enactment of ideas previously subjected to appraisal which provides them with a rationale .
from the point of view of teacher activity as pragmatic mediation , [working] techniques are the enactment of ideas previously subjected to appraisal which provides them with a rationale .

If eclecticism is to be a matter of principle , it can not apply independently at the level of operational technique : it must apply at the level of appraisal which techniques will make variably operational in the manner previously discussed .
if eclecticism is to be a matter of principle , it can not apply independently at the level of [working] technique : it must apply at the level of appraisal which techniques will make variably [working] in the manner previously discussed .

But techniques are not goals in themselves , as they are in a training perspective ; they are the means for making ideas operational and subject to modification in the light of evaluation .
but techniques are not goals in themselves , as they are in a training perspective ; they are the means for making ideas [working] and subject to modification in the light of evaluation .

The original problem could then be reconsidered in the light of this appraisal and the next stage would be to move into application , making the ideas operational by the teacher 's devising activities in reference to given examples drawn from existing teaching materials .
the original problem could then be reconsidered in the light of this appraisal and the next stage would be to move into application , making the ideas [working] by the teacher 's devising activities in reference to given examples drawn from existing teaching materials .

Board decisions fall into three categories — strategic direction , managing change and operational management — and each category needs very different information .
board decisions fall into three categories — strategic direction , managing change and [working] management — and each category needs very different information .

Operational management is about continuous improvement — how to get there quicker and safer .
[working] management is about continuous improvement — how to get there quicker and safer .

Although executives ' roles span all these categories , the evidence highlights the fact that companies too often concentrate on the internal , financially-based operational information to the detriment of strategic and change-management information .
although executives ' roles span all these categories , the evidence highlights the fact that companies too often concentrate on the internal , financially-based [working] information to the detriment of strategic and change-management information .

Its design was clearly led by operational managers , with academics and consultants in a supporting role .
its design was clearly led by [working] managers , with academics and consultants in a supporting role .

Our theory states that sex differences in life history trade-offs produce , and are produced by , biased adult and operational sex ratios .
our theory states that sex differences in life history trade-offs produce , and are produced by , biased adult and [working] sex ratios .

This pathway is fully operational in germ cells , where it has been implicated in both fertilization and early development .
this pathway is fully [working] in germ cells , where it has been implicated in both fertilization and early development .

The last is not fully operational yet ; the hope is to undertake a wide range of light assembly work on outside contracts .
the last is not fully [working] yet ; the hope is to undertake a wide range of light assembly work on outside contracts .

Correctionalist criminologists , of all varieties , join all the other agents of social control that capitalism utilises to patch itself up and keep its exploitative machinations justified and operational .
correctionalist criminologists , of all varieties , join all the other agents of social control that capitalism utilises to patch itself up and keep its exploitative machinations justified and [working] .

Although Strathclyde 's operational costs were met , the region is still negotiating with the Scottish Office and Orkney Council over the subsequent legal and administrative costs of the inquiry , estimated at about £450,000 .
although strathclyde 's [working] costs were met , the region is still negotiating with the scottish office and orkney council over the subsequent legal and administrative costs of the inquiry , estimated at about £450,000 .

Top officials like Norman Steisel , the deputy mayor in operational charge of the city , are proud of City Hall 's financial management .
top officials like norman steisel , the deputy mayor in [working] charge of the city , are proud of city hall 's financial management .

The lack of fully operational IPPs , which could have provided a safeguard against inconsistency , adds to workers ' anxiety that Elizabeth and Helen are being let down .
the lack of fully [working] ipps , which could have provided a safeguard against inconsistency , adds to workers ' anxiety that elizabeth and helen are being let down .

Base remains in full operational readiness .
base remains in full [working] readiness .

Is it operational ?
is it [working] ?

The Lottery is now likely to be operational by 1994 and all those interested in benefiting from its considerable financial fall-out will need to tender their proposals early .
the lottery is now likely to be [working] by 1994 and all those interested in benefiting from its considerable financial fall-out will need to tender their proposals early .

Even so far as the Regulation is concerned , which may be operational in less than three months , several questions remain open .
even so far as the regulation is concerned , which may be [working] in less than three months , several questions remain open .

Spitzer is obsessed with the visualisation of time — be it , as in ‘ Hannover Relevator ’ ( 1990/91 ) , by installing a vertical steel construction bearing an operational conveyor-belt in a bank building or , as in ‘ Powder Tower ’ ( a medieval defence construction used to store munitions ) , by concealing an industrial robot in the roof structure , which drops the most diverse objects , one after another , into waiting water containers .
spitzer is obsessed with the visualisation of time — be it , as in ‘ hannover relevator ’ ( 1990/91 ) , by installing a vertical steel construction bearing an [working] conveyor-belt in a bank building or , as in ‘ powder tower ’ ( a medieval defence construction used to store munitions ) , by concealing an industrial robot in the roof structure , which drops the most diverse objects , one after another , into waiting water containers .

Author Alan , who was with the unit throughout its operational career , has collected and researched a series of fascinating contributions from unit members building up to a comprehensive and highly readable work .
author alan , who was with the unit throughout its [working] career , has collected and researched a series of fascinating contributions from unit members building up to a comprehensive and highly readable work .

On average the crews served a nine to twelve month operational tour , but as the emergency wore on it was not unusual to see operational aircrews flying on combat missions for two , or more , years .
on average the crews served a nine to twelve month [working] tour , but as the emergency wore on it was not unusual to see [working] aircrews flying on combat missions for two , or more , years .

Thomas started operational duties with the Beaufort , initially on mine-laying , but on September 11 he , with four other aircraft , carried out the first torpedo attack to be made by 22 Squadron with Beaufort aircraft .
thomas started [working] duties with the beaufort , initially on mine-laying , but on september 11 he , with four other aircraft , carried out the first torpedo attack to be made by 22 squadron with beaufort aircraft .

If ergonomics was confined to , say , the determination of the physical dimensions of the work-space then it would be more readily accepted by traditional designers , but the broad claim that ergonomics has a contribution to make to every design and operational aspect which involves the behaviour of people is a proposition which it is much more difficult for an engineer or other designer to digest ( fig .
if ergonomics was confined to , say , the determination of the physical dimensions of the work-space then it would be more readily accepted by traditional designers , but the broad claim that ergonomics has a contribution to make to every design and [working] aspect which involves the behaviour of people is a proposition which it is much more difficult for an engineer or other designer to digest ( fig .

Even if there is no dependence on human performance in the on-line operational mode it is bound to exist in the maintenance mode .
even if there is no dependence on human performance in the on-line [working] mode it is bound to exist in the maintenance mode .

Finally it must be accepted that technological and operational expertise is never complete .
finally it must be accepted that technological and [working] expertise is never complete .

1.2 shows the essentials of the system design process but since feed-back paths are omitted this figure does not indicate either the repetition and iteration which goes on in operational design or the different possible priorities and variability in the order of decision-making .
1.2 shows the essentials of the system design process but since feed-back paths are omitted this figure does not indicate either the repetition and iteration which goes on in [working] design or the different possible priorities and variability in the order of decision-making .

Operational experience of real systems design reinforces doubts about the allocation of function concept as a basis for a unitary systematic procedure .
[working] experience of real systems design reinforces doubts about the allocation of function concept as a basis for a unitary systematic procedure .

For systems which have evolved on the basis of operational experience rather than those which have been created by a formal design process , job analysis rather than task analysis may be the starting point of human factors studies .
for systems which have evolved on the basis of [working] experience rather than those which have been created by a formal design process , job analysis rather than task analysis may be the starting point of human factors studies .

It is also desirable to have the possibility of shifting staff between design and operational duties .
it is also desirable to have the possibility of shifting staff between design and [working] duties .

In view of the universality and range of the interview situation it is not surprising that there has been extensive research , but for the same reasons the research is of little operational consequence .
in view of the universality and range of the interview situation it is not surprising that there has been extensive research , but for the same reasons the research is of little [working] consequence .

The remit of the training scheme and those responsible for it may end at the transition point to operational activity or may continue in those periods of work regarded as a continuation of training and supervised as such .
the remit of the training scheme and those responsible for it may end at the transition point to [working] activity or may continue in those periods of work regarded as a continuation of training and supervised as such .

The centre will be fully operational early in January to meet the needs of the less abled .
the centre will be fully [working] early in january to meet the needs of the less abled .

The basin is now operational , with no risk of drips , , .
the basin is now [working] , with no risk of drips , , .

This is more ambitious and outrageous than its use for day-to-day covert operational functions such as securing and controlling well-placed informers and agents .
this is more ambitious and outrageous than its use for day-to-day covert [working] functions such as securing and controlling well-placed informers and agents .

So rather than covering entire platforms , we may use a design at a focal point within a station , but not where it clashes with the operational side of things .
so rather than covering entire platforms , we may use a design at a focal point within a station , but not where it clashes with the [working] side of things .

5.2 The Project Manager shall also be responsible setting up and maintaining a mechanism by which operational changes in the Project thought necessary by any of the Parties are submitted to the Project Committee for approval .
5.2 the project manager shall also be responsible setting up and maintaining a mechanism by which [working] changes in the project thought necessary by any of the parties are submitted to the project committee for approval .

The chief difficulty with the state autonomy thesis is not the emphasis upon the sui generis basis of organizational or bureaucratic power but the lack of any clear operational distinction between what counts as ‘ the state ’ and what counts as ‘ society ’ .
the chief difficulty with the state autonomy thesis is not the emphasis upon the sui generis basis of organizational or bureaucratic power but the lack of any clear [working] distinction between what counts as ‘ the state ’ and what counts as ‘ society ’ .

Their solution was of course a key objective of the Powick project , which was still at an early operational stage in 1979 .
their solution was of course a key objective of the powick project , which was still at an early [working] stage in 1979 .

In 1979 an operational researcher was brought in from the academic world to look at the use being made of Exminster .
in 1979 an [working] researcher was brought in from the academic world to look at the use being made of exminster .

The police may withhold this information for ‘ operational ’ or forensic reasons .
the police may withhold this information for ‘ [working] ’ or forensic reasons .

Investigating the operational aspects of lithium batteries will be an important aspect of your work which will also include assessing other power sources with potential for wider application in domestic gas systems .
investigating the [working] aspects of lithium batteries will be an important aspect of your work which will also include assessing other power sources with potential for wider application in domestic gas systems .

Working alongside internal or external suppliers , you will develop and present cost-effective programmes such as induction training or operational modules .
working alongside internal or external suppliers , you will develop and present cost-effective programmes such as induction training or [working] modules .

The locomotive will be operational throughout the two days from 11.15 to 4.15pm .
the locomotive will be [working] throughout the two days from 11.15 to 4.15pm .

It is still operational , and to see a ship gliding through fields and woodlands between steep mountain slopes can be quite startling .
it is still [working] , and to see a ship gliding through fields and woodlands between steep mountain slopes can be quite startling .

On the other hand , if one can not predict the behavior , one could take that as an operational definition that the organism has free will .
on the other hand , if one can not predict the behavior , one could take that as an [working] definition that the organism has free will .

The practical problems Mrs Smith and Mrs Jones are both experiencing are a result of operational difficulties in the way the services are organized and delivered in the community .
the practical problems mrs smith and mrs jones are both experiencing are a result of [working] difficulties in the way the services are organized and delivered in the community .

These proposals for ‘ top-down ’ changes , which effectively sought to redraw the service boundaries , would probably achieve little , however , unless the real operational problems of delivering the service to individual clients were also tackled .
these proposals for ‘ top-down ’ changes , which effectively sought to redraw the service boundaries , would probably achieve little , however , unless the real [working] problems of delivering the service to individual clients were also tackled .

Fortunately , the practical operational problems were addressed in the next important report to be published .
fortunately , the practical [working] problems were addressed in the next important report to be published .

( j ) If the work is defective the time spent by the operative in rectification should be included in the operational time .
( j ) if the work is defective the time spent by the operative in rectification should be included in the [working] time .

Elemental , annotated or operational bills may be of greater value but the most reliable system is to take off the quantities from the drawings .
elemental , annotated or [working] bills may be of greater value but the most reliable system is to take off the quantities from the drawings .

He was working at a distinct operational disadvantage , but he reckoned that this could be changed .
he was working at a distinct [working] disadvantage , but he reckoned that this could be changed .

There was still a role for central economic management , in Medvedev 's view , but it should be of a wholly strategic kind , leaving operational decisions to the enterprises themselves as ‘ socialist commodity producers ’ .
there was still a role for central economic management , in medvedev 's view , but it should be of a wholly strategic kind , leaving [working] decisions to the enterprises themselves as ‘ socialist commodity producers ’ .

Although looseknit networks are difficult to handle at the operational level , at the level of theory they are likely to be important .
although looseknit networks are difficult to handle at the [working] level , at the level of theory they are likely to be important .

While no operational difficulties were reported during SeaDocs ' experiment , and while the fees per registration fluctuated between only $ 300 and $ 500 , SeaDocs failed to attract a sufficient number of traders and financial institutions to survive .
while no [working] difficulties were reported during seadocs ' experiment , and while the fees per registration fluctuated between only $ 300 and $ 500 , seadocs failed to attract a sufficient number of traders and financial institutions to survive .

Let us now return to Table 11.1 and look at the operational details and financial situation of the companies mentioned there in greater detail .
let us now return to table 11.1 and look at the [working] details and financial situation of the companies mentioned there in greater detail .

As far as operational details are concerned perhaps the most interesting feature is the way tour operators are usually part of larger , more diversified , groups .
as far as [working] details are concerned perhaps the most interesting feature is the way tour operators are usually part of larger , more diversified , groups .

The other main operational feature that Table 11.1 highlights is the way most of the big firms are associated with an airline .
the other main [working] feature that table 11.1 highlights is the way most of the big firms are associated with an airline .

But we can then distinguish between two kinds of study : ( a ) operational studies , often not generally published , which study effects as indicators of internal policy and marketing decisions — ‘ attitude ’ surveys in market research ; studies of responses to programmes in broadcasting research ; private political polling on ‘ issues ’ ; and ( b ) critical research , in which the effects of programmes showing violence or of political broadcasting or other distinguishable kinds of production are assessed for both specific and general social effect , often in response to an expressed public concern .
but we can then distinguish between two kinds of study : ( a ) [working] studies , often not generally published , which study effects as indicators of internal policy and marketing decisions — ‘ attitude ’ surveys in market research ; studies of responses to programmes in broadcasting research ; private political polling on ‘ issues ’ ; and ( b ) critical research , in which the effects of programmes showing violence or of political broadcasting or other distinguishable kinds of production are assessed for both specific and general social effect , often in response to an expressed public concern .

In other groups subsidiaries or divisions may have a considerable degree of autonomy in operational matters ; in these cases the role of the parent board is that of an allocator of capital , rewarding successful operating units with funds for expansion and curtailing or restructuring the activities of those whose performance is weak .
in other groups subsidiaries or divisions may have a considerable degree of autonomy in [working] matters ; in these cases the role of the parent board is that of an allocator of capital , rewarding successful operating units with funds for expansion and curtailing or restructuring the activities of those whose performance is weak .

Their function is in general to supplement the skills and experience of the management team , often by bringing a more dispassionate understanding to bear on strategic and operational matters .
their function is in general to supplement the skills and experience of the management team , often by bringing a more dispassionate understanding to bear on strategic and [working] matters .

This violates the code , this goes against what you originally decided were your operational parameters .
this violates the code , this goes against what you originally decided were your [working] parameters .

One can see that the natural sciences are in the main concerned with the ‘ knowing ’ of physical , chemical and biological ‘ objects ’ in a largely ‘ normal ’ or operational mode .
one can see that the natural sciences are in the main concerned with the ‘ knowing ’ of physical , chemical and biological ‘ objects ’ in a largely ‘ normal ’ or [working] mode .

It has already been made clear that the definition of a ‘ professional ’ degree course being adopted here is an operational rather than conceptual one : it is a course which has a consistent and fairly exclusive relationship with a particular occupation , exclusive in that graduates from such courses tend not to go into other occupations , and in that entry to that occupation is largely or wholly restricted to graduates from such courses .
it has already been made clear that the definition of a ‘ professional ’ degree course being adopted here is an [working] rather than conceptual one : it is a course which has a consistent and fairly exclusive relationship with a particular occupation , exclusive in that graduates from such courses tend not to go into other occupations , and in that entry to that occupation is largely or wholly restricted to graduates from such courses .

Their argument is subtle , depends heavily on examples , and is therefore difficult to summarize , but is based essentially on the idea that practice itself generates approaches , artistries , strategies and operational ( as distinct from espoused ) theories and concepts which together constitute a kind of knowledge which is general without being abstract .
their argument is subtle , depends heavily on examples , and is therefore difficult to summarize , but is based essentially on the idea that practice itself generates approaches , artistries , strategies and [working] ( as distinct from espoused ) theories and concepts which together constitute a kind of knowledge which is general without being abstract .

Before 1980 , managerial expertise was concentrated in technical areas , the operation of complex chemical and manufacturing processes ; operational management regarded finance and marketing as secondary to their primary functions .
before 1980 , managerial expertise was concentrated in technical areas , the operation of complex chemical and manufacturing processes ; [working] management regarded finance and marketing as secondary to their primary functions .

Cultural change in divisional and operational managements was accelerated not only through their crucial role in the participative process of work reorganization but also by the widening of their responsibilities to include important plant-level finance and marketing decisions .
cultural change in divisional and [working] managements was accelerated not only through their crucial role in the participative process of work reorganization but also by the widening of their responsibilities to include important plant-level finance and marketing decisions .

These antidotes to scientific management were aimed at two management problem areas , concerning moral and operational issues , respectively .
these antidotes to scientific management were aimed at two management problem areas , concerning moral and [working] issues , respectively .

improvements to operational logistics ;
improvements to [working] logistics ;

Knowledge of the business is more rooted in substantive criteria of operational intimacy rather than merely rational techniques .
knowledge of the business is more rooted in substantive criteria of [working] intimacy rather than merely rational techniques .

Moscovici 's defence refers to the destructive power of operational definitions to restrict intellectual advance .
moscovici 's defence refers to the destructive power of [working] definitions to restrict intellectual advance .

It is this decision which will affect the size , scope and financing of the enterprise , and determine other operational criteria .
it is this decision which will affect the size , scope and financing of the enterprise , and determine other [working] criteria .

For piaget , cognitive development consists of a series of stages in which these two processes advance asymmetrically , but with the mature phase of what he called ‘ operational thought ’ only becoming possible when a balance or equilibrium has been achieved between them .
for piaget , cognitive development consists of a series of stages in which these two processes advance asymmetrically , but with the mature phase of what he called ‘ [working] thought ’ only becoming possible when a balance or equilibrium has been achieved between them .

In these later stages , the earlier stress on accommodation and the later stress on assimilation come into equilibrium , attaining the reciprocity and balance of fully operational thought .
in these later stages , the earlier stress on accommodation and the later stress on assimilation come into equilibrium , attaining the reciprocity and balance of fully [working] thought .

The final outcome of the stages of development outlined by Piaget is also utopian , in so far as he links formal operational thought with the structure of the ‘ real ’ world .
the final outcome of the stages of development outlined by piaget is also utopian , in so far as he links formal [working] thought with the structure of the ‘ real ’ world .

Like absolute knowledge , operational thought is conceived of as representing the final balance between the processes of externalization ( assimilation as projection ) and embodiment ( accommodation as introjection ) , which have been held in asymmetrical relations in all previous stages .
like absolute knowledge , [working] thought is conceived of as representing the final balance between the processes of externalization ( assimilation as projection ) and embodiment ( accommodation as introjection ) , which have been held in asymmetrical relations in all previous stages .

It is also a tool for management , because a budget , as an operational budget , specifies either directly or implicitly the cost , time and nature of expected results .
it is also a tool for management , because a budget , as an [working] budget , specifies either directly or implicitly the cost , time and nature of expected results .

In operational terms , it leads to the determination of the national growth and investment goals … Second , a major function of the budget is to promote macroeconomic balance in the economy .
in [working] terms , it leads to the determination of the national growth and investment goals … second , a major function of the budget is to promote macroeconomic balance in the economy .

For this purpose the Defence Operational Analysis Establishment was formed , thereby bringing together specialist staff from the three service departments .
for this purpose the defence [working] analysis establishment was formed , thereby bringing together specialist staff from the three service departments .

Although the operational framework may differ , the opportunity cost of capital is equally relevant to investment decisions in the public sector .
although the [working] framework may differ , the opportunity cost of capital is equally relevant to investment decisions in the public sector .

It is necessary to relate financial requirements , operational performance and quality of service .
it is necessary to relate financial requirements , [working] performance and quality of service .

promote operational efficiency ; and
promote [working] efficiency ; and

Punishment is an unsatisfactory operational philosophy because it risks damage to the ultimate end of enforcement , and control of the case does not remain in their hands .
punishment is an unsatisfactory [working] philosophy because it risks damage to the ultimate end of enforcement , and control of the case does not remain in their hands .

Surely the fact that teachers are at the ‘ formal operational ’ stage does not mean that they prefer to discuss at an abstract level !
surely the fact that teachers are at the ‘ formal [working] ’ stage does not mean that they prefer to discuss at an abstract level !

The intention was to gain some insight into ‘ the whole curriculum at operational level ’ .
the intention was to gain some insight into ‘ the whole curriculum at [working] level ’ .

On the evening of 13 May on top of all his other preoccupations particularly the dangerously weak operational position of his Corps Gen Keightley suddenly found himself threatened by the possibility that within 48 hours Carinthia would be swamped by a further huge mass of some 600,000 surrendered personnel and refugees , without food .
on the evening of 13 may on top of all his other preoccupations particularly the dangerously weak [working] position of his corps gen keightley suddenly found himself threatened by the possibility that within 48 hours carinthia would be swamped by a further huge mass of some 600,000 surrendered personnel and refugees , without food .

But as operational Planning began , and the Prospect of the hand-overs came into clearer focus , questions had begun to be asked as to whether all these formations were in fact liable to repatriation .
but as [working] planning began , and the prospect of the hand-overs came into clearer focus , questions had begun to be asked as to whether all these formations were in fact liable to repatriation .

In general , the overwhelming impression given by the 21 May Definition Order is that was intended , for operational purposes , to lay down certain very general but firm guidelines , to ensure that a difficult operation should proceed with as little complication as possible .
in general , the overwhelming impression given by the 21 may definition order is that was intended , for [working] purposes , to lay down certain very general but firm guidelines , to ensure that a difficult operation should proceed with as little complication as possible .

— the operational skills available among the staff ;
— the [working] skills available among the staff ;

The presumption of guilt … is the operational expression of that confidence .
the presumption of guilt … is the [working] expression of that confidence .

That , he reflected , was what happened when the Navy was persuaded to hand over operational as well as administrative control of a ship to a pack of civilians .
that , he reflected , was what happened when the navy was persuaded to hand over [working] as well as administrative control of a ship to a pack of civilians .

He was carefully tactful about his appearance in the ship 's operational areas .
he was carefully tactful about his appearance in the ship 's [working] areas .

The clean up to which Mr Bagnall referred has been physical ( refurbishment , rebadging and refitting ) , operational , and strategic .
the clean up to which mr bagnall referred has been physical ( refurbishment , rebadging and refitting ) , [working] , and strategic .

At the operational level , stock turn improved again last year , from 3 to 3.25 times , and the staff/sales ratio ( payroll as a percentage of sales ) was reduced from 14.6 % to 13.4 % .
at the [working] level , stock turn improved again last year , from 3 to 3.25 times , and the staff/sales ratio ( payroll as a percentage of sales ) was reduced from 14.6 % to 13.4 % .

Sales and operational manager David Taylor said the popularity of the Mappin Street shop had helped the group to secure the tenancy of the new shop .
sales and [working] manager david taylor said the popularity of the mappin street shop had helped the group to secure the tenancy of the new shop .

Clearly an innovating minister has to find ways to get a vast operational organization to change its ways .
clearly an innovating minister has to find ways to get a vast [working] organization to change its ways .

Looking to the future , while the Social Security Act 1986 ( operational from 1988 ) does not affect current pensioners or employees nearing retirement , it has profound implications for younger people ( see Groves , 1991 ) .
looking to the future , while the social security act 1986 ( [working] from 1988 ) does not affect current pensioners or employees nearing retirement , it has profound implications for younger people ( see groves , 1991 ) .

In operational terms , someone has a need for health care if he or she has the appropriate indications for the intervention in question .
in [working] terms , someone has a need for health care if he or she has the appropriate indications for the intervention in question .

Such a typology , and the implied differences in operational style , appears to have some general relevance .
such a typology , and the implied differences in [working] style , appears to have some general relevance .

It is appropriate to ask , then , about what is going on here in terms of the organisational and operational dynamics of teams .
it is appropriate to ask , then , about what is going on here in terms of the organisational and [working] dynamics of teams .

These problems may be recited in a familiar litany cited for all service sectors concerned with all dependency groups : services are remote from individuals and their families ; services are difficult for families and clients to get in touch with or access ; services are organisationally and professionallY fragmented , So that families and clients are unclear about who was doing what ; furthermore , services are unconnected or discontinuous , so that families and clients fall into gaps between services ; finally , the statutory agencies were not able to liaise extensively with voluntary or informal care networks However , these general observations do not point precisely to operational tasks .
these problems may be recited in a familiar litany cited for all service sectors concerned with all dependency groups : services are remote from individuals and their families ; services are difficult for families and clients to get in touch with or access ; services are organisationally and professionally fragmented , so that families and clients are unclear about who was doing what ; furthermore , services are unconnected or discontinuous , so that families and clients fall into gaps between services ; finally , the statutory agencies were not able to liaise extensively with voluntary or informal care networks however , these general observations do not point precisely to [working] tasks .

Thus , many community mental handicap teams have devised absurdly ambitious operational policies which attempt to do all things for all persons .
thus , many community mental handicap teams have devised absurdly ambitious [working] policies which attempt to do all things for all persons .

This may be an entirely uncontentious outline of the process of delivering care to individuals , although it conceals the profound organisational and operational difficulties of devising appropriate mechanisms and relationships to ensure that it happens .
this may be an entirely uncontentious outline of the process of delivering care to individuals , although it conceals the profound organisational and [working] difficulties of devising appropriate mechanisms and relationships to ensure that it happens .

But , if service development and service delivery are the broad ambitions for community mental handicap teams , the selection of operational priorities and the creation of operational procedures for supporting joint work has been more difficult .
but , if service development and service delivery are the broad ambitions for community mental handicap teams , the selection of [working] priorities and the creation of [working] procedures for supporting joint work has been more difficult .

If there has been little precise guidance to team members about the professional relationships and operational procedures to be followed , so , equally , there has been little guidance about their relationship to the rest of the service system .
if there has been little precise guidance to team members about the professional relationships and [working] procedures to be followed , so , equally , there has been little guidance about their relationship to the rest of the service system .

There are also signs that CMHTs have begun to develop a range of operational practices which pragmatically limit their responsibilities from the ( usually over-ambitious ) remits which they are given .
there are also signs that cmhts have begun to develop a range of [working] practices which pragmatically limit their responsibilities from the ( usually over-ambitious ) remits which they are given .

In this light , the attempts by CMHTs to develop realistic operational objectives may be seen as a process by which the respective priorities and range of expectations of the agencies providing community support services are more clearly specified .
in this light , the attempts by cmhts to develop realistic [working] objectives may be seen as a process by which the respective priorities and range of expectations of the agencies providing community support services are more clearly specified .

The second project is not yet operational but staff are to be interviewed shortly .
the second project is not yet [working] but staff are to be interviewed shortly .

Two community psychogeriatric teams with similar operational policies in an inner London health district .
two community psychogeriatric teams with similar [working] policies in an inner london health district .

The teams have similar operational policies , including an open referral system , and accept cases from a wide range of agencies .
the teams have similar [working] policies , including an open referral system , and accept cases from a wide range of agencies .

This is not to belittle the benefits to investors in book manufacturing and bookselling of operational efficiency , strong financial disciplines and commercial alertness .
this is not to belittle the benefits to investors in book manufacturing and bookselling of [working] efficiency , strong financial disciplines and commercial alertness .

At the new airline 's operational headquarters — a small warehouse at Lowfield Heath , near Gatwick — recruitment of aircrews began .
at the new airline 's [working] headquarters — a small warehouse at lowfield heath , near gatwick — recruitment of aircrews began .

Clearly , it must be a matter for policy and operational decision by the police as to how they reconcile and balance the need on the one hand to bring an individual offender swiftly to book and deter crime , and on the other , the desirability of apprehending a larger number of offenders and recovering property .
clearly , it must be a matter for policy and [working] decision by the police as to how they reconcile and balance the need on the one hand to bring an individual offender swiftly to book and deter crime , and on the other , the desirability of apprehending a larger number of offenders and recovering property .

Budgetary planning and control is used as the framework for detailed operational planning and control .
budgetary planning and control is used as the framework for detailed [working] planning and control .

5 ) Explanatory forecasting techniques 5.1 ) Operational research models 5.2 ) Management System Dynamics 5.3 ) Macroeconomic and econometric forecasting
5 ) explanatory forecasting techniques 5.1 ) [working] research models 5.2 ) management system dynamics 5.3 ) macroeconomic and econometric forecasting

Explanatory techniques operational research management system dynamics macroeconomic and econometric forecasting
explanatory techniques [working] research management system dynamics macroeconomic and econometric forecasting

These are based on : * operational research models , including management system dynamics ; * macroeconomic/econometric models .
these are based on : * [working] research models , including management system dynamics ; * macroeconomic/econometric models .

5.1 ) Operational research models .
5.1 ) [working] research models .

The choice of sales and market forecasting method will — depend on a number of factors , including : a ) Forecasting objectives : within the context of this book , the objective of the forecasting process will mainly be to assist marketing planning and , as outlined in Chapter Seven , to co-ordinate operational and budgetary planning with anticipated levels of sales .
the choice of sales and market forecasting method will — depend on a number of factors , including : a ) forecasting objectives : within the context of this book , the objective of the forecasting process will mainly be to assist marketing planning and , as outlined in chapter seven , to co-ordinate [working] and budgetary planning with anticipated levels of sales .

This is why the annual sales forecast that `` drives `` operational and budgetary planning may be subject to monthly revisions , thereby minimising the impact of forecasting error .
this is why the annual sales forecast that `` drives `` [working] and budgetary planning may be subject to monthly revisions , thereby minimising the impact of forecasting error .

The sales forecast is then used to `` drive `` the annual marketing , operational and budgetary planning process .
the sales forecast is then used to `` drive `` the annual marketing , [working] and budgetary planning process .

From this forecast market share a sales figure may be derived for operational and budgetary planning purposes .
from this forecast market share a sales figure may be derived for [working] and budgetary planning purposes .

These are likely to be more effective for marketing and operational planning purposes .
these are likely to be more effective for marketing and [working] planning purposes .

The Marketing Mix can be defined as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .
the marketing mix can be defined as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; [working] policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .

Operational and implementation elements ( for instance , should marketing management expect to be involved in the formulation of detailed advertising copy being undertaken by the company 's advertising agency ? )
[working] and implementation elements ( for instance , should marketing management expect to be involved in the formulation of detailed advertising copy being undertaken by the company 's advertising agency ? )

The Marketing Mix was defined in Section 1 above as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; operational policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .
the marketing mix was defined in section 1 above as the combination of detailed strategies ; tactics ; [working] policies , programmes , techniques and activities , to which resources may be allocated such that the company 's marketing objectives are achieved .

The operational station — the engineering workshop and so `` on which was previously accommodated within the bus station has been shunted off to a glorified shed on what can best be described as a piece of waste ground `` .
the [working] station — the engineering workshop and so `` on which was previously accommodated within the bus station has been shunted off to a glorified shed on what can best be described as a piece of waste ground `` .

They provide a basis for evaluating shorter-term budgets and prevent long-term aims from being forced aside by short-term operational needs .
they provide a basis for evaluating shorter-term budgets and prevent long-term aims from being forced aside by short-term [working] needs .

The overhead cameras were dead , the red wink of their operational lights switched off .
the overhead cameras were dead , the red wink of their [working] lights switched off .

Shaped curtains fitted to arched windows can not be operational .
shaped curtains fitted to arched windows can not be [working] .

Some tracks are treated with silicone to ensure smooth running , so an occasional polish with a silicone-based spray will help to keep them in good operational order .
some tracks are treated with silicone to ensure smooth running , so an occasional polish with a silicone-based spray will help to keep them in good [working] order .

Curtains for arched windows can not be fitted onto a conventional track , nor can they be operational in the sense that they can be drawn .
curtains for arched windows can not be fitted onto a conventional track , nor can they be [working] in the sense that they can be drawn .

Tie a length of cord to each of the lowest rings , placing the shortest length nearest the operational side .
tie a length of cord to each of the lowest rings , placing the shortest length nearest the [working] side .

Screw two screw-eyes to the underside of the batten to correspond with the two rows of vertical rings , and a third one close to the end of the batten on the operational side .
screw two screw-eyes to the underside of the batten to correspond with the two rows of vertical rings , and a third one close to the end of the batten on the [working] side .

Thread cord up through rings and corresponding screw-eyes and out to the operational side .
thread cord up through rings and corresponding screw-eyes and out to the [working] side .

Cut a length of cord for each vertical tape , twice its length plus the distance from tape to the operational side of the blind .
cut a length of cord for each vertical tape , twice its length plus the distance from tape to the [working] side of the blind .

The raw data are the basic facts and figures of operational life , such as output figures , hours worked , invoice values , part numbers etc .
the raw data are the basic facts and figures of [working] life , such as output figures , hours worked , invoice values , part numbers etc .

These techniques are often referred to as Operational Research , or Quantitative Techniques .
these techniques are often referred to as [working] research , or quantitative techniques .

In what ways can an Operational Research specialist contribute to the effectiveness of line managers ?
in what ways can an [working] research specialist contribute to the effectiveness of line managers ?

In order to cope with the increased diversity of decision-making required in these circumstances , several companies have introduced a matrix-type of structure , incorporating a number of operational roles , as in Figure 36.5 opposite .
in order to cope with the increased diversity of decision-making required in these circumstances , several companies have introduced a matrix-type of structure , incorporating a number of [working] roles , as in figure 36.5 opposite .

As in every matrix structure , the operational roles have reporting responsibilities to functional managers as well as to their immediate line managers .
as in every matrix structure , the [working] roles have reporting responsibilities to functional managers as well as to their immediate line managers .

The principal structural options open to marketing departments are ( a ) a functional structure , based on individual specialisms eg sales etc , and ( b ) a matrix structure , based on functional roles eg sales managers , market research managers etc and groups of operational roles eg product managers , market managers etc .
the principal structural options open to marketing departments are ( a ) a functional structure , based on individual specialisms eg sales etc , and ( b ) a matrix structure , based on functional roles eg sales managers , market research managers etc and groups of [working] roles eg product managers , market managers etc .

In 1989 , the World Association of Nuclear Operators was established to encourage exchange of information on operational safety and to initiate technical exchange visits between nuclear engineers to help improve safety standards .
in 1989 , the world association of nuclear operators was established to encourage exchange of information on [working] safety and to initiate technical exchange visits between nuclear engineers to help improve safety standards .

An operational System should be able to forecast , detect and react to dangerous pollution levels within a short period .
an [working] system should be able to forecast , detect and react to dangerous pollution levels within a short period .

Species should not , he believed , be defined in some operational way , based for instance on fertility .
species should not , he believed , be defined in some [working] way , based for instance on fertility .

Groups are now an integral part of most local authorities although operational styles vary enormously .
groups are now an integral part of most local authorities although [working] styles vary enormously .

The Act also established an Audit Commission for Local Authorities in England and Wales which became operational in 1983 .
the act also established an audit commission for local authorities in england and wales which became [working] in 1983 .

Furthermore , the time it takes for military expenditure to result in an operational arms system can be anything between ten or twenty years .
furthermore , the time it takes for military expenditure to result in an [working] arms system can be anything between ten or twenty years .

Although it has been operational for a while , it was only recently that Ski survey visited this slope , to attend a Peter Lightfoot ski course . We were impressed ( with both ! )
although it has been [working] for a while , it was only recently that ski survey visited this slope , to attend a peter lightfoot ski course . we were impressed ( with both ! )

Projects rarely develop in a totally predictable fashion and thus require close and detailed control both during the implementation phase and after they are fully operational .
projects rarely develop in a totally predictable fashion and thus require close and detailed control both during the implementation phase and after they are fully [working] .

In the 1930s , for example , planning had become involved in the problems of servicing development and mediating between conflicting interests as to how land should be used : an important operational advance from the earlier bridgehead of scheme preparation and interim development control .
in the 1930s , for example , planning had become involved in the problems of servicing development and mediating between conflicting interests as to how land should be used : an important [working] advance from the earlier bridgehead of scheme preparation and interim development control .

These systems have proved capable of meeting the specified operational requirements on a variety of fires in different categories of combustibles .
these systems have proved capable of meeting the specified [working] requirements on a variety of fires in different categories of combustibles .

Thus an operational and detailed equipment specification is developed before any actual building planning takes place and in this way it is possible to give the Architect a very clear brief of the functional relationships of each part of the total system .
thus an [working] and detailed equipment specification is developed before any actual building planning takes place and in this way it is possible to give the architect a very clear brief of the functional relationships of each part of the total system .

Discipline within ‘ high-bay ’ warehouse installations has to be clearly defined and unambiguous ; clearly understood by all staff with regard to both operational and maintenance procedures .
discipline within ‘ high-bay ’ warehouse installations has to be clearly defined and unambiguous ; clearly understood by all staff with regard to both [working] and maintenance procedures .

The fact that the system cost around £300,000 as compared to a traditional suppliers offer of £2.5 million and only took three months to design , install , train and make fully operational reflects well on the technology — even though the paper itself failed .
the fact that the system cost around £300,000 as compared to a traditional suppliers offer of £2.5 million and only took three months to design , install , train and make fully [working] reflects well on the technology — even though the paper itself failed .

management is an operational process , which can be understood by a close study of management functions ; and
management is an [working] process , which can be understood by a close study of management functions ; and

Many operational decisions can be programmed and a computer used to make them , instead of a manager .
many [working] decisions can be programmed and a computer used to make them , instead of a manager .

He also recognised that the major problem which faces any large multi- operational enterprise is the appropriate degree of centralisation or decentralisation of decision-making authority .
he also recognised that the major problem which faces any large multi- [working] enterprise is the appropriate degree of centralisation or decentralisation of decision-making authority .

Staff managers must be fully informed about the operational aspects of the business on which they are theoretical experts .
staff managers must be fully informed about the [working] aspects of the business on which they are theoretical experts .

Here , operational procedures have to be set down in advance in order to specify areas of accountability and standards of performance ; there must be a monitoring system to feed back information on performance to the right authority centres , and arrangements to correct operational activity in the light of any shortcomings .
here , [working] procedures have to be set down in advance in order to specify areas of accountability and standards of performance ; there must be a monitoring system to feed back information on performance to the right authority centres , and arrangements to correct [working] activity in the light of any shortcomings .

, that he would still be allowed a ‘ ration ’ of operational flights .
, that he would still be allowed a ‘ ration ’ of [working] flights .

In 1941 Williams became director of operational research at Coastal Command .
in 1941 williams became director of [working] research at coastal command .

In 1899 the London , Chatham and Dover and the South Eastern Railways were brought under the operational control of a joint managing committee and Sykes was appointed consulting electrical engineer to the new organization , in which capacity he continued until his death , having served the same railway for fifty-four years .
in 1899 the london , chatham and dover and the south eastern railways were brought under the [working] control of a joint managing committee and sykes was appointed consulting electrical engineer to the new organization , in which capacity he continued until his death , having served the same railway for fifty-four years .

For operational purposes , the ninety-five local authority control centres were co-ordinated through nine group centres , working through an efficient communications system to the London regional headquarters established in the Geological Museum in South Kensington .
for [working] purposes , the ninety-five local authority control centres were co-ordinated through nine group centres , working through an efficient communications system to the london regional headquarters established in the geological museum in south kensington .

Installation is simple , as the units merely need setting securely in position and the delivery hose from the pump inserted into the uppermost one before being fully operational .
installation is simple , as the units merely need setting securely in position and the delivery hose from the pump inserted into the uppermost one before being fully [working] .

The fact that Sunderby 's plane was en route for the American base at McMurdo made no difference except that the operational word was ‘ normally ’ .
the fact that sunderby 's plane was en route for the american base at mcmurdo made no difference except that the [working] word was ‘ normally ’ .

Perhaps even more significant for the globalization thesis have been changes in the operational strategy of many of the larger TNCs , involving both production and exchange .
perhaps even more significant for the globalization thesis have been changes in the [working] strategy of many of the larger tncs , involving both production and exchange .

To provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisition and allocation of resources on the achievement of operational objectives .
to provide information useful for planning and budgeting , and for predicting the impact of the acquisition and allocation of resources on the achievement of [working] objectives .

— Letting of Operational Property
— letting of [working] property

The first is called an Operational Standard and has five requirements :
the first is called an [working] standard and has five requirements :

Morphological systems which comprise morphological or formal instantaneous physical properties integrated to form a recognizable operational part of physical reality , with the strength and direction of connectivity revealed by correlation analysis .
morphological systems which comprise morphological or formal instantaneous physical properties integrated to form a recognizable [working] part of physical reality , with the strength and direction of connectivity revealed by correlation analysis .

Control systems are those where intelligence can intervene to produce operational changes in the distribution of energy and mass .
control systems are those where intelligence can intervene to produce [working] changes in the distribution of energy and mass .

Soviet spokesmen claim that the revised conditions governing American access to these bases since 1983 still permit the Americans ‘ unlimited possibilities to use the bases for their operational goals ’ .
soviet spokesmen claim that the revised conditions governing american access to these bases since 1983 still permit the americans ‘ unlimited possibilities to use the bases for their [working] goals ’ .

it enables decisions to be made closer to the operational level of work ;
it enables decisions to be made closer to the [working] level of work ;

We can ask , though , to what extent does it allow individuals to have ( a ) control over day-to-day operational matters ; ( b ) control/influence over strategic decisions ; ( c ) control over finance ?
we can ask , though , to what extent does it allow individuals to have ( a ) control over day-to-day [working] matters ; ( b ) control/influence over strategic decisions ; ( c ) control over finance ?

At a different level it may be the squad leader who has to define these overall goals in operational terms and who has to lead the squad in battle .
at a different level it may be the squad leader who has to define these overall goals in [working] terms and who has to lead the squad in battle .

In the same way the Chief Superintendent of Police may be concerned to define strategic goals for the police force as a whole while the individual police constable may need to exercise leadership in an operational situation and direct others in that situation .
in the same way the chief superintendent of police may be concerned to define strategic goals for the police force as a whole while the individual police constable may need to exercise leadership in an [working] situation and direct others in that situation .

There are situations , like the operational one that the police find themselves in , where an individual has to take the lead .
there are situations , like the [working] one that the police find themselves in , where an individual has to take the lead .

Thus , for example , in a police operational matter it may well be that one individual must make a decision and make that decision quickly .
thus , for example , in a police [working] matter it may well be that one individual must make a decision and make that decision quickly .

The new configuration must be fully operational by Sunday 14 March 1993
the new configuration must be fully [working] by sunday 14 march 1993

Because of the density of traffic on this railway and its high operational speed most of the construction work had to be carried out during possessions of the track .
because of the density of traffic on this railway and its high [working] speed most of the construction work had to be carried out during possessions of the track .

Training is locally based and responsive to local operational needs .
training is locally based and responsive to local [working] needs .

Part of our operational policy is that we offer facilities to outside groups and individuals on an understanding that our members have access to an active involvement in what 's going on .
part of our [working] policy is that we offer facilities to outside groups and individuals on an understanding that our members have access to an active involvement in what 's going on .

This edition builds upon the First Edition issued in early 1988 and takes account of reports on the operational experience of violence in the Department since that date .
this edition builds upon the first edition issued in early 1988 and takes account of reports on the [working] experience of violence in the department since that date .

Sign Maintenance : emergency procedures for sign replacement are fully operational through Inroads ( the Council 's Direct Labour Organisation for roads ) .
sign maintenance : emergency procedures for sign replacement are fully [working] through inroads ( the council 's direct labour organisation for roads ) .

The tennis club has been informed that there is every possibility that the courts will be operational this summer .
the tennis club has been informed that there is every possibility that the courts will be [working] this summer .

Neighbourhood Watch The Belmont Road Neighbourhood Watch is now fully operational .
neighbourhood watch the belmont road neighbourhood watch is now fully [working] .

Operational highlights
[working] highlights

Another example in which modelling surpasses the limitations of physical testing is the space industry , which relies heavily on electromagnetic modelling of antennas because of the impracticality of making adjustments once equipment is operational .
another example in which modelling surpasses the limitations of physical testing is the space industry , which relies heavily on electromagnetic modelling of antennas because of the impracticality of making adjustments once equipment is [working] .

Environmental Assessment of the Dyfed Gwynedd Powys Operational Programme Projects
environmental assessment of the dyfed gwynedd powys [working] programme projects

They would also guide the revision and updating of Integrated Development Operational Programmes .
they would also guide the revision and updating of integrated development [working] programmes .

However , once the licence to sink an exploratory well was awarded to the Hamilton Oil Company , we tried to ensure that it honoured the conditions attached to the licence , prepared an adequate oil spill contingency plan and designed an operational programme which minimised the risks to the environment .
however , once the licence to sink an exploratory well was awarded to the hamilton oil company , we tried to ensure that it honoured the conditions attached to the licence , prepared an adequate oil spill contingency plan and designed an [working] programme which minimised the risks to the environment .

Despite all its fine sentiments , however , the main weakness in the guidance is its lack of clear operational advice on development plan policies and on the matters to be weighed in planning decisions .
despite all its fine sentiments , however , the main weakness in the guidance is its lack of clear [working] advice on development plan policies and on the matters to be weighed in planning decisions .

This morning the shooting of another farmer and his son is reported from the ever enlarging operational area .
this morning the shooting of another farmer and his son is reported from the ever enlarging [working] area .

This would mean that none of the plants would close until the late 1990s , and that the most modern , Wylfa , would remain operational until 2005 .
this would mean that none of the plants would close until the late 1990s , and that the most modern , wylfa , would remain [working] until 2005 .

explanations of operational performance in the form of :
explanations of [working] performance in the form of :

The scheme is only operational in England but may eventually be extended to Scotland and Wales .
the scheme is only [working] in england but may eventually be extended to scotland and wales .

She had three years as an Operational Research Assistant for British Rail , then was ‘ hijacked into teaching Maths ’ in Nairobi when her husband was moved there , then retrained as a secretary .
she had three years as an [working] research assistant for british rail , then was ‘ hijacked into teaching maths ’ in nairobi when her husband was moved there , then retrained as a secretary .

It receives a substantial recurrent grant from the University , which covers its operational overheads .
it receives a substantial recurrent grant from the university , which covers its [working] overheads .

His operational flying looked as promising as his civilian flying had , until he went on a night bombing raid over Constantinople .
his [working] flying looked as promising as his civilian flying had , until he went on a night bombing raid over constantinople .

All of this does not mitigate well for a prospective owner to take on the airframe in an easily-delivered and/or operational manner .
all of this does not mitigate well for a prospective owner to take on the airframe in an easily-delivered and/or [working] manner .

This permissive power should be used , in regard to either operational development or material changes of use , only where planning reasons clearly warrant such action , and there is no alternative to enforcement proceedings .
this permissive power should be used , in regard to either [working] development or material changes of use , only where planning reasons clearly warrant such action , and there is no alternative to enforcement proceedings .

Statutory undertakers wishing to carry out development which is neither ‘ permitted development ’ nor authorised by a government department have to apply for planning permission to the local planning authority in the normal way , but in the case of ‘ operational land ’ appeals are considered jointly by the secretary of state and the ‘ appropriate minister ’ .
statutory undertakers wishing to carry out development which is neither ‘ permitted development ’ nor authorised by a government department have to apply for planning permission to the local planning authority in the normal way , but in the case of ‘ [working] land ’ appeals are considered jointly by the secretary of state and the ‘ appropriate minister ’ .

( ‘ Operational land ' is land which , in respect of its nature and situation , is not ‘ comparable with land in general ’ .
( ‘ [working] land ' is land which , in respect of its nature and situation , is not ‘ comparable with land in general ’ .

This is a rather imprecise definition , but land used for railway sidings or a gas works is operational land whereas land used for showrooms or offices is not . )
this is a rather imprecise definition , but land used for railway sidings or a gas works is [working] land whereas land used for showrooms or offices is not . )

Operational income has increased from £1.701 m to £1.792 m and expenditure has risen from £1.643 m to £1.754 m .
[working] income has increased from £1.701 m to £1.792 m and expenditure has risen from £1.643 m to £1.754 m .

Operational balances in the Bank of England are like the banks ' own current accounts and are used for clearing purposes .
[working] balances in the bank of england are like the banks ' own current accounts and are used for clearing purposes .

The amount that banks hold in cash and operational balances is up to them and depends on the demand for cash that they expect from their customers .
the amount that banks hold in cash and [working] balances is up to them and depends on the demand for cash that they expect from their customers .

Operational balances with the Bank of England .
[working] balances with the bank of england .

The bankers ' deposits item in the balance sheet refers to the cash ratio and operational balances of the banks .
the bankers ' deposits item in the balance sheet refers to the cash ratio and [working] balances of the banks .

As we have seen , the operational balances are used for clearing purposes between the banks and to provide them with a source of liquidity .
as we have seen , the [working] balances are used for clearing purposes between the banks and to provide them with a source of liquidity .

It is expected to be operational with an office in Brussels early next year and although some doubts remain about the scope of the redefined Scotland Europa , the Council has agreed , in principle , to support the initiative .
it is expected to be [working] with an office in brussels early next year and although some doubts remain about the scope of the redefined scotland europa , the council has agreed , in principle , to support the initiative .

Operational income has decreased from £1.792 m to £1.700 m as has expenditure from £1.754 m to £1.709 m .
[working] income has decreased from £1.792 m to £1.700 m as has expenditure from £1.754 m to £1.709 m .

In the case of operational information , however , this is no longer necessarily nor universally true .
in the case of [working] information , however , this is no longer necessarily nor universally true .

Most transactions involving operational information produce paper as their by-product ( e.g .
most transactions involving [working] information produce paper as their by-product ( e.g .

Just as contemporary workers use operational information as the foundation for paper-based strategic and management reports , historians will want to have the opportunity to analyze the base data for themselves .
just as contemporary workers use [working] information as the foundation for paper-based strategic and management reports , historians will want to have the opportunity to analyze the base data for themselves .

The belief that it would be possible to maintain old computer hardware in operational order for use by future historians is utopian .
the belief that it would be possible to maintain old computer hardware in [working] order for use by future historians is utopian .

It briefly considers the prospects for extending the operational life of obsolete systems through physical restoration as well as logical simulation .
it briefly considers the prospects for extending the [working] life of obsolete systems through physical restoration as well as logical simulation .

The requirement for functional intactness of software not only entails the maintenance of bit-perfect records but also implies the provision at some time of operational contemporary hardware or a functional equivalent .
the requirement for functional intactness of software not only entails the maintenance of bit-perfect records but also implies the provision at some time of [working] contemporary hardware or a functional equivalent .

In 1989 the Science Museum , with the British Computer Society , founded the Computer Conservation Society dedicated to the restoration and preservation of historic computers and to the capture of operational know-how of computing machines .
in 1989 the science museum , with the british computer society , founded the computer conservation society dedicated to the restoration and preservation of historic computers and to the capture of [working] know-how of computing machines .

At best such ventures can extend the operational life of obsolete systems .
at best such ventures can extend the [working] life of obsolete systems .

The intractable fact of the matter is that in terms of archaeological time scales the operational continuity of contemporary hardware can not be assured even when suitable specimens are available to begin with .
the intractable fact of the matter is that in terms of archaeological time scales the [working] continuity of contemporary hardware can not be assured even when suitable specimens are available to begin with .

Capturing the operational persona of an early machine on a later machine promises possibilities for open-ended analysis of the kind formerly offered only by a working original .
capturing the [working] persona of an early machine on a later machine promises possibilities for open-ended analysis of the kind formerly offered only by a working original .

The transfer of program-software to optical media invokes a raft of technical issues of operational compatibility that would require prohibitively large ( for a museum with a conventional mandate ) engineering and hardware design investment to solve .
the transfer of program-software to optical media invokes a raft of technical issues of [working] compatibility that would require prohibitively large ( for a museum with a conventional mandate ) engineering and hardware design investment to solve .

Management is increasingly concerned , particularly during economic recession , to be able to monitor the day-to-day performance of the organisation , such as cash-flow , and therefore they desire access to a range of operational figures .
management is increasingly concerned , particularly during economic recession , to be able to monitor the day-to-day performance of the organisation , such as cash-flow , and therefore they desire access to a range of [working] figures .

Such measures involve different aspects : physical security , such as the security of disk storage facilities , from flood as well as unauthorised access ; software security , such as maintaining a log of all failed access requests ; and , operational security , for example with regard to work data being taken home by employees , and periodic data protection audits of the computer systems .
such measures involve different aspects : physical security , such as the security of disk storage facilities , from flood as well as unauthorised access ; software security , such as maintaining a log of all failed access requests ; and , [working] security , for example with regard to work data being taken home by employees , and periodic data protection audits of the computer systems .

In this paper , information in the business enterprise is classified as implicit , operational , or strategic .
in this paper , information in the business enterprise is classified as implicit , [working] , or strategic .

Operational data is used for day-to-day control of the business ( for example , for the collection of customer payments ) and is usually recorded but rarely preserved .
[working] data is used for day-to-day control of the business ( for example , for the collection of customer payments ) and is usually recorded but rarely preserved .

At the second level , operational information is the raw data which workers of the organisation process to maintain operational control of the enterprise .
at the second level , [working] information is the raw data which workers of the organisation process to maintain [working] control of the enterprise .

The amount of operational data is usually vast — whether it be measured in information-theory terms ( e.g .
the amount of [working] data is usually vast — whether it be measured in information-theory terms ( e.g .

Operational information is generally low grade and of low utility for the business historian .
[working] information is generally low grade and of low utility for the business historian .

The quantity of operational information in the industrial assurance enterprise was vast .
the quantity of [working] information in the industrial assurance enterprise was vast .

Generally , the operational data ( that is the policy records ) were destroyed within a few years of their fulfilment .
generally , the [working] data ( that is the policy records ) were destroyed within a few years of their fulfilment .

The knowledge workers in the insurance company were responsible for processing this mass of data to maintain operational control of the business .
the knowledge workers in the insurance company were responsible for processing this mass of data to maintain [working] control of the business .

The second function of the knowledge workers was to process operational data to produce strategic information ; this information then enabled board-level decision-making to achieve long-term strategic control .
the second function of the knowledge workers was to process [working] data to produce strategic information ; this information then enabled board-level decision-making to achieve long-term strategic control .

Operational information has undergone several media revolutions in the last century .
[working] information has undergone several media revolutions in the last century .

In principle , now that operational information is largely electronic , it could be preserved in electronic form in its totality .
in principle , now that [working] information is largely electronic , it could be preserved in electronic form in its totality .

On an operational level , however , the beneficial effects of price reductions on aggregate demand were never taken seriously in the neoclassical synthesis .
on an [working] level , however , the beneficial effects of price reductions on aggregate demand were never taken seriously in the neoclassical synthesis .

More often it involves the purchase of an operational division or the purchase of one business owned and operated by a multitude of different companies within a group .
more often it involves the purchase of an [working] division or the purchase of one business owned and operated by a multitude of different companies within a group .

If the committee 's recommendations were carried out , the repository would not become operational untilat least 2015 .
if the committee 's recommendations were carried out , the repository would not become [working] untilat least 2015 .

Its two reactors are of the Chernobyl type and became operational in 1983 and 1986 respectively .
its two reactors are of the chernobyl type and became [working] in 1983 and 1986 respectively .

Speaking after a visit to the Soviet Union , he said that the state of the Chernobyl plant was `` shocking `` , and he called for the closure of the three reactors still operational [ see Chernobyl article in this issue ] .
speaking after a visit to the soviet union , he said that the state of the chernobyl plant was `` shocking `` , and he called for the closure of the three reactors still [working] [ see chernobyl article in this issue ] .

The calculations compare new installations which would be operational by 2003 and include research and development costs as well as reprocessing and waste-disposal costs .
the calculations compare new installations which would be [working] by 2003 and include research and development costs as well as reprocessing and waste-disposal costs .

In County Durham , for example , British Coal is spending £6 million a year keeping its remaining coastal pits dry but now has no operational interest in the network of 11 pumping stations .
in county durham , for example , british coal is spending £6 million a year keeping its remaining coastal pits dry but now has no [working] interest in the network of 11 pumping stations .

But such a misguided view fails to take into account first the `` fusing `` of the many experienced crews that served in the Force , and the pooling of operational expertise that followed the hard-won tactical procedures , and last but no means least the steady improvement of the boffinery devices that were tried and tested on the job by no less than Bennett in person .
but such a misguided view fails to take into account first the `` fusing `` of the many experienced crews that served in the force , and the pooling of [working] expertise that followed the hard-won tactical procedures , and last but no means least the steady improvement of the boffinery devices that were tried and tested on the job by no less than bennett in person .

His single , minded pursuit of operational perfection had to be witnessed to be appreciated , He was the only Commander in the field that was able to change the entire concept of strategic bombing ; moreover he was the only Group commander with any worthwhile operational background , my personal researches accredit him with more than a full bomber tour of operations , and that includes his escape from Sweden .
his single , minded pursuit of [working] perfection had to be witnessed to be appreciated , he was the only commander in the field that was able to change the entire concept of strategic bombing ; moreover he was the only group commander with any worthwhile [working] background , my personal researches accredit him with more than a full bomber tour of operations , and that includes his escape from sweden .

When highly decorated and very experienced operational pilots were posted to training units within Bomber Command , they invariably suffered some difficulty within these establishments .
when highly decorated and very experienced [working] pilots were posted to training units within bomber command , they invariably suffered some difficulty within these establishments .

The main reason for this was that the units themselves resented a very young officer , heavily laden with acting rank , which meant that an existing officer of the same rank had to he disposed of to make way for an operational type doing a rest period .
the main reason for this was that the units themselves resented a very young officer , heavily laden with acting rank , which meant that an existing officer of the same rank had to he disposed of to make way for an [working] type doing a rest period .

However , with regard to the length of each operational tour of duty , it is obvious that there was a deal of confusion between the Commands .
however , with regard to the length of each [working] tour of duty , it is obvious that there was a deal of confusion between the commands .

Fighter and Coastal Commands felt that 200/300 hours of operational flying could embrace a tour .
fighter and coastal commands felt that 200/300 hours of [working] flying could embrace a tour .

Then later when they started coming home his real concern was counting them in , and it was in this period that these pleasant and very charming visitors frequently wanted to get nearer to the operational scene .
then later when they started coming home his real concern was counting them in , and it was in this period that these pleasant and very charming visitors frequently wanted to get nearer to the [working] scene .

Some of the squadron commanders , and maybe the odd flight commander who again was not flying , invariably pointed out they need not go back to their operational training unit , they could remain and we would send for their kit .
some of the squadron commanders , and maybe the odd flight commander who again was not flying , invariably pointed out they need not go back to their [working] training unit , they could remain and we would send for their kit .

Design then , " cognitive-modeling " — " an action-based " form of knowledge " for thinking , reasoning and operating " which is not " tied to concrete-operational levels of thinking " but deals also with " formal operational thought and hypothetical-deductive reasoning " — returns these levels of thought to the concrete through the medium of form and the activity of forming .
design then , " cognitive-modeling " — " an action-based " form of knowledge " for thinking , reasoning and operating " which is not " tied to concrete-operational levels of thinking " but deals also with " formal [working] thought and hypothetical-deductive reasoning " — returns these levels of thought to the concrete through the medium of form and the activity of forming .

In past operational plans the Eastern Health and Social Services Board had stressed that efficiency and flexibility would need to be introduced .
in past [working] plans the eastern health and social services board had stressed that efficiency and flexibility would need to be introduced .

The waterwheel is fully operational .
the waterwheel is fully [working] .

Piaget argues that a major advance in children 's ability to explain occurs around the age of seven years , and he views this advance as being attributable to the decrease in egocentrism which marks the advent of operational thought .
piaget argues that a major advance in children 's ability to explain occurs around the age of seven years , and he views this advance as being attributable to the decrease in egocentrism which marks the advent of [working] thought .

As inspirational pronouncement rather than an operational blueprint , not only did it give expression to and authority for the idea that a fairer , juster society should be created , as the inalienable rights of man required ; but more , it asserted that thanks to machinery powered by steam it could be .
as inspirational pronouncement rather than an [working] blueprint , not only did it give expression to and authority for the idea that a fairer , juster society should be created , as the inalienable rights of man required ; but more , it asserted that thanks to machinery powered by steam it could be .

Once an organisation is operational it is not unusual for it to extend its powers to matters outside the treaty , or to implement policies or decisions without following the procedural requirements of the treaty .
once an organisation is [working] it is not unusual for it to extend its powers to matters outside the treaty , or to implement policies or decisions without following the procedural requirements of the treaty .

This depended upon the constitutive documentation of the Organisation , which was silent as to the liability of the member States , although Article 1 of the constitutive Treaty limited its personality to ‘ operational needs ’ .
this depended upon the constitutive documentation of the organisation , which was silent as to the liability of the member states , although article 1 of the constitutive treaty limited its personality to ‘ [working] needs ’ .

Of special interest is the Council 's power to ‘ establish operational rules which shall include , inter alia , financial measures to be applied to members which fail to meet their obligations under Article 22 ’ , and the power to suspend certain rights of a member which fails to ‘ fulfil its obligation to contribute to the buffer stock .
of special interest is the council 's power to ‘ establish [working] rules which shall include , inter alia , financial measures to be applied to members which fail to meet their obligations under article 22 ’ , and the power to suspend certain rights of a member which fails to ‘ fulfil its obligation to contribute to the buffer stock .

In Vietnam , they were probably pre-eminent and could certainly lay the largest claim to ‘ control ’ of operational areas on the other side of the Chinese frontier in Tonkin even though their simultaneous claim to the status of ‘ resistance ’ forces needs to be looked at more closely .
in vietnam , they were probably pre-eminent and could certainly lay the largest claim to ‘ control ’ of [working] areas on the other side of the chinese frontier in tonkin even though their simultaneous claim to the status of ‘ resistance ’ forces needs to be looked at more closely .

Once the war between France and the Vietminh had begun , the time had obviously passed when American operational decisions such as this would affect the fortunes of either side .
once the war between france and the vietminh had begun , the time had obviously passed when american [working] decisions such as this would affect the fortunes of either side .

Things have not been the same on the operational side of the art business .
things have not been the same on the [working] side of the art business .

There are concrete operational thinkers — those who can only begin to solve such a problem in concrete operational terms by drawing physical or mental images of the boxes and then counting up the total .
there are concrete [working] thinkers — those who can only begin to solve such a problem in concrete [working] terms by drawing physical or mental images of the boxes and then counting up the total .

There are formal operational thinkers — those who immediately grasp the abstract form of the problem and solve it quickly and easily .
there are formal [working] thinkers — those who immediately grasp the abstract form of the problem and solve it quickly and easily .

This , however , is still not particularly operational as a theory .
this , however , is still not particularly [working] as a theory .

Secondly , agency discretion should be limited in so far as this is compatible with efficient operational decisions .
secondly , agency discretion should be limited in so far as this is compatible with efficient [working] decisions .

There are certain operational difficulties associated with speech recognition .
there are certain [working] difficulties associated with speech recognition .

The first phase of the Arts Centre is now almost fully operational , housing the superb new art gallery and the academic Department of Art History ( transferred from the Portland Building ) , an Arts Bookshop and a Visitors ’ Centre .
the first phase of the arts centre is now almost fully [working] , housing the superb new art gallery and the academic department of art history ( transferred from the portland building ) , an arts bookshop and a visitors ’ centre .

Every department or ward will require individual assessment and local operational policies , due to the variety of problems associated with caring for disturbed patients .
every department or ward will require individual assessment and local [working] policies , due to the variety of problems associated with caring for disturbed patients .

This impressive , fully operational 19th century windmill was once owned and operated by George Green , an outstanding mathematical physicist .
this impressive , fully [working] 19th century windmill was once owned and operated by george green , an outstanding mathematical physicist .

Attempts to restrict military advance were ignored on the grounds of operational necessity , and the government in Tokyo , incapable of stemming the advance , found itself forced to act as an apologist for the military 's faits accomplis .
attempts to restrict military advance were ignored on the grounds of [working] necessity , and the government in tokyo , incapable of stemming the advance , found itself forced to act as an apologist for the military 's faits accomplis .

Line management roles refer to those positions which are directly concerned with the operational aspects of the business ( see figure 28 ) .
line management roles refer to those positions which are directly concerned with the [working] aspects of the business ( see figure 28 ) .

In order to do this you need to consider whether a particular department , section or function is directly concerned with the main operational function of the College .
in order to do this you need to consider whether a particular department , section or function is directly concerned with the main [working] function of the college .

The operational function is the provision of teaching and learning opportunities for students .
the [working] function is the provision of teaching and learning opportunities for students .

In order that the parent company can maintain individual operational records for each subsidiary and determine which companies are operating most effectively , details of individual balances , and any bank interest they would have attracted , are provided .
in order that the parent company can maintain individual [working] records for each subsidiary and determine which companies are operating most effectively , details of individual balances , and any bank interest they would have attracted , are provided .

In attributing origins it is hard to disentangle the input of Ministers and that of officials , or the operational services , political or Parliamentary influences , or interest groups ; nor does the present civil service culture encourage any attempt to do so .
in attributing origins it is hard to disentangle the input of ministers and that of officials , or the [working] services , political or parliamentary influences , or interest groups ; nor does the present civil service culture encourage any attempt to do so .

In an interview soon after his appointment as Director General , Joe Pilling , a senior civil servant , was quoted as saying that the transformation of the Prison Service into an executive agency would help to distance it from the Home Office and achieve greater operational freedom , adding :
in an interview soon after his appointment as director general , joe pilling , a senior civil servant , was quoted as saying that the transformation of the prison service into an executive agency would help to distance it from the home office and achieve greater [working] freedom , adding :

In this sense the conferring of an enlarged degree of operational freedom on a professionally directed body need not mean any diminution of true public accountability .
in this sense the conferring of an enlarged degree of [working] freedom on a professionally directed body need not mean any diminution of true public accountability .

The police have far more operational independence from the Home Office than the Prison Service has ever enjoyed .
the police have far more [working] independence from the home office than the prison service has ever enjoyed .

On the assumption that they will , there are one or two operational points which , if repeated , are well worth looking out for .
on the assumption that they will , there are one or two [working] points which , if repeated , are well worth looking out for .

Where information technology permits operational integration across borders , other forms of technology are transforming what happens within each operation .
where information technology permits [working] integration across borders , other forms of technology are transforming what happens within each operation .

We need to attract companies … to establish operational headquarters … ( to ) … do product development work , manage their treasury activities , and provide administrative , technical and management services to their subsidiaries .
we need to attract companies … to establish [working] headquarters … ( to ) … do product development work , manage their treasury activities , and provide administrative , technical and management services to their subsidiaries .

If that freelance photojournalist is wounded , but soon returns to the operational area to continue covering the story , only to be wounded a second time , then we are looking at a fairly remarkable man with a tale worth telling .
if that freelance photojournalist is wounded , but soon returns to the [working] area to continue covering the story , only to be wounded a second time , then we are looking at a fairly remarkable man with a tale worth telling .

One of the trends in military publishing over recent years has been a move away from the hardware itself towards its operational use and the personal experiences of the men in the front line .
one of the trends in military publishing over recent years has been a move away from the hardware itself towards its [working] use and the personal experiences of the men in the front line .

The theory of bureaucracy argues that bureaucracies have an in-built expansionary motivation which will result in operational inefficiencies .
the theory of bureaucracy argues that bureaucracies have an in-built expansionary motivation which will result in [working] inefficiencies .

Percentages , accounting ratios and averages are helpful in presenting the operational information in a simple manner .
percentages , accounting ratios and averages are helpful in presenting the [working] information in a simple manner .

When the system is fully operational , such activities as accepting keyboarded input , outputting to proofing devices and to external systems ( e.g. Oxford Text System ) , text searching , integration , and any other processes on the system data will proceed in parallel , although different sections of the text will be subject to each process .
when the system is fully [working] , such activities as accepting keyboarded input , outputting to proofing devices and to external systems ( e.g. oxford text system ) , text searching , integration , and any other processes on the system data will proceed in parallel , although different sections of the text will be subject to each process .

It clearly felt that the police authority should have no control over general policy or the operational side of police work .
it clearly felt that the police authority should have no control over general policy or the [working] side of police work .

, to attempting to influence styles of policing and indeed to involve themselves in operational matters , for example in relation to industrial disputes and demonstrations .
, to attempting to influence styles of policing and indeed to involve themselves in [working] matters , for example in relation to industrial disputes and demonstrations .

This would appear to legitimise his interference in operational matters in appropriate cases .
this would appear to legitimise his interference in [working] matters in appropriate cases .

Operational techniques
[working] techniques

strategic , 2. operational , 3. individual .
strategic , 2. [working] , 3. individual .

At the operational level Compacts establish goals for employers and for education .
at the [working] level compacts establish goals for employers and for education .

To overcome , the manpower difficulties , some managers did introduce facilities and imaginative operational policies to ease the situation with some success .
to overcome , the manpower difficulties , some managers did introduce facilities and imaginative [working] policies to ease the situation with some success .

take steps to adjust operational and strategic plans learn from and match other employers ' tactics
take steps to adjust [working] and strategic plans learn from and match other employers ' tactics

This amount of effort will require the allocation of finance with a high priority in operational plans .
this amount of effort will require the allocation of finance with a high priority in [working] plans .

This information should be widely publicised to raise awareness among nurse managers and others of the current position and as preparation fur the inevitable adjustments which will follow in subsequent operational plans .
this information should be widely publicised to raise awareness among nurse managers and others of the current position and as preparation fur the inevitable adjustments which will follow in subsequent [working] plans .

Staff Utilisation at Operational Level
staff utilisation at [working] level

Unfortunately , few activities can be shut down for set periods , most being operational all the year round .
unfortunately , few activities can be shut down for set periods , most being [working] all the year round .

The only problem with the kitchen , the operational centre of the house , is that it is separated from the children 's attic playroom by two long flights of stairs .
the only problem with the kitchen , the [working] centre of the house , is that it is separated from the children 's attic playroom by two long flights of stairs .

The eight provincial councils were required to ‘ settle the broad economic land use and investment framework for the planning and development policies of operational authorities ’ ( Redcliffe-Maud 1969 : Vol .
the eight provincial councils were required to ‘ settle the broad economic land use and investment framework for the planning and development policies of [working] authorities ’ ( redcliffe-maud 1969 : vol .

: Police committees , therefore , are precluded from either directing or even questioning the chief constable on operational matters ( Loveday 1983 ) .
: police committees , therefore , are precluded from either directing or even questioning the chief constable on [working] matters ( loveday 1983 ) .

New-boat courses only represented a part of the specialised operational training , which is not a new invention , he explained .
new-boat courses only represented a part of the specialised [working] training , which is not a new invention , he explained .

Operational Reviews
[working] reviews

Bringing the audience up to date with the news of fund raising , operational and technical advances , which he had earlier reported to the Governors , the Chairman paid tribute to the loyal support from the public and volunteers .
bringing the audience up to date with the news of fund raising , [working] and technical advances , which he had earlier reported to the governors , the chairman paid tribute to the loyal support from the public and volunteers .

Although the station was non-operational for a few years following the disaster it was fully operational again by April 1979 and since 1985 has had a modern Tyne class lifeboat on station to cover the wide stretch of north-east facing coast around the port .
although the station was non-operational for a few years following the disaster it was fully [working] again by april 1979 and since 1985 has had a modern tyne class lifeboat on station to cover the wide stretch of north-east facing coast around the port .

‘ Karen was telling me you are writing about the workforce rather than about the plant 's operational side .
‘ karen was telling me you are writing about the workforce rather than about the plant 's [working] side .

The take-off roll commences with a quick check to make sure that the engine is developing maximum rpm and the four cylinders are actually operational by checking the temperature gauges .
the take-off roll commences with a quick check to make sure that the engine is developing maximum rpm and the four cylinders are actually [working] by checking the temperature gauges .

Our previous discussion has explained that the Bretton Woods system did not become fully operational until after the general acceptance of current account convertibility in 1958 .
our previous discussion has explained that the bretton woods system did not become fully [working] until after the general acceptance of current account convertibility in 1958 .

It 's hoped that by the end of July a Waveney class lifeboat from the reserve fleet will be based at Torness provisionally for one year to assess its viability as a mooring and operational base for Dunbar 's all-weather lifeboat .
it 's hoped that by the end of july a waveney class lifeboat from the reserve fleet will be based at torness provisionally for one year to assess its viability as a mooring and [working] base for dunbar 's all-weather lifeboat .

‘ My own remit was to consider the management of operational safety covering normal and emergency operating procedures , the conduct of control room and plant operations , and radiation protection .
‘ my own remit was to consider the management of [working] safety covering normal and emergency operating procedures , the conduct of control room and plant operations , and radiation protection .

This took most of the weekend and the site was fully operational again by the following Monday .
this took most of the weekend and the site was fully [working] again by the following monday .

The heightened profile of the shift controllers gives recognition to the key role they and their shift teams will play in the future operational performance of the terminal .
the heightened profile of the shift controllers gives recognition to the key role they and their shift teams will play in the future [working] performance of the terminal .

Members of an operational group at Statoil 's office in Forushagen have been working on a tender exercise with Lagos site office .
members of an [working] group at statoil 's office in forushagen have been working on a tender exercise with lagos site office .

The emphasis of the shift teams — to be called operational maintenance teams — will be on site-wide preventative maintenance work .
the emphasis of the shift teams — to be called [working] maintenance teams — will be on site-wide preventative maintenance work .

‘ Each member of the ‘ start-up ’ team is involved in listing the various shift field activities and verifying their necessity to the terminal 's operational maintenance requirements , ’ said Ian .
‘ each member of the ‘ start-up ’ team is involved in listing the various shift field activities and verifying their necessity to the terminal 's [working] maintenance requirements , ’ said ian .

‘ Pilot Courses ’ comprise units developed for phase 1 and 2 pilot courses and reviewed to ensure that the format of the new operational system is fully adopted .
‘ pilot courses ’ comprise units developed for phase 1 and 2 pilot courses and reviewed to ensure that the format of the new [working] system is fully adopted .

For courses arising from phase 1 and 2 pilots , there will be a progressive arrangement , through review of validation , to bring the pilots into the new operational framework .
for courses arising from phase 1 and 2 pilots , there will be a progressive arrangement , through review of validation , to bring the pilots into the new [working] framework .

documentation necessary for submission of the first outline course proposals under Batch 1 of the new , operational system ;
documentation necessary for submission of the first outline course proposals under batch 1 of the new , [working] system ;

Besides the more obvious areas for employment , actuaries are to be found applying their skills in the academic world , in computer development , operational research and as business consultants .
besides the more obvious areas for employment , actuaries are to be found applying their skills in the academic world , in computer development , [working] research and as business consultants .

The service has been developed by Peter Heys , formerly of Pest Control , whose considerable experience of the food industry will be combined with the tight operational skills of the Office cleaning division .
the service has been developed by peter heys , formerly of pest control , whose considerable experience of the food industry will be combined with the tight [working] skills of the office cleaning division .

‘ We have now been able to establish the most efficient operational procedure to be followed , ’ said Natasha , ‘ and this has been set up to ensure the highest standards of quality and productivity . ’
‘ we have now been able to establish the most efficient [working] procedure to be followed , ’ said natasha , ‘ and this has been set up to ensure the highest standards of quality and productivity . ’

Certainly some of the material which provided advice on how boards could best become operational was beneficial .
certainly some of the material which provided advice on how boards could best become [working] was beneficial .

In his book , Operational Review , Ken Impey , former head of internal audit at Reed International , sets out the typical broad headings under which an organisation could classify its different risks : ‘ disastrous ’ ( threatening damage which it could not expect to survive ) , ‘ seriously damaging ’ ( materially weakening it but from which it could expect to recover ) and ‘ unlikely to be material ’ .
in his book , [working] review , ken impey , former head of internal audit at reed international , sets out the typical broad headings under which an organisation could classify its different risks : ‘ disastrous ’ ( threatening damage which it could not expect to survive ) , ‘ seriously damaging ’ ( materially weakening it but from which it could expect to recover ) and ‘ unlikely to be material ’ .

It 's here that Impey , in his book , sees a particular role for the internal auditor in acting as tutor and guide to all line managers in assessing their own systems and controls , and identifying areas for improvement , as part of their annual operational review .
it 's here that impey , in his book , sees a particular role for the internal auditor in acting as tutor and guide to all line managers in assessing their own systems and controls , and identifying areas for improvement , as part of their annual [working] review .

Key to all this has been one of Davidson 's major responsibilities , the development of a highly sophisticated system of strategic , operational and individual business plans and performance monitoring and review .
key to all this has been one of davidson 's major responsibilities , the development of a highly sophisticated system of strategic , [working] and individual business plans and performance monitoring and review .

• Ramada : expanded corporate to include environmental responsibility in 1990 , covering 120 hotels , 40 countries and 28,000 employees , all challenged to initiate operational changes to improve performance in waste recycling , energy conservation and water conservation/management .
• ramada : expanded corporate to include environmental responsibility in 1990 , covering 120 hotels , 40 countries and 28,000 employees , all challenged to initiate [working] changes to improve performance in waste recycling , energy conservation and water conservation/management .

The Portfolio seminar features several leading figures from both the industry and outside as speakers who will attempt to change the impression that successful women in senior operational roles in the industry need to be single , or divorced , childless and generally married to their work .
the portfolio seminar features several leading figures from both the industry and outside as speakers who will attempt to change the impression that successful women in senior [working] roles in the industry need to be single , or divorced , childless and generally married to their work .

To achieve this aim , we have the following main operational objectives :
to achieve this aim , we have the following main [working] objectives :

Our operational budget is over £1,100 million .
our [working] budget is over £1,100 million .

If you are given the opportunity to work flexible working hours , you may agree your working times with your manager within the flexible working hours scheme in operation where you work , subject to the operational needs of the organisation .
if you are given the opportunity to work flexible working hours , you may agree your working times with your manager within the flexible working hours scheme in operation where you work , subject to the [working] needs of the organisation .

The Agency 's plans for meeting the requirements of this Agreement will be published in its Operational Plan for 1993–94 , which is approved by the Secretary of State .
the agency 's plans for meeting the requirements of this agreement will be published in its [working] plan for 1993–94 , which is approved by the secretary of state .

The tennis club has been informed that there is every possibility that the courts will be operational this summer .
the tennis club has been informed that there is every possibility that the courts will be [working] this summer .

Neighbourhood Watch The Belmont Road Neighbourhood Watch is now fully operational .
neighbourhood watch the belmont road neighbourhood watch is now fully [working] .

All lights on the path are now operational .
all lights on the path are now [working] .

Given the legal complexities of Community Charge and the rate of change it is essential that there are senior managers at the higher Principal Officer grade who can be responsible for particular aspects of Council Tax as well as being responsible for an operational group .
given the legal complexities of community charge and the rate of change it is essential that there are senior managers at the higher principal officer grade who can be responsible for particular aspects of council tax as well as being responsible for an [working] group .

a Council Tax Rebates Manager , who will be the Council 's rebate expert and consultant and also the operational manager for 2 of the groups headed up by Principal Officers
a council tax rebates manager , who will be the council 's rebate expert and consultant and also the [working] manager for 2 of the groups headed up by principal officers

a Council Tax Manager , who will be the Council 's expert and consultant on all Council Tax issues as well as being the operational manager for the further 2 groups .
a council tax manager , who will be the council 's expert and consultant on all council tax issues as well as being the [working] manager for the further 2 groups .

The Community Charge Control Team should therefore be restricted to computer and management control functions under the separate supervision of the Assistant Director , that is outwith the operational line management .
the community charge control team should therefore be restricted to computer and management control functions under the separate supervision of the assistant director , that is outwith the [working] line management .

The numbers within the Council Tax Control Team have been based on a pro rata of case load plus a 20% increase for personal elements less a nominal number to reflect the transfer of routine functions to the operational teams .
the numbers within the council tax control team have been based on a pro rata of case load plus a 20% increase for personal elements less a nominal number to reflect the transfer of routine functions to the [working] teams .

All three units offer a good social life , sporting activities , and the opportunity to visit operational Service Units at home and abroad .
all three units offer a good social life , sporting activities , and the opportunity to visit [working] service units at home and abroad .

This is partly due to knowledge that enables understanding and acquisition of specific statistical , computing or operational research techniques , and partly because the study of Mathematics cultivates a range of abilities such as flexibility , clarity of thought , thoroughness , concision , and accuracy in exposition .
this is partly due to knowledge that enables understanding and acquisition of specific statistical , computing or [working] research techniques , and partly because the study of mathematics cultivates a range of abilities such as flexibility , clarity of thought , thoroughness , concision , and accuracy in exposition .

At the same time , the needs of the physical , biological and social sciences have provoked rapid advances in the applications of mathematics in such fields as fluid mechanics , dynamical systems , numerical analysis , coding theory , operational research and optimisation .
at the same time , the needs of the physical , biological and social sciences have provoked rapid advances in the applications of mathematics in such fields as fluid mechanics , dynamical systems , numerical analysis , coding theory , [working] research and optimisation .

Graduates often enter other professions such as those of the actuary , accountant , and operational research scientist .
graduates often enter other professions such as those of the actuary , accountant , and [working] research scientist .

What Geraci still did n't know was that Zen had no recent operational experience in Rome or anywhere else .
what geraci still did n't know was that zen had no recent [working] experience in rome or anywhere else .

The presence of transnational corporations in the manufacturing sectors of developing countries facilitates the transmission of their ‘ business culture , ’ their management concepts and operational techniques , to Third World partners and to local entrepreneurs … Their sales campaigns have resulted , for example , in increasing consumption of white bread , confections and soft drinks among the poorest people in the world by convincing people that status , convenience , and sweet taste are more important than nutrition . ( Jefkins and Ugboajah , 1986 , pp.170–1 )
the presence of transnational corporations in the manufacturing sectors of developing countries facilitates the transmission of their ‘ business culture , ’ their management concepts and [working] techniques , to third world partners and to local entrepreneurs … their sales campaigns have resulted , for example , in increasing consumption of white bread , confections and soft drinks among the poorest people in the world by convincing people that status , convenience , and sweet taste are more important than nutrition . ( jefkins and ugboajah , 1986 , pp.170–1 )

From the production of these budgets it may be felt that certain aspects of the budgets need to be amended before they become operational .
from the production of these budgets it may be felt that certain aspects of the budgets need to be amended before they become [working] .

Luckily he was engaged on operational matters when his ‘ guest ’ arrived , and turned him over temporarily to his intelligence officer , a flight lieutenant called Benson , who recognized the symptoms instantly and prescribed a double whisky .
luckily he was engaged on [working] matters when his ‘ guest ’ arrived , and turned him over temporarily to his intelligence officer , a flight lieutenant called benson , who recognized the symptoms instantly and prescribed a double whisky .

Many failures are caused by operational mishandling and other physical problems associated with the constant mounting and dismounting of media .
many failures are caused by [working] mishandling and other physical problems associated with the constant mounting and dismounting of media .

It is dependent upon the quality of the operational staff , the importance of the information being offlined and the type of media used .
it is dependent upon the quality of the [working] staff , the importance of the information being offlined and the type of media used .

Your new process is now tested and fully operational !
your new process is now tested and fully [working] !

Job description and operational functioning :
job description and [working] functioning :

The operational system appeared , to a certain extent , to be fairly regulated with highly structured and defined job descriptions .
the [working] system appeared , to a certain extent , to be fairly regulated with highly structured and defined job descriptions .

As part of the technical back-up service , Stoddards own personnel together with Pickerings , erect each new machine and only hand it over once fully tested and operational .
as part of the technical back-up service , stoddards own personnel together with pickerings , erect each new machine and only hand it over once fully tested and [working] .

Stoddard operational experience is second to none , maintaining their position as world leaders in Bonded Technology .
stoddard [working] experience is second to none , maintaining their position as world leaders in bonded technology .

Two large stainless steel cylinders , the latest in high pressure dyeing technology , have been installed and are expected to become operational by mid November .
two large stainless steel cylinders , the latest in high pressure dyeing technology , have been installed and are expected to become [working] by mid november .

Once operational , the existing scouring machine presently located in the dye house will be moved along-side its new partner , where foundation work has already been completed for this major operation .
once [working] , the existing scouring machine presently located in the dye house will be moved along-side its new partner , where foundation work has already been completed for this major operation .

John Mathews , James Mitchell and James Weir are now responsible for the operational running of all departments during shift hours .
john mathews , james mitchell and james weir are now responsible for the [working] running of all departments during shift hours .

Gordon Bowers , Commercial Manager , is responsible for the day to day implementation of the new systems which became operational at the end of March .
gordon bowers , commercial manager , is responsible for the day to day implementation of the new systems which became [working] at the end of march .

The £650,000 investment funded by the Cumbernauld Development Corporation , in conjunction with Lyle , has been fully operational since September and is well timed to coincide with a considerable increase of activity within the company .
the £650,000 investment funded by the cumbernauld development corporation , in conjunction with lyle , has been fully [working] since september and is well timed to coincide with a considerable increase of activity within the company .

It can help to determine priorities to assist operational decision-making .
it can help to determine priorities to assist [working] decision-making .

Although the jury heard eight hours of videotaped testimony by Reagan [ see p. 37241 ] , the former President was often confused and vague about operational details and did little to shed any further light on his involvement in the affair .
although the jury heard eight hours of videotaped testimony by reagan [ see p. 37241 ] , the former president was often confused and vague about [working] details and did little to shed any further light on his involvement in the affair .

The most controversial aspect of the package was its postponement of plans to force the use of real names in financial transactions , a measure due to become operational on Jan. 1 , 1991 .
the most controversial aspect of the package was its postponement of plans to force the use of real names in financial transactions , a measure due to become [working] on jan. 1 , 1991 .

The Bush administration 's efforts to rescue the savings and loans companies ( `` thrifts `` ) [ see p. 36843 ; see also above ] faced mounting criticism in early 1990 as shortages of funds and operational problems — caused by an unwieldy bureaucracy involving 12 different agencies and vacancies in several senior regulatory posts — threatened to jeopardize the operation .
the bush administration 's efforts to rescue the savings and loans companies ( `` thrifts `` ) [ see p. 36843 ; see also above ] faced mounting criticism in early 1990 as shortages of funds and [working] problems — caused by an unwieldy bureaucracy involving 12 different agencies and vacancies in several senior regulatory posts — threatened to jeopardize the operation .

He repeated the threats which he had made on Aug. 1 , including that of allowing the full force of the Gramm-Rudman cuts to become operational .
he repeated the threats which he had made on aug. 1 , including that of allowing the full force of the gramm-rudman cuts to become [working] .

The agreement came only 10 hours before the deadline for the beginning of the new fiscal year , after which automatic spending cuts triggered by the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit reduction law would have become operational .
the agreement came only 10 hours before the deadline for the beginning of the new fiscal year , after which automatic spending cuts triggered by the gramm-rudman-hollings deficit reduction law would have become [working] .

The weapon was still under development , but if successful it promised to extend the operational life of the British V-bombers .
the weapon was still under development , but if successful it promised to extend the [working] life of the british v-bombers .

The clearing banks keep operational balances at the Bank which are used for settling the final position at the end of the day between the Bank and the banking system , and their drawing down of money from the discount houses will be designed to keep these balances at a `` target `` level considered appropriate given the uncertainty of the daily cash flows to the Bank .
the clearing banks keep [working] balances at the bank which are used for settling the final position at the end of the day between the bank and the banking system , and their drawing down of money from the discount houses will be designed to keep these balances at a `` target `` level considered appropriate given the uncertainty of the daily cash flows to the bank .

If the demand for cash , in the form of notes issued by the Bank of England , rises , the clearing banks meet the rise in demand by obtaining notes from the Bank , at the same time running down their operational balances with it .
if the demand for cash , in the form of notes issued by the bank of england , rises , the clearing banks meet the rise in demand by obtaining notes from the bank , at the same time running down their [working] balances with it .

The objective of the Bank when operating in the money market is broadly to offset the cash flows between the Bank and the money markets and to leave the clearing banks within reach of their desired operational balances .
the objective of the bank when operating in the money market is broadly to offset the cash flows between the bank and the money markets and to leave the clearing banks within reach of their desired [working] balances .

the operational and reporting standards applicable to corporate finance work should be followed for assignments associated with the approval of investment advertisements .
the [working] and reporting standards applicable to corporate finance work should be followed for assignments associated with the approval of investment advertisements .

Operational procedures
[working] procedures

Visit the client 's principal facilities and discuss the entity 's business with persons familiar with the financial , operational and marketing aspects of the business .
visit the client 's principal facilities and discuss the entity 's business with persons familiar with the financial , [working] and marketing aspects of the business .

0505 Operational procedures
0505 [working] procedures

The section sets out detailed operational procedures for the sale process .
the section sets out detailed [working] procedures for the sale process .

Operational procedures
[working] procedures

0805 Operational procedures
0805 [working] procedures

General standards relating to operational procedures are dealt with in chapter 02 .
general standards relating to [working] procedures are dealt with in chapter 02 .

This section deals with the additional operational procedures specific to valuation engagements and applies equally to commercial and non-commercial valuations .
this section deals with the additional [working] procedures specific to valuation engagements and applies equally to commercial and non-commercial valuations .

In accordance with our operational and reporting standards , we must review any document with which we are associated through being named in the document ( or through the provision of confidential comfort letters ) to identify as far as practicable any respects in which , in our view , legal , Stock Exchange or other requirements have not been complied with .
in accordance with our [working] and reporting standards , we must review any document with which we are associated through being named in the document ( or through the provision of confidential comfort letters ) to identify as far as practicable any respects in which , in our view , legal , stock exchange or other requirements have not been complied with .

The Mergers and Acquisitions unit 's operational mandate , as set out in the corporate finance manual , requires approval for our involvement as lead advisers in the public arena .
the mergers and acquisitions unit 's [working] mandate , as set out in the corporate finance manual , requires approval for our involvement as lead advisers in the public arena .

1102 Operational procedures for selling
1102 [working] procedures for selling

Detailed interviews with management in a sample of bought out firms in Scotland will probe the financial and operational independent of such firms ; the nature of on going ties with funding agencies and past parents ; changes in internal organisation of the firm ; and the firms ' relationship to their surrounding areas .
detailed interviews with management in a sample of bought out firms in scotland will probe the financial and [working] independent of such firms ; the nature of on going ties with funding agencies and past parents ; changes in internal organisation of the firm ; and the firms ' relationship to their surrounding areas .

Swansea Yacht Haven became operational in December 1982 .
swansea yacht haven became [working] in december 1982 .

The management of strategic and operational change
the management of strategic and [working] change

The research is examining the what , why and how of managing strategic and operational changes in firms in mature industries , and any link between the capability to affect change and the maintenance and improvement of competitive performance .
the research is examining the what , why and how of managing strategic and [working] changes in firms in mature industries , and any link between the capability to affect change and the maintenance and improvement of competitive performance .

The main research issues fall into three principal stages of performance management : setting performance standards and targets ; monitoring and review of performance ; and decision taking on appropriate alternative policies and organisational and operational arrangements .
the main research issues fall into three principal stages of performance management : setting performance standards and targets ; monitoring and review of performance ; and decision taking on appropriate alternative policies and organisational and [working] arrangements .

The current research on financial markets distinguishes four sectors ( private , public , banks and overseas ) and eight asset categories . Once this version is operational and some experience has been gained in running the financial model in conjunction with the main model , the former will be extended in the following ways :
the current research on financial markets distinguishes four sectors ( private , public , banks and overseas ) and eight asset categories . once this version is [working] and some experience has been gained in running the financial model in conjunction with the main model , the former will be extended in the following ways :

efficient financial markets in the operational sense that expected returns are equated across domestic and international financial assets .
efficient financial markets in the [working] sense that expected returns are equated across domestic and international financial assets .

Optimal control theory , being a technique for intertemporal optimisation , may allow this idea to become operational .
optimal control theory , being a technique for intertemporal optimisation , may allow this idea to become [working] .

At the operational level , the Centre has produced a Manual of Sampling practice , to be published during 1986 .
at the [working] level , the centre has produced a manual of sampling practice , to be published during 1986 .

The focus is on the operational role of custody officers .
the focus is on the [working] role of custody officers .

Centre for Organisational and Operational Research
centre for organisational and [working] research

Piaget described 10 ‘ formal operational schemata ’ or reasoning patterns underlying all scientific thought .
piaget described 10 ‘ formal [working] schemata ’ or reasoning patterns underlying all scientific thought .

Construction has started and the system should be operational by late 1991 .
construction has started and the system should be [working] by late 1991 .

‘ Her Majesty underwent a minor operational procedure last night to have an obstruction relieved from her throat .
‘ her majesty underwent a minor [working] procedure last night to have an obstruction relieved from her throat .

The assistant finance officer with the Western Board — the first to been hoped the payroll personnel system would be operational in all boards by 1989 , so a three to four year delay has occurred .
the assistant finance officer with the western board — the first to been hoped the payroll personnel system would be [working] in all boards by 1989 , so a three to four year delay has occurred .

In response to these criticisms , the Home Office introduced in January 1983 a new set of operational guidelines .
in response to these criticisms , the home office introduced in january 1983 a new set of [working] guidelines .

The main focus will be on the political factors and conditions necessary for the creation of such forces , but the research will also address the possible roles and operational requirements of naval forces ; and on the advantages and disadvantages for international security .
the main focus will be on the political factors and conditions necessary for the creation of such forces , but the research will also address the possible roles and [working] requirements of naval forces ; and on the advantages and disadvantages for international security .

Operational report
[working] report

Sufficient knowledge and experience exists within Admin to keep normal operations going on the Altos , and to deal with operational problems as they might arise .
sufficient knowledge and experience exists within admin to keep normal operations going on the altos , and to deal with [working] problems as they might arise .

Operational Report .
[working] report .

The full Serials system will be operational from early in 1993 .
the full serials system will be [working] from early in 1993 .

There are other higher-level categories , such as Strategic , which requires information from all areas for planning purposes ; Managerial , which similarly needs data for day-to-day working ; Operational , which relates to the way in which particular programmes are implemented .
there are other higher-level categories , such as strategic , which requires information from all areas for planning purposes ; managerial , which similarly needs data for day-to-day working ; [working] , which relates to the way in which particular programmes are implemented .

More effective discharge of operational functions and higher quality of service to the public
more effective discharge of [working] functions and higher quality of service to the public

The structure of the Group has altered radically to accommodate its changing operational requirements .
the structure of the group has altered radically to accommodate its changing [working] requirements .

Two information needs clearly emerge : quantification of workload generated by business volumes and operational systems ; rapid access to reliable personnel records in both individual and aggregated form .
two information needs clearly emerge : quantification of workload generated by business volumes and [working] systems ; rapid access to reliable personnel records in both individual and aggregated form .

By taking account of business and other operational plans , such as changes in working practices , projections are made over a five-year period to provide base information against which to evaluate alternative strategies on staffing requirements and costs .
by taking account of business and other [working] plans , such as changes in working practices , projections are made over a five-year period to provide base information against which to evaluate alternative strategies on staffing requirements and costs .

In my experience computer systems can be divided into three categories : ( i ) Operational systems , the area where computers have traditionally been used to process large volumes of information on a regular basis .
in my experience computer systems can be divided into three categories : ( i ) [working] systems , the area where computers have traditionally been used to process large volumes of information on a regular basis .

Now the major difference between these two categories is that with operational systems it is relatively easy for the user to define his requirements , in detail , in advance , for a specialist to program into the computer , whereas decision support systems , by their very nature , can only be defined in advance in global terms .
now the major difference between these two categories is that with [working] systems it is relatively easy for the user to define his requirements , in detail , in advance , for a specialist to program into the computer , whereas decision support systems , by their very nature , can only be defined in advance in global terms .

Information collected within operational systems , such as payroll , can feed into decision support systems such as are provided by a personnel data base , which in turn can be summarised for use in planning and modelling systems .
information collected within [working] systems , such as payroll , can feed into decision support systems such as are provided by a personnel data base , which in turn can be summarised for use in planning and modelling systems .

Key technical issues are : whether the operational systems such as payroll can be developed quickly , despite application backlogs , and changed easily as requirements inevitably change ; whether personal computing software is available to set up your Personnel Information System quickly and flexibly without direct recourse to computer professionals , allowing flexible ad hoc reporting and rapid response to continually changing requirements ; whether summaries of this information can be extracted to enable planning , monitoring , controlling and modelling applications to be carried out by the personnel planners .
key technical issues are : whether the [working] systems such as payroll can be developed quickly , despite application backlogs , and changed easily as requirements inevitably change ; whether personal computing software is available to set up your personnel information system quickly and flexibly without direct recourse to computer professionals , allowing flexible ad hoc reporting and rapid response to continually changing requirements ; whether summaries of this information can be extracted to enable planning , monitoring , controlling and modelling applications to be carried out by the personnel planners .

Once the system is fully operational , then one may consider moving to an in-house installation if the economies are worthwhile .
once the system is fully [working] , then one may consider moving to an in-house installation if the economies are worthwhile .

and Howard Griffin Operational Research Officer
and howard griffin [working] research officer

Furthermore , it is reasonable to expect that there will be an increasing demand from management in general for personnel information to support specific operational problems .
furthermore , it is reasonable to expect that there will be an increasing demand from management in general for personnel information to support specific [working] problems .

In operational day-to-day terms the Bank of England has a major influence on three major markets , the sterling money market , the foreign exchange market , and the gilt-edged market .
in [working] day-to-day terms the bank of england has a major influence on three major markets , the sterling money market , the foreign exchange market , and the gilt-edged market .

This is particularly so with respect to commercial and financial objectives , which will require different management and operational styles .
this is particularly so with respect to commercial and financial objectives , which will require different management and [working] styles .

Because Windows applications share common operational techniques , you can move easily between applications without having to learn a different set of commands for each .
because windows applications share common [working] techniques , you can move easily between applications without having to learn a different set of commands for each .

Our main operational bases are in Kuwait through Wood Group Engineering [ Kuwait ] Ltd .
our main [working] bases are in kuwait through wood group engineering [ kuwait ] ltd .

‘ But this will only be operational when the market is right .
‘ but this will only be [working] when the market is right .

An infrastructure has been established for campaigning in the years to come : a Leader and some 30 distinguished Patrons have agreed to support the Campaign ; an initial portfolio of investment projects has been drawn up ; and the Alumni database , with an active list of some 25 % of the graduate body , is now operational .
an infrastructure has been established for campaigning in the years to come : a leader and some 30 distinguished patrons have agreed to support the campaign ; an initial portfolio of investment projects has been drawn up ; and the alumni database , with an active list of some 25 % of the graduate body , is now [working] .

Both Landsats 4 and 5 are still operational in late 1989 , though Landsat 4 is operating on reduced power .
both landsats 4 and 5 are still [working] in late 1989 , though landsat 4 is operating on reduced power .

The list given above is just a selection ; an operational cartographic database would hold many more features .
the list given above is just a selection ; an [working] cartographic database would hold many more features .

It attempts to model operational interactions between company functions in one way that is logically sound .
it attempts to model [working] interactions between company functions in one way that is logically sound .

The inverted commas are used to emphasize that such statements contain estimates and personal decisions that are sometimes arbitrary and refer to specific accounting periods which may not be representative of the operational situation .
the inverted commas are used to emphasize that such statements contain estimates and personal decisions that are sometimes arbitrary and refer to specific accounting periods which may not be representative of the [working] situation .

Operational problems were experienced at some of the less well positioned businesses which found it difficult to sustain market share in the current environment .
[working] problems were experienced at some of the less well positioned businesses which found it difficult to sustain market share in the current environment .

The Chairman 's Committee comprising the Executive Directors deals with the overall operational management of the Company .
the chairman 's committee comprising the executive directors deals with the overall [working] management of the company .

The team is now in place but the total reorganisation task has been expensive and operational efficiency has suffered during the process of change .
the team is now in place but the total reorganisation task has been expensive and [working] efficiency has suffered during the process of change .

He had left Najaf in 1977 , finding asylum in France and a new operational base from which to beam his messages to the populace , such as calls for the creation of the revolutionary ‘ komitehs ’ that sprang up ‘ in many parts of the capital ’ and appeals to the army to desert .
he had left najaf in 1977 , finding asylum in france and a new [working] base from which to beam his messages to the populace , such as calls for the creation of the revolutionary ‘ komitehs ’ that sprang up ‘ in many parts of the capital ’ and appeals to the army to desert .

Stories began to emerge about maintenance and logistical problems , to the effect that only 20 of the original 84 Tomcats supplied were operational by 1981 ( and no more than 40–50 aircraft altogether ) .
stories began to emerge about maintenance and logistical problems , to the effect that only 20 of the original 84 tomcats supplied were [working] by 1981 ( and no more than 40–50 aircraft altogether ) .

Throughout Iraq and even in neighbouring Kuwait , it was possible to share something of the flavour of the front line through the early evening transmissions of Suwar min al-maarakah ( pictures from the battle ) , which followed the news and which , in addition to depicting the bombardment of distant Iranian positions by Iraqi artillery , contributed some human interest with groups of soldiers , sometimes regulars , sometimes from the People 's Army , having a brew-up in some operational area , waving to the camera and generally putting on a show .
throughout iraq and even in neighbouring kuwait , it was possible to share something of the flavour of the front line through the early evening transmissions of suwar min al-maarakah ( pictures from the battle ) , which followed the news and which , in addition to depicting the bombardment of distant iranian positions by iraqi artillery , contributed some human interest with groups of soldiers , sometimes regulars , sometimes from the people 's army , having a brew-up in some [working] area , waving to the camera and generally putting on a show .

At Chilton we have commissioned the new warehouse which has eased our storage problems and the second extruder line is due to be fully operational in early July .
at chilton we have commissioned the new warehouse which has eased our storage problems and the second extruder line is due to be fully [working] in early july .

Maltings engineer , ( father of ) , and the maintenance team deserve special mention in this feature for their combined skill in keeping essential plant operational and for their assistance with new installation .
maltings engineer , ( father of ) , and the maintenance team deserve special mention in this feature for their combined skill in keeping essential plant [working] and for their assistance with new installation .

The user 's acceptor represents the users and approves the specifications from the users ’ point of view before construction starts , and the user will use the operational system .
the user 's acceptor represents the users and approves the specifications from the users ’ point of view before construction starts , and the user will use the [working] system .

Designing the information systems project around management needs may , however , ignore the operational requirements .
designing the information systems project around management needs may , however , ignore the [working] requirements .

To fulfil operational requirements as well may lead to data being collected , validated and stored more than once .
to fulfil [working] requirements as well may lead to data being collected , validated and stored more than once .

However , there are circumstances where management information can not be derived from operational data .
however , there are circumstances where management information can not be derived from [working] data .

In a database environment , many applications are large operational systems , such as sales order processing , sales ledger , production control , stock control , and invoicing .
in a database environment , many applications are large [working] systems , such as sales order processing , sales ledger , production control , stock control , and invoicing .

Involvement should mean much more than agreeing to be interviewed by the analyst and working extra overtime hours as the operational date for the new system nears .
involvement should mean much more than agreeing to be interviewed by the analyst and working extra overtime hours as the [working] date for the new system nears .

The user will also know how the new system operates by the time it becomes operational , with the result that there are likely to be fewer ‘ teething troubles ’ with the new system .
the user will also know how the new system operates by the time it becomes [working] , with the result that there are likely to be fewer ‘ teething troubles ’ with the new system .

‘ These are operational , ’ Harvey said .
‘ these are [working] , ’ harvey said .

‘ You saw the operational machines , ’ said Harvey .
‘ you saw the [working] machines , ’ said harvey .

‘ Non operational ’ the plastic ticket said .
‘ non [working] ’ the plastic ticket said .

Melcarek , Cernohlavek and Brown described a solid-state measuring device consisting of a sensitive photo-diode as sensor , coupled to an operational amplifier .
melcarek , cernohlavek and brown described a solid-state measuring device consisting of a sensitive photo-diode as sensor , coupled to an [working] amplifier .

The main testing has been operational , but it has been carried out under a variety of conditions and the low-level sub-programs in particular have survived essentially unchanged through several changes to the program .
the main testing has been [working] , but it has been carried out under a variety of conditions and the low-level sub-programs in particular have survived essentially unchanged through several changes to the program .

These are variability , segmentation and operational difficulties .
these are variability , segmentation and [working] difficulties .

Both speech and handwriting recognisers suffer from operational difficulties .
both speech and handwriting recognisers suffer from [working] difficulties .

For speech recognition the principal operational difficulty to be faced is the interference to the acoustic signal from background noise .
for speech recognition the principal [working] difficulty to be faced is the interference to the acoustic signal from background noise .

From multi-sectoral operational components to the cross-cultural implementation of paradigm shifts .
from multi-sectoral [working] components to the cross-cultural implementation of paradigm shifts .

The implementation of key targets as operational components of the new strategy — and hence also of the process of negotiation — may be conceived in the time frame of a decade but only in the form of a dynamic process , with different time frames for different components , and with an in-built and effective mechanism for review and reappraisal , leading to adjustments and correctives whenever the strategy is seen to deflect from the goals and objectives of development for which it was devised .
the implementation of key targets as [working] components of the new strategy — and hence also of the process of negotiation — may be conceived in the time frame of a decade but only in the form of a dynamic process , with different time frames for different components , and with an in-built and effective mechanism for review and reappraisal , leading to adjustments and correctives whenever the strategy is seen to deflect from the goals and objectives of development for which it was devised .

It should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their operational components , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .
it should be in the form not of a ‘ plan of action ’ but rather of a manifesto , which provides the framework of a sustained commitment to , and implementation of , development goals and their [working] components , and embodies institutional mechanisms for continuous negotiation , monitoring , appraisal , criticism and modification .

Can not the right hon. Gentleman accept that the Para battalions should have been the last to be cut , and that , if cuts must be made , they should be made on the basis of operational effectiveness , not political expediency ? Is not this the worst possible decision for both 4 and 15 Para ? For how long can the right hon. Gentleman guarantee the existence of a 15 Para based in Glasgow ? Why did he not decide to reduce the three para battalions to the new standard size ?
can not the right hon. gentleman accept that the para battalions should have been the last to be cut , and that , if cuts must be made , they should be made on the basis of [working] effectiveness , not political expediency ? is not this the worst possible decision for both 4 and 15 para ? for how long can the right hon. gentleman guarantee the existence of a 15 para based in glasgow ? why did he not decide to reduce the three para battalions to the new standard size ?

When it comes to operational issues and manpower , the stock answer is that information on the running costs of individual units is not held centrally and could be provided only by the use of disproportionate time and effort , yet the Minister criticises us for not being more specific .
when it comes to [working] issues and manpower , the stock answer is that information on the running costs of individual units is not held centrally and could be provided only by the use of disproportionate time and effort , yet the minister criticises us for not being more specific .

Many units would suffer a loss of morale and motivation , which may put the operational effectiveness of those units in jeopardy .
many units would suffer a loss of morale and motivation , which may put the [working] effectiveness of those units in jeopardy .

The methods used and the pollution control systems fitted are sophisticated and provide a safe and sound disposal option , subject to rigorous operational controls and inspection .
the methods used and the pollution control systems fitted are sophisticated and provide a safe and sound disposal option , subject to rigorous [working] controls and inspection .

We are , therefore , proposing to provide a number of new information services which the police believe will make a significant contribution to their operational effectiveness .
we are , therefore , proposing to provide a number of new information services which the police believe will make a significant contribution to their [working] effectiveness .

The Pembrokeshire national health service trust will become operational on 1 April 1992 .
the pembrokeshire national health service trust will become [working] on 1 april 1992 .

The implementation of section 39 is an operational matter for the chief constable .
the implementation of section 39 is an [working] matter for the chief constable .

The recruitment of traffic wardens is the responsibility of individual police authorities and their deployment is an operational matter for individual chief officers .
the recruitment of traffic wardens is the responsibility of individual police authorities and their deployment is an [working] matter for individual chief officers .

To ask the Secretary of State for Employment how many training and enterprise councils were operational in ( a ) March 1990 and ( b ) January 1992 .
to ask the secretary of state for employment how many training and enterprise councils were [working] in ( a ) march 1990 and ( b ) january 1992 .

There were no training and enterprise councils operational in March 1990 .
there were no training and enterprise councils [working] in march 1990 .

The full network of 82 training and enterprise councils has been operational since last October .
the full network of 82 training and enterprise councils has been [working] since last october .

In the past eight years , some 5,400 police officers have been freed for operational policing duties by civilianising posts which do not require the powers or skills of a police officer , representing an efficiency gain of around £100 million per year .
in the past eight years , some 5,400 police officers have been freed for [working] policing duties by civilianising posts which do not require the powers or skills of a police officer , representing an efficiency gain of around £100 million per year .

Will my right hon. Friend give serious consideration to the introduction of short-term selective internment ? At a time of heightened terrorist activity , would not that undermine the operational effectiveness of the terrorists and play havoc with their planned acts of violence ?
will my right hon. friend give serious consideration to the introduction of short-term selective internment ? at a time of heightened terrorist activity , would not that undermine the [working] effectiveness of the terrorists and play havoc with their planned acts of violence ?

Those of us who desperately want Czechoslovakia , Poland and Hungary to be admitted to the European Community during this decade , with the transition over by the year 2000 before they are economically ready for it , have to accept that majority voting will be needed if the single market is to be operational in former command communist economies .
those of us who desperately want czechoslovakia , poland and hungary to be admitted to the european community during this decade , with the transition over by the year 2000 before they are economically ready for it , have to accept that majority voting will be needed if the single market is to be [working] in former command communist economies .

It provides the greatest area of enclosed water , retains the operational use of Cardiff dock and provides the greatest opportunity for waterside development and water-related recreational uses .
it provides the greatest area of enclosed water , retains the [working] use of cardiff dock and provides the greatest opportunity for waterside development and water-related recreational uses .

In doing so , it should not impound the entrance to the operational Cardiff dock , but should enclose the Penarth marina .
in doing so , it should not impound the entrance to the [working] cardiff dock , but should enclose the penarth marina .

By 7th March 1940 , the Chief Ordnance Officer estimated that once Donnington was operational , the railway would have to carry 1,450 rail wagons ( 7,250 tons ) inward and 2.050 ( 10,250 tons ) outward each month ( an average 5 tons per wagon ) .
by 7th march 1940 , the chief ordnance officer estimated that once donnington was [working] , the railway would have to carry 1,450 rail wagons ( 7,250 tons ) inward and 2.050 ( 10,250 tons ) outward each month ( an average 5 tons per wagon ) .

Strategic planning with a diversified U-form organization is difficult not only because top management 's limited attention is more frequently diverted to operational matters .
strategic planning with a diversified u-form organization is difficult not only because top management 's limited attention is more frequently diverted to [working] matters .

The M-form economizes on the bounded rationality of top management by decentralizing operational decisions to the divisional level .
the m-form economizes on the bounded rationality of top management by decentralizing [working] decisions to the divisional level .

Department of Mathematical Statistics and Operational Research
department of mathematical statistics and [working] research

Dept of Operational Research and Operations Management
dept of [working] research and operations management

Making equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) operational requires some terminal conditions to solve back all the reservation wages .
making equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) [working] requires some terminal conditions to solve back all the reservation wages .

At the same time , the figure for ‘ operational balances at the Bank of England ’ falls by an equal amount as the recipients of his cheques pay them into their accounts at different banks and the cheques are presented for payment at the issuing bank .
at the same time , the figure for ‘ [working] balances at the bank of england ’ falls by an equal amount as the recipients of his cheques pay them into their accounts at different banks and the cheques are presented for payment at the issuing bank .

Advances will be larger by the amount of the loan and the bank 's operational balances will be smaller by the same amount .
advances will be larger by the amount of the loan and the bank 's [working] balances will be smaller by the same amount .

Operational balances were reduced ( and advances increased ) by the fact that the borrower wrote cheques which other people paid into their accounts at other banks .
[working] balances were reduced ( and advances increased ) by the fact that the borrower wrote cheques which other people paid into their accounts at other banks .

If we were to look at the balance sheets of these other banks , we should find that their customers ' deposits had increased and that this increase was matched on the asset side by an increase in their operational balances at the Bank of England .
if we were to look at the balance sheets of these other banks , we should find that their customers ' deposits had increased and that this increase was matched on the asset side by an increase in their [working] balances at the bank of england .

It lends to a customer whose spending leads to an increase in ‘ advances ’ at the expense of ‘ operational balances ’ .
it lends to a customer whose spending leads to an increase in ‘ advances ’ at the expense of ‘ [working] balances ’ .

Remember though that each bank was able to lend only by running down operational balances in order to make advances .
remember though that each bank was able to lend only by running down [working] balances in order to make advances .

Therefore , each time it receives new deposits and operational balances , the additional balances serve only to replace the balances used to increase its own advances .
therefore , each time it receives new deposits and [working] balances , the additional balances serve only to replace the balances used to increase its own advances .

If we were to inspect the balance sheet at intervals as this process continued over time we should find that operational balances were oscillating around their original level while the increases appeared in deposits ( on the liabilities side ) and advances ( on the asset side ) .
if we were to inspect the balance sheet at intervals as this process continued over time we should find that [working] balances were oscillating around their original level while the increases appeared in deposits ( on the liabilities side ) and advances ( on the asset side ) .

The balance sheet is expanding , but the ratio of operational balances to total assets/liabilities is falling .
the balance sheet is expanding , but the ratio of [working] balances to total assets/liabilities is falling .

Suppose also that where is the wide monetary base , are bankers ' deposits ( operational balances ) , is banks ' holdings of notes and coin and is , as before , the public 's holdings of notes and coin .
suppose also that where is the wide monetary base , are bankers ' deposits ( [working] balances ) , is banks ' holdings of notes and coin and is , as before , the public 's holdings of notes and coin .

It would gain deposits , matched exactly of course by additional operational balances .
it would gain deposits , matched exactly of course by additional [working] balances .

Since operational balances were previously only a very small proportion of deposits , this addition to both in the ratio of 1 : 1 must raise the overall ratio .
since [working] balances were previously only a very small proportion of deposits , this addition to both in the ratio of 1 : 1 must raise the overall ratio .

When their cheques are cleared our bank will have fewer securities but more operational balances to its credit and its position will have improved .
when their cheques are cleared our bank will have fewer securities but more [working] balances to its credit and its position will have improved .

Customers of other banks will have more securities , fewer bank deposits and their banks will have fewer operational balances .
customers of other banks will have more securities , fewer bank deposits and their banks will have fewer [working] balances .

Can an overall school policy which gives appropriate weight to equal opportunities , health education , political literacy , personal , social and moral education and the other emphases described in Lawton 's analysis be planned , implemented and , in general terms , managed without a detailed understanding of what is needed to handle each issue ? Can the managers make any precise allocation of time and other resources to planning and defining their operational steps in these amorphous areas ? Can they reduce those steps to verifiable , traceable steps of quality control ?
can an overall school policy which gives appropriate weight to equal opportunities , health education , political literacy , personal , social and moral education and the other emphases described in lawton 's analysis be planned , implemented and , in general terms , managed without a detailed understanding of what is needed to handle each issue ? can the managers make any precise allocation of time and other resources to planning and defining their [working] steps in these amorphous areas ? can they reduce those steps to verifiable , traceable steps of quality control ?

So at 18 , she seized her chance to leave her Ilford , Essex home , waving a fond farewell to her parents and sister , and accepted a place at Hull University to study for a degree in Operational Research and Management .
so at 18 , she seized her chance to leave her ilford , essex home , waving a fond farewell to her parents and sister , and accepted a place at hull university to study for a degree in [working] research and management .

Our operational area embraces the commercial core of Scotland 's largest city , offering great potential for further growth .
our [working] area embraces the commercial core of scotland 's largest city , offering great potential for further growth .

The Centre should be timetabled for operational use by students and formally supervised by a designated member of staff .
the centre should be timetabled for [working] use by students and formally supervised by a designated member of staff .

In either event , the employee will probably seek to argue that operational savings properly fall to be regarded as a benefit derived from the patent .
in either event , the employee will probably seek to argue that [working] savings properly fall to be regarded as a benefit derived from the patent .

As suggested above , what Community law seems to require national courts positively to do is to identify an organisational function and then to ascertain whether control of that function has been transferred from one person to another in such a way that the function retains its operational structure .
as suggested above , what community law seems to require national courts positively to do is to identify an organisational function and then to ascertain whether control of that function has been transferred from one person to another in such a way that the function retains its [working] structure .

It should be recognised that all too often the operational design intent is not followed by those operating or using the design in practice .
it should be recognised that all too often the [working] design intent is not followed by those operating or using the design in practice .

This is very important — otherwise the customer will not know the design intent nor the operational safety limits .
this is very important — otherwise the customer will not know the design intent nor the [working] safety limits .

The bottom level , the operational level , involves aspects such as maintaining road position and the use of the car controls .
the bottom level , the [working] level , involves aspects such as maintaining road position and the use of the car controls .

There is relatively little controversy about the nature of the operational level .
there is relatively little controversy about the nature of the [working] level .

The demonstration that such tasks can involve controlled processes does not mean that they always do , even tasks at the operational level may be performed as controlled processes , for example , when starting to drive an unusual vehicle .
the demonstration that such tasks can involve controlled processes does not mean that they always do , even tasks at the [working] level may be performed as controlled processes , for example , when starting to drive an unusual vehicle .

It is possible to divide the behaviours into three main types on this basis , tasks involving prospective memory , those involving memory for behaviour at the operational level , and those involving memory for behaviour at the tactical level .
it is possible to divide the behaviours into three main types on this basis , tasks involving prospective memory , those involving memory for behaviour at the [working] level , and those involving memory for behaviour at the tactical level .

Memory for Events at the Operational Level
memory for events at the [working] level

The most common of the behaviours in Table 1.1 , forgetting which gear you are in , appears to be an example of lack of memory for a task at the operational level which is normally performed automatically .
the most common of the behaviours in table 1.1 , forgetting which gear you are in , appears to be an example of lack of memory for a task at the [working] level which is normally performed automatically .

It seems likely that this is typical of tasks at the operational level , such tasks can be performed automatically and no episodic memory for their performance is normally formed .
it seems likely that this is typical of tasks at the [working] level , such tasks can be performed automatically and no episodic memory for their performance is normally formed .

The evidence available suggests that events at the operational level will be fully automatic in normal driving and that there is unlikely to be any episodic memory available of them subsequently unless unusual circumstances occurred to force controlled processes to be used .
the evidence available suggests that events at the [working] level will be fully automatic in normal driving and that there is unlikely to be any episodic memory available of them subsequently unless unusual circumstances occurred to force controlled processes to be used .

Drivers may normally have no memory at all for actions performed at the operational level , moreover , there is a suggestion that in some circumstances memory for actions and information at the tactical level may also be almost entirely absent .
drivers may normally have no memory at all for actions performed at the [working] level , moreover , there is a suggestion that in some circumstances memory for actions and information at the tactical level may also be almost entirely absent .

To maintain and review the operational practices in relation to change and development with the specialism .
to maintain and review the [working] practices in relation to change and development with the specialism .

The Group 's FInal Report , published in December 1990 after two intensive surveys in 1986 and 1988 , highlighted the need for better operational control of the sewage works and the need to prevent incidental pollution .
the group 's final report , published in december 1990 after two intensive surveys in 1986 and 1988 , highlighted the need for better [working] control of the sewage works and the need to prevent incidental pollution .

The Eastern Area was a major problem with contracting losses and supply problems at Greenwich due to the new plant ( now fully operational ) .
the eastern area was a major problem with contracting losses and supply problems at greenwich due to the new plant ( now fully [working] ) .

From January 1993 , the Land Assessment business has been under the operational control of Iain Ferrier , supported by Nigel Board and Peter Constantine in the South .
from january 1993 , the land assessment business has been under the [working] control of iain ferrier , supported by nigel board and peter constantine in the south .

As a result of our extensive review of the design and build business in the early part of last year we have reinforced our operational and management capabilities in this area with the appointment of a number of experienced design and build professionals .
as a result of our extensive review of the design and build business in the early part of last year we have reinforced our [working] and management capabilities in this area with the appointment of a number of experienced design and build professionals .

There will be reorganisations within business units to adjust to operational demands and to maximise our success .
there will be reorganisations within business units to adjust to [working] demands and to maximise our success .

Conceptual or Operational
conceptual or [working]

Stage coaches operational between Edinburgh and Leith , taking one hour to accomplish the journey .
stage coaches [working] between edinburgh and leith , taking one hour to accomplish the journey .

One such influential doctrine of this order which , though now discredited in its strong form , still influences methodological thinking is the notion of `` operational definitions `` .
one such influential doctrine of this order which , though now discredited in its strong form , still influences methodological thinking is the notion of `` [working] definitions `` .

However we do not want to engage in the quantitative issue for the moment , but stay with the relationship between the theoretical concept and its operational definition .
however we do not want to engage in the quantitative issue for the moment , but stay with the relationship between the theoretical concept and its [working] definition .

Theoretical concepts are , by their nature , much wider in their meaning than operational definitions .
theoretical concepts are , by their nature , much wider in their meaning than [working] definitions .

It may be , for example , that an attitude scale , for whatever reason , could not be used as an `` operational measure `` .
it may be , for example , that an attitude scale , for whatever reason , could not be used as an `` [working] measure `` .

New investor regulations had been introduced in 1988 , and at the beginning of 1990 a new International Business Companies Act became operational .
new investor regulations had been introduced in 1988 , and at the beginning of 1990 a new international business companies act became [working] .

The accord was due to become operational following the formal exchange of copies scheduled for Feb. 19 , in Pyongyang , at the sixth round of Premiers ' talks .
the accord was due to become [working] following the formal exchange of copies scheduled for feb. 19 , in pyongyang , at the sixth round of premiers ' talks .

The Defence Ministry operational headquarters in Colombo was the target of a suicide bombing on June 21 in which 11 soldiers and 10 civilians died , and over a hundred were wounded .
the defence ministry [working] headquarters in colombo was the target of a suicide bombing on june 21 in which 11 soldiers and 10 civilians died , and over a hundred were wounded .

Rudolf Warouw , then commander of the East Timor Operational Command — had been relieved of their posts in December [ see p. 38677 ] ( and replaced in January by Maj.-Gen. Herman Mantiri and Gen. Theo Syafei respectively ) .
rudolf warouw , then commander of the east timor [working] command — had been relieved of their posts in december [ see p. 38677 ] ( and replaced in january by maj.-gen. herman mantiri and gen. theo syafei respectively ) .

Rudolf Samuel Warouw , of the East Timor Operational Command .
rudolf samuel warouw , of the east timor [working] command .

The first nuclear power station of solely Chinese design and construction became operational on Dec. 15 .
the first nuclear power station of solely chinese design and construction became [working] on dec. 15 .

On Nov. 4 Radio Pakistan reported that the modified and improved Pakistan Atomic Research Reactor became operational on Oct. 31 .
on nov. 4 radio pakistan reported that the modified and improved pakistan atomic research reactor became [working] on oct. 31 .

The proposed expenditure figure was in line with the 1991-95 medium-term defence spending programme , which was approved by the government on Dec. 20 and became operational in April 1991 .
the proposed expenditure figure was in line with the 1991-95 medium-term defence spending programme , which was approved by the government on dec. 20 and became [working] in april 1991 .

Many delegates reiterated Blix 's observations , but there was also general agreement that in the wake of the Chernobyl accident in 1986 [ see p. 34460 ] efforts to restore the nuclear option worldwide would only be successful if public confidence in the operational safety of nuclear facilities could be restored .
many delegates reiterated blix 's observations , but there was also general agreement that in the wake of the chernobyl accident in 1986 [ see p. 34460 ] efforts to restore the nuclear option worldwide would only be successful if public confidence in the [working] safety of nuclear facilities could be restored .

It is often stated that young children are in the concrete operational stage of development and that their experience of the adult world and their ability to understand are restricted .
it is often stated that young children are in the concrete [working] stage of development and that their experience of the adult world and their ability to understand are restricted .

While it has been demonstrated by the work of Piaget and others that , at primary school age , children 's understanding functions at the concrete operational stage , more recent research in primary history has tended to suggest that children 's `` historical `` thinking can be developed and encouraged by certain teaching techniques .
while it has been demonstrated by the work of piaget and others that , at primary school age , children 's understanding functions at the concrete [working] stage , more recent research in primary history has tended to suggest that children 's `` historical `` thinking can be developed and encouraged by certain teaching techniques .

In the case of lift installations it is essential that they receive regular preventative maintenance inspections to meet the paramount conditions of safety and operational efficiency .
in the case of lift installations it is essential that they receive regular preventative maintenance inspections to meet the paramount conditions of safety and [working] efficiency .

In addition to the usual administration and operational needs of any building , hotels have some very important and significant differences .
in addition to the usual administration and [working] needs of any building , hotels have some very important and significant differences .

In some cases , it may be possible to consider complete renewal of the lifts , but the demands of hotel operational requirements and over-all time-scale usually conspire to make in situ modernisation the most practical solution .
in some cases , it may be possible to consider complete renewal of the lifts , but the demands of hotel [working] requirements and over-all time-scale usually conspire to make in situ modernisation the most practical solution .

The operational characteristics of hotels are determined by the demands of hotel guests and the preferred response of individual hotel administrations in line with their targeted guest market .
the [working] characteristics of hotels are determined by the demands of hotel guests and the preferred response of individual hotel administrations in line with their targeted guest market .

During the summer of 1991 , a small scale prototype was tested under operational conditions with United Airlines at Colnbrook .
during the summer of 1991 , a small scale prototype was tested under [working] conditions with united airlines at colnbrook .

Having established the correct space allocation , and had it agreed by the architect , a basic layout of all areas , kitchen , pantries , stores , bars and so on , is planned , bearing in mind the logical sequence of operational events .
having established the correct space allocation , and had it agreed by the architect , a basic layout of all areas , kitchen , pantries , stores , bars and so on , is planned , bearing in mind the logical sequence of [working] events .

The most important factors to consider when you employ a food service designer are that he is a professional , has integrity of purpose , is working for the client all the time , and has the client 's immediate financial interest at heart , plus the continued operational interest in the facility when it is opened .
the most important factors to consider when you employ a food service designer are that he is a professional , has integrity of purpose , is working for the client all the time , and has the client 's immediate financial interest at heart , plus the continued [working] interest in the facility when it is opened .

Once this is decided , you can look at your original operational requirements and compare them to the products in the representative 's portfolio .
once this is decided , you can look at your original [working] requirements and compare them to the products in the representative 's portfolio .

Operational safety — floor matting
[working] safety — floor matting

Floor matting is leading the way to operational safety and efficiency in the food science industry .
floor matting is leading the way to [working] safety and efficiency in the food science industry .

Leading the way to operational safety and efficiency is the installation of appropriate floor matting , specific to the work station requirements .
leading the way to [working] safety and efficiency is the installation of appropriate floor matting , specific to the work station requirements .

The lessons that the British and later the Americans drew from Dakar were twofold : first , the operational and political disadvantages of collaborative expeditions with Free France ; and second , the practical necessity of working with or at least through Vichy 's imperial administrators .
the lessons that the british and later the americans drew from dakar were twofold : first , the [working] and political disadvantages of collaborative expeditions with free france ; and second , the practical necessity of working with or at least through vichy 's imperial administrators .

We will wish to introduce clear guidance and operational systems to expedite this as soon as possible .
we will wish to introduce clear guidance and [working] systems to expedite this as soon as possible .

Operational standards in the industry depend on the competence and integrity of managers .
[working] standards in the industry depend on the competence and integrity of managers .

The research has given rise to a series of more or less operational online catalogues , three fairly lengthy reports and a number of articles and published and unpublished talks .
the research has given rise to a series of more or less [working] online catalogues , three fairly lengthy reports and a number of articles and published and unpublished talks .

With the increased comfort and greater operational range more ambitious patrols could now be carried out and Venturous began to be seen as far north as Islay on the west coast and the Tyne on the east coast .
with the increased comfort and greater [working] range more ambitious patrols could now be carried out and venturous began to be seen as far north as islay on the west coast and the tyne on the east coast .

With the advent of Venturous , it was time for the old Vigilant to bow out and she was taken out of service in May 1962 when Venturous was commissioned and became operational .
with the advent of venturous , it was time for the old vigilant to bow out and she was taken out of service in may 1962 when venturous was commissioned and became [working] .

In the early seventies an interesting development on our operational side was the emergence of illegal immigrant running by sea .
in the early seventies an interesting development on our [working] side was the emergence of illegal immigrant running by sea .

Sometimes this could be rather deflating to our egos as we enjoyed handling our ships , keeping them smart and clean and maintaining all the equipment and machinery in good operational order in readiness for any job we were asked to do .
sometimes this could be rather deflating to our egos as we enjoyed handling our ships , keeping them smart and clean and maintaining all the equipment and machinery in good [working] order in readiness for any job we were asked to do .

The first new distillery to be built in Louisville , Kentucky , in almost three decades is now operational .
the first new distillery to be built in louisville , kentucky , in almost three decades is now [working] .

Following the reorganisation , the Asia/Pacific region 's headquarters are now established and fully operational in Singapore .
following the reorganisation , the asia/pacific region 's headquarters are now established and fully [working] in singapore .

The inverted commas are used to emphasize that such statements contain estimates and personal decisions that are sometimes arbitrary and refer to specific accounting periods which may not be representative of the operational situation .
the inverted commas are used to emphasize that such statements contain estimates and personal decisions that are sometimes arbitrary and refer to specific accounting periods which may not be representative of the [working] situation .

It has , today , been adapted to measure the effectiveness of operational research .
it has , today , been adapted to measure the effectiveness of [working] research .

‘ We believed very much in the significance of what we were doing , ’ said Secord , leaving for a moment the sticky operational details .
‘ we believed very much in the significance of what we were doing , ’ said secord , leaving for a moment the sticky [working] details .

The muscles had been fully stimulated during the growth period and Ewan had supposed they 'd be fully operational immediately .
the muscles had been fully stimulated during the growth period and ewan had supposed they 'd be fully [working] immediately .

The Bank of England 's main concern was to head off potential operational difficulties caused by settlement and clearing problems facing banks forced out of the area .
the bank of england 's main concern was to head off potential [working] difficulties caused by settlement and clearing problems facing banks forced out of the area .

During Bomber Command 's costly daylight raids on the Heligoland Bight early in the Second World War , he accompanied a Hampden crew on at least one operational sortie over Germany .
during bomber command 's costly daylight raids on the heligoland bight early in the second world war , he accompanied a hampden crew on at least one [working] sortie over germany .

And the third is the current military method of implementing that Defence policy in terms of operational roles and resources allotted to the different elements of our military forces .
and the third is the current military method of implementing that defence policy in terms of [working] roles and resources allotted to the different elements of our military forces .

The Army , being manpower intensive , is on its guard against cuts in the operational commitments that underpin the existence of its named infantry and armoured regiments , whose traditions stretch back to the Restoration .
the army , being manpower intensive , is on its guard against cuts in the [working] commitments that underpin the existence of its named infantry and armoured regiments , whose traditions stretch back to the restoration .

There has to be an operational role or ‘ peg ’ , which provides the raison d'être for each regiment , if it is to survive in the harsh financial climate of our post-imperial era .
there has to be an [working] role or ‘ peg ’ , which provides the raison d'être for each regiment , if it is to survive in the harsh financial climate of our post-imperial era .

The initiative comes from the Operational Requirements Staffs of the Naval , General , and Air Staffs ( now part of the Central Staff under the latest reorganization of the Ministry , but still carrying out the same function — see page 175 ) .
the initiative comes from the [working] requirements staffs of the naval , general , and air staffs ( now part of the central staff under the latest reorganization of the ministry , but still carrying out the same function — see page 175 ) .

On the one hand , they are experienced officers drawn from operational units with whom they keep in close touch ; and , on the other , they are advised by the Defence scientists and by the technologists in British industry .
on the one hand , they are experienced officers drawn from [working] units with whom they keep in close touch ; and , on the other , they are advised by the defence scientists and by the technologists in british industry .

They are often written as well to support private ventures by British firms , which are showing promise , but need a Staff Target or Operational Requirement before they can be given official consideration .
they are often written as well to support private ventures by british firms , which are showing promise , but need a staff target or [working] requirement before they can be given official consideration .

The Operational Requirement system , while entirely logical and well practised , is also inherently unbalanced in one important respect , which tends to exacerbate equipment-cost inflation .
the [working] requirement system , while entirely logical and well practised , is also inherently unbalanced in one important respect , which tends to exacerbate equipment-cost inflation .

Agreeing operational requirements is the first and most tiresome obstacle .
agreeing [working] requirements is the first and most tiresome obstacle .

Apart from the language barrier , which has been eased by the general acceptance of English everywhere except in France , British and Continental military staffs have practically no shared operational experience or traditions .
apart from the language barrier , which has been eased by the general acceptance of english everywhere except in france , british and continental military staffs have practically no shared [working] experience or traditions .

In consequence , European collaboration is fraught and costly : operational requirements are made more complex than they ought to be by the need for compromise ; sharing development leads to mismatches of components that have to be corrected late on in programmes ; and divided production and assembly increases overheads and puts up costs .
in consequence , european collaboration is fraught and costly : [working] requirements are made more complex than they ought to be by the need for compromise ; sharing development leads to mismatches of components that have to be corrected late on in programmes ; and divided production and assembly increases overheads and puts up costs .

And the third factor was the splintering of the collective voice of the Chiefs of Staff as decision-making swung away from operational problems to arguments over the Defence programmes .
and the third factor was the splintering of the collective voice of the chiefs of staff as decision-making swung away from [working] problems to arguments over the defence programmes .

Operational Requirements for the V-bombers were issued in 1946 with an in-service date of the mid-1950s , as required by the Government 's Ten-Year Rule .
[working] requirements for the v-bombers were issued in 1946 with an in-service date of the mid-1950s , as required by the government 's ten-year rule .

They also insisted that a minimum stockpile of atomic bombs ( a figure of 20 was mentioned ) should be maintained in the United Kingdom under British operational control at all times for use by Bomber Command .
they also insisted that a minimum stockpile of atomic bombs ( a figure of 20 was mentioned ) should be maintained in the united kingdom under british [working] control at all times for use by bomber command .

But in the history of warfare new weapon systems rarely achieve immediate dominance : only the passage of time and operational experience decides whether the older , well-tried systems should be superseded or not .
but in the history of warfare new weapon systems rarely achieve immediate dominance : only the passage of time and [working] experience decides whether the older , well-tried systems should be superseded or not .

And so it came about that while the Operational Staffs of the three Service Ministries were grappling with the Suez crisis of 1956 , which entailed increasing the Defence effort and calling up reservists to fill gaps in the order of battle for the contingency plan Musketeer , they were answering questions posed by the Hull Committee about the implications of halving Service manpower by April 1960 or 1961 at the very latest !
and so it came about that while the [working] staffs of the three service ministries were grappling with the suez crisis of 1956 , which entailed increasing the defence effort and calling up reservists to fill gaps in the order of battle for the contingency plan musketeer , they were answering questions posed by the hull committee about the implications of halving service manpower by april 1960 or 1961 at the very latest !

Finding ways round the block of Arab Nationalist states , that stretched from Syria in the north to the southern frontier of the Sudan in the south , was to become one of the major tactical problems faced by the Defence operational staffs and the Diplomatic Service throughout the 1960s .
finding ways round the block of arab nationalist states , that stretched from syria in the north to the southern frontier of the sudan in the south , was to become one of the major tactical problems faced by the defence [working] staffs and the diplomatic service throughout the 1960s .

In operational planning , the Declaration of Common Purpose , which Macmillan would have preferred to have called the Declaration of Interdependence , led to even closer relations between the British and American air forces .
in [working] planning , the declaration of common purpose , which macmillan would have preferred to have called the declaration of interdependence , led to even closer relations between the british and american air forces .

Each infantry battalion and armoured regiment had to have an operational ‘ peg ’ , but much of the sting was taken out of the Sandys Reformation , as far as the Army was concerned , by many of its regiments having 2nd and 3rd battalions , which could be amalgamated with 1st battalions as National Servicemen ran out , thus preserving regimental traditions .
each infantry battalion and armoured regiment had to have an [working] ‘ peg ’ , but much of the sting was taken out of the sandys reformation , as far as the army was concerned , by many of its regiments having 2nd and 3rd battalions , which could be amalgamated with 1st battalions as national servicemen ran out , thus preserving regimental traditions .

Macmillan and Sandys , as Minister of Aviation , fought hard to prevent cancellation , but Watkinson and the Chiefs of Staff had an unbeatable operational case .
macmillan and sandys , as minister of aviation , fought hard to prevent cancellation , but watkinson and the chiefs of staff had an unbeatable [working] case .

The Tory back-benchers could take some comfort from the argument that it was operational control rather than manufacture of the weapons that mattered .
the tory back-benchers could take some comfort from the argument that it was [working] control rather than manufacture of the weapons that mattered .

But the counter-argument still held good : that it was the operational control and not the manufacture of a weapon system that made it independent .
but the counter-argument still held good : that it was the [working] control and not the manufacture of a weapon system that made it independent .

All Operational , Intelligence and Weapon Development policy was made the responsibility of the Central Staff , which encompassed but did not unify the Naval , General , and Air Staffs .
all [working] , intelligence and weapon development policy was made the responsibility of the central staff , which encompassed but did not unify the naval , general , and air staffs .

The experimental model at Dounreay , in Scotland , was the first in the world , in 1959 , to become operational .
the experimental model at dounreay , in scotland , was the first in the world , in 1959 , to become [working] .

Last August Australia sent three naval ships to the Gulf ; Bob Hawke , the prime minister , made it clear in December that they would be put under American operational control and could well see combat .
last august australia sent three naval ships to the gulf ; bob hawke , the prime minister , made it clear in december that they would be put under american [working] control and could well see combat .

But so far , divisions in the army and police seem not to have hampered their operational abilities .
but so far , divisions in the army and police seem not to have hampered their [working] abilities .

Any minister must rely on the operational advice he is given by the managers on the ground .
any minister must rely on the [working] advice he is given by the managers on the ground .

Suppose that instead of paying Lockheed , Boeing and General Dynamics $ 65 billion to build 648 of the new fighters , and thus partly freezing the technology for 20 years , the Pentagon asked for just 72 operational aircraft , plus spares and trainers , and then kept the production line ticking over .
suppose that instead of paying lockheed , boeing and general dynamics $ 65 billion to build 648 of the new fighters , and thus partly freezing the technology for 20 years , the pentagon asked for just 72 [working] aircraft , plus spares and trainers , and then kept the production line ticking over .

Although speakers mentioned the ‘ enormous potential ’ to boost the economy , only British Telecom set an operational target : investment of up to £20billion over 10 years .
although speakers mentioned the ‘ enormous potential ’ to boost the economy , only british telecom set an [working] target : investment of up to £20billion over 10 years .

Although there appear to be few operational savings planned from combining the two groups , three major benefits are expected to result from the merger :
although there appear to be few [working] savings planned from combining the two groups , three major benefits are expected to result from the merger :

But they might find it difficult to take a back seat and Whitehall believes that criminal intelligence will evolve into a top detective agency with an operational arm .
but they might find it difficult to take a back seat and whitehall believes that criminal intelligence will evolve into a top detective agency with an [working] arm .

‘ The operational differences between federal and unitary states may not be as great as portrayed by the constitutional-legal classics on federalism ’ .
‘ the [working] differences between federal and unitary states may not be as great as portrayed by the constitutional-legal classics on federalism ’ .

The Port 's extensive land resources will be further developed by the construction of a major access to the County Down side of the Harbour Estate from the Holywood Road which will open up 300 acres of prime development land already zoned for port operational , industrial and commercial uses .
the port 's extensive land resources will be further developed by the construction of a major access to the county down side of the harbour estate from the holywood road which will open up 300 acres of prime development land already zoned for port [working] , industrial and commercial uses .

The pavement-quality concrete apron allows cargo to be off loaded directly to the terminal , thus enabling operational speed .
the pavement-quality concrete apron allows cargo to be off loaded directly to the terminal , thus enabling [working] speed .

The alteration of the airline or aircraft type operating your flights is not a major change and customers will not be specifically advised of such an operational amendment .
the alteration of the airline or aircraft type operating your flights is not a major change and customers will not be specifically advised of such an [working] amendment .

Within this , the traditional manager has little part to play , but management becomes the key to success as all teachers carry out both operational and managerial roles .
within this , the traditional manager has little part to play , but management becomes the key to success as all teachers carry out both [working] and managerial roles .

Anthony classifies management activities into three categories : strategic planning , management control and operational control , and argues that these activities are sufficiently different to warrant different information systems .
anthony classifies management activities into three categories : strategic planning , management control and [working] control , and argues that these activities are sufficiently different to warrant different information systems .

The third category , that of operational control , is ‘ the process of assuring that specific tasks are carried out effectively and efficiently ’ ( Anthony 1965 p. 24 ) .
the third category , that of [working] control , is ‘ the process of assuring that specific tasks are carried out effectively and efficiently ’ ( anthony 1965 p. 24 ) .

It contrasts with the information needs for operational control which are well defined , detailed and accurate .
it contrasts with the information needs for [working] control which are well defined , detailed and accurate .

The planning activities at the three levels can be referred to as strategic planning , tactical planning ( or ‘ management control ’ ) and operational planning .
the planning activities at the three levels can be referred to as strategic planning , tactical planning ( or ‘ management control ’ ) and [working] planning .

At the operational level planning tasks will be simpler and there is less need to look for complex procedures as it would be like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut .
at the [working] level planning tasks will be simpler and there is less need to look for complex procedures as it would be like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut .

It is ineffective to mix strategic issues with tactical or operational ones on an agenda because it is difficult to change focus .
it is ineffective to mix strategic issues with tactical or [working] ones on an agenda because it is difficult to change focus .

They divide these functions between operational and strategic activities , although a better categorisation could be functional and managerial activities .
they divide these functions between [working] and strategic activities , although a better categorisation could be functional and managerial activities .

Stimulus — response theory leaves both ‘ consciousness ’ and the ‘ organism ’ out of account and is purely operational in its establishment of the laws under which animals learn .
stimulus — response theory leaves both ‘ consciousness ’ and the ‘ organism ’ out of account and is purely [working] in its establishment of the laws under which animals learn .

Much as the University of Oxford is understood by reference to a model of its operational system so may we approach the operations of ‘ mind ’ from this point of view .
much as the university of oxford is understood by reference to a model of its [working] system so may we approach the operations of ‘ mind ’ from this point of view .

Thus , for Piaget , concepts derive from operational schemata : ‘ logico-mathematical structures are extracted from the general conditions of actions long before they make use of language , either natural or artificial ’ — for example , a mother 's non-verbal interactions with her baby ( see Chapters 9 and 10 ) .
thus , for piaget , concepts derive from [working] schemata : ‘ logico-mathematical structures are extracted from the general conditions of actions long before they make use of language , either natural or artificial ’ — for example , a mother 's non-verbal interactions with her baby ( see chapters 9 and 10 ) .

Indeed , reciprocation is perhaps the operational basis for friendship .
indeed , reciprocation is perhaps the [working] basis for friendship .

each police force devolving its management and operational control to local units , and streamlining its chain of command ;
each police force devolving its management and [working] control to local units , and streamlining its chain of command ;

We will encourage civilianisation as a means of freeing police officers for operational duties .
we will encourage civilianisation as a means of freeing police officers for [working] duties .

Your Home must not be left without a responsible person in attendance unless as far as you or your representatives are aware the intruder alarm including all British Telecommunication lines used to transmit any signal/call is fully operational and working .
your home must not be left without a responsible person in attendance unless as far as you or your representatives are aware the intruder alarm including all british telecommunication lines used to transmit any signal/call is fully [working] and working .

We ended up with 80 % of the company , as well as operational freedom and a sympathetic external shareholder .
we ended up with 80 % of the company , as well as [working] freedom and a sympathetic external shareholder .

Hence there follows a full description of the origin and staple features of the constituent parts of the traditional farmstead because it is important that the untutored town dweller who is contemplating the purchase and conversion of an old farm building should recognise the different building types , understand the operational influences which shaped the form of each structure , and frame his or her ideas for the conversion so that any permanent evidence of agricultural history which the building provides is not erased .
hence there follows a full description of the origin and staple features of the constituent parts of the traditional farmstead because it is important that the untutored town dweller who is contemplating the purchase and conversion of an old farm building should recognise the different building types , understand the [working] influences which shaped the form of each structure , and frame his or her ideas for the conversion so that any permanent evidence of agricultural history which the building provides is not erased .

It is plain that such essentially lightweight structures , the form of which is determined almost entirely by operational considerations , may offer few opportunities for conversion into comfortable living accommodation .
it is plain that such essentially lightweight structures , the form of which is determined almost entirely by [working] considerations , may offer few opportunities for conversion into comfortable living accommodation .

The 1st Battalion the Royal Hampshire Regiment took over operational control of the city of Londonderry on 5 March 1989 .
the 1st battalion the royal hampshire regiment took over [working] control of the city of londonderry on 5 march 1989 .

It was crucial that the police maintain ‘ operational independence ’ .
it was crucial that the police maintain ‘ [working] independence ’ .

Sir Kenneth Newman 's retreat behind ‘ operational independence ’ was cast out .
sir kenneth newman 's retreat behind ‘ [working] independence ’ was cast out .

Full-scale Amnesty sections are now operational in 44 countries , with active groups in another 16 , and a total membership of more than one million spread across 150 countries .
full-scale amnesty sections are now [working] in 44 countries , with active groups in another 16 , and a total membership of more than one million spread across 150 countries .

In addition , it often seems that police culture possesses a dramaturgical or melodramatic inflexion , as the increasingly autocratic operational style is brought to bear in contests with new generations of dissenting workers , political radicals , and the largely dispossessed criminal underclass .
in addition , it often seems that police culture possesses a dramaturgical or melodramatic inflexion , as the increasingly autocratic [working] style is brought to bear in contests with new generations of dissenting workers , political radicals , and the largely dispossessed criminal underclass .

These are governed by an often unwritten series of transformations , creating homologies which reaffirm operational practice and which are determined by a definitive , but rarely acknowledged rationale .
these are governed by an often unwritten series of transformations , creating homologies which reaffirm [working] practice and which are determined by a definitive , but rarely acknowledged rationale .

there is a consistent air of frustration in the writings of some of the social scientist contributors … it is almost as though they wish they were in closer touch with the operational side of the service .
there is a consistent air of frustration in the writings of some of the social scientist contributors … it is almost as though they wish they were in closer touch with the [working] side of the service .

Thus we need to explore in more concrete terms the operational aspects of the questions and the dilemmas they produce .
thus we need to explore in more concrete terms the [working] aspects of the questions and the dilemmas they produce .

The remainder were taken up in the amalgamations of 1974 , which coincided with the creation of the Metropolitan Councils , and today 's amalgamated forces often seem to owe as much to local and national political opportunity than to any operational logic ; and even two decades after the first melding together of the small forces , attempts to standardize uniform and systems of operation has consistently failed to dislodge many localized , small-scale beliefs and practices .
the remainder were taken up in the amalgamations of 1974 , which coincided with the creation of the metropolitan councils , and today 's amalgamated forces often seem to owe as much to local and national political opportunity than to any [working] logic ; and even two decades after the first melding together of the small forces , attempts to standardize uniform and systems of operation has consistently failed to dislodge many localized , small-scale beliefs and practices .

In fact the leisure facility is a minefield of safety , legal , and operational problems that , unless addressed in a professional manner , can cause catastrophic consequences .
in fact the leisure facility is a minefield of safety , legal , and [working] problems that , unless addressed in a professional manner , can cause catastrophic consequences .

It does not seem ever to have been satisfactorily answered why the two first operational atomic bombs were used — against the strongly voiced wishes of the leading physicists responsible for developing them — to destroy two cities instead of being deployed in the equivalent of spectacularly shooting out candles .
it does not seem ever to have been satisfactorily answered why the two first [working] atomic bombs were used — against the strongly voiced wishes of the leading physicists responsible for developing them — to destroy two cities instead of being deployed in the equivalent of spectacularly shooting out candles .

This excellent piece of reasoning then went into their future operational role .
this excellent piece of reasoning then went into their future [working] role .

To get to their proposed operational area the convoy had to take a difficult route .
to get to their proposed [working] area the convoy had to take a difficult route .

The basic outline as agreed at the planning meeting was enshrined in an operational order , No .
the basic outline as agreed at the planning meeting was enshrined in an [working] order , no .

operational control
[working] control

There are some very good photographs and some intriguing snippets of information — Michael Bowyer tells how the Operational Requirement that led to the Hampden and Wellington specified that the aircraft should have folding wings for hangar storage !
there are some very good photographs and some intriguing snippets of information — michael bowyer tells how the [working] requirement that led to the hampden and wellington specified that the aircraft should have folding wings for hangar storage !

There is now full time working at all the operational distilleries for the first time in eight years .
there is now full time working at all the [working] distilleries for the first time in eight years .

Chemists can extract gas from transformer oil , a process which enables operational engineers to monitor potential overheating or electrical problems within oil-filled transformers .
chemists can extract gas from transformer oil , a process which enables [working] engineers to monitor potential overheating or electrical problems within oil-filled transformers .

Water-based coatings are most important in the context of environmentally desirable efforts to reduce solvent emissions and from the standpoint of operational health and safety .
water-based coatings are most important in the context of environmentally desirable efforts to reduce solvent emissions and from the standpoint of [working] health and safety .

Formal guidelines covering team objectives and operational policies were at a minimum in 1982 .
formal guidelines covering team objectives and [working] policies were at a minimum in 1982 .

Far from perceiving social work as too adversarial , they insisted that it remained too bland , welfarist and optimistic in its assumptions and operational strategies with potentially abusive parents .
far from perceiving social work as too adversarial , they insisted that it remained too bland , welfarist and optimistic in its assumptions and [working] strategies with potentially abusive parents .

Three models were found : a minimalist model based on limited contact between police officers and social workers through formal channels strictly according to the minimum demanded by procedural dictates ; a collaborative model involving close consultations on an informal as well as formal basis , about progress and proposed courses of action ; and an integrated model involving joint simultaneous investigation as a single operational entity .
three models were found : a minimalist model based on limited contact between police officers and social workers through formal channels strictly according to the minimum demanded by procedural dictates ; a collaborative model involving close consultations on an informal as well as formal basis , about progress and proposed courses of action ; and an integrated model involving joint simultaneous investigation as a single [working] entity .

This system was formalised in the year 802 , although it had been operational in early forms during the preceding years of his reign .
this system was formalised in the year 802 , although it had been [working] in early forms during the preceding years of his reign .

Sir : Fiona Pith-Helmet must have had her hard hat pulled over her ears and eyes leaving only her mouth operational when she accused the Arts Council of inverted racism ( 'What about the special needs of a struggling poet without funds ? ’ by Fiona Pitt-Kethley ; Living , 27 September ) .
sir : fiona pith-helmet must have had her hard hat pulled over her ears and eyes leaving only her mouth [working] when she accused the arts council of inverted racism ( 'what about the special needs of a struggling poet without funds ? ’ by fiona pitt-kethley ; living , 27 september ) .

In practice when items of archaeological information , such as the date of the sculpture and its style , are taken into account , we can eliminate some quarries because they are not operational at that date or because we know the sculptors were working in certain places and it is highly improbable that they were using distant rather than local sources .
in practice when items of archaeological information , such as the date of the sculpture and its style , are taken into account , we can eliminate some quarries because they are not [working] at that date or because we know the sculptors were working in certain places and it is highly improbable that they were using distant rather than local sources .

Spores do not need to be killed in normal operational practice as the infectivity of the common spore former , Clostridium perfringens , occurs when the vegetative cell is ingested and converts to a spore .
spores do not need to be killed in normal [working] practice as the infectivity of the common spore former , clostridium perfringens , occurs when the vegetative cell is ingested and converts to a spore .

In addition to performance shortcomings steam disinfection also has several operational limitations .
in addition to performance shortcomings steam disinfection also has several [working] limitations .

The use of dryness extends also to routine operational practice .
the use of dryness extends also to routine [working] practice .

Therefore considerations of safety relate mainly to operational capability to handle chemicals safely and not so much to the characteristics of the product .
therefore considerations of safety relate mainly to [working] capability to handle chemicals safely and not so much to the characteristics of the product .

Cost centres : Each operational area of a department should be identified and treated as an independent unit for the purpose of accountancy with all items of cleaning expenditure identified .
cost centres : each [working] area of a department should be identified and treated as an independent unit for the purpose of accountancy with all items of cleaning expenditure identified .

It concerns operational staff , even if they carry out no cleaning themselves , as well as contractors , suppliers and trade customers .
it concerns [working] staff , even if they carry out no cleaning themselves , as well as contractors , suppliers and trade customers .

Maintaining the machine within operational parameters ; temperature , water conditioning , detergent and rinse aid flow , correct time cycles or track speed .
maintaining the machine within [working] parameters ; temperature , water conditioning , detergent and rinse aid flow , correct time cycles or track speed .

Larsen , the protagonist of Juan Carlos Onetti 's The Shipyard , for example , caricatures the thrusting , social-climbing heroes of nineteenth-century fiction by assuming charge of a shipyard and paying court to the owner 's daughter , but the world in which he operates grotesquely parodies the industrial age 's spirit of optimism and progress , for the owner is bankrupt , his daughter is mad , the decaying yard is no longer operational and the two remaining employees spend their time reading out-of-date files .
larsen , the protagonist of juan carlos onetti 's the shipyard , for example , caricatures the thrusting , social-climbing heroes of nineteenth-century fiction by assuming charge of a shipyard and paying court to the owner 's daughter , but the world in which he operates grotesquely parodies the industrial age 's spirit of optimism and progress , for the owner is bankrupt , his daughter is mad , the decaying yard is no longer [working] and the two remaining employees spend their time reading out-of-date files .

At the operational level , therefore , latent inhibition is a good example of the phenomenon , and any theory of latent inhibition can be seen as proposing a mechanism by which proactive interference occurs .
at the [working] level , therefore , latent inhibition is a good example of the phenomenon , and any theory of latent inhibition can be seen as proposing a mechanism by which proactive interference occurs .

In 1988/9 unit availability had risen by 87 per cent and the average daily miles per operational set was 844 .
in 1988/9 unit availability had risen by 87 per cent and the average daily miles per [working] set was 844 .

Operational policy
[working] policy

Operational policy
[working] policy

His supervisor , engineering and operational research lecturer Jean Tunnicliffe-Wilson , says much of the satisfaction is not only in suggesting ideas but having them tested in practice .
his supervisor , engineering and [working] research lecturer jean tunnicliffe-wilson , says much of the satisfaction is not only in suggesting ideas but having them tested in practice .

His supervisor engineering and operational research lecturer Jean Tunnicliffe-Wilson , says much of the satisfaction is not only in suggesting ideas but having them tested in practice .
his supervisor engineering and [working] research lecturer jean tunnicliffe-wilson , says much of the satisfaction is not only in suggesting ideas but having them tested in practice .

On 23 September 1954 Blake married his secretary Gillian Allan and on 14 April 1955 he was posted to West Berlin , just about the time that the Berlin tunnel became operational .
on 23 september 1954 blake married his secretary gillian allan and on 14 april 1955 he was posted to west berlin , just about the time that the berlin tunnel became [working] .

Philby refused to give any details claiming it involved ‘ operational matters ’ .
philby refused to give any details claiming it involved ‘ [working] matters ’ .

These criteria make the concept flexible and appropriate for the study of LDCs , as well as being operational .
these criteria make the concept flexible and appropriate for the study of ldcs , as well as being [working] .

The use and refinement of existing powers The legal and operational precedents set by the strike were being followed and expanded by the police almost as soon as the dispute was over .
the use and refinement of existing powers the legal and [working] precedents set by the strike were being followed and expanded by the police almost as soon as the dispute was over .

The operational effect is rather narrow ; it operates on a limited group of people who are in a state of physical decline .
the [working] effect is rather narrow ; it operates on a limited group of people who are in a state of physical decline .

However , things could be about to change with the new indoor cricket school and multi-sports centre becoming fully operational and revenue generating .
however , things could be about to change with the new indoor cricket school and multi-sports centre becoming fully [working] and revenue generating .

The National Germanic League of Clerks ( 1893 ) , the Agrarian League ( 1893 ) , the Pan-German League ( 1886 ) , and the Naval League were all fully operational by the end of the decade .
the national germanic league of clerks ( 1893 ) , the agrarian league ( 1893 ) , the pan-german league ( 1886 ) , and the naval league were all fully [working] by the end of the decade .

They said they would be unable to manage 60 carers and would each require an assistant development officer when the project was fully operational .
they said they would be unable to manage 60 carers and would each require an assistant development officer when the project was fully [working] .

She received a bouquet from operational manager Ann Meacock .
she received a bouquet from [working] manager ann meacock .

Making the presentation are operational manager ( right ) age care , Ann Meacock , and Sister Linda Buckland .
making the presentation are [working] manager ( right ) age care , ann meacock , and sister linda buckland .

The village Neighbourhood Watch scheme is now fully operational , thanks to Clifford Watts who has taken on overall responsibility .
the village neighbourhood watch scheme is now fully [working] , thanks to clifford watts who has taken on overall responsibility .

It also fashioned an improved operational instrument for ministerial use to buy time and to distribute scarce resources once a dispute started .
it also fashioned an improved [working] instrument for ministerial use to buy time and to distribute scarce resources once a dispute started .

Senior civil servants , the privileged connoisseurs of prime-ministerial style and procedure , tend not to be purist about the operational implications of Cabinet conventions , except when routinely deploying them in the occasional public lecture or dismissing requests for the early declassification of harmless material .
senior civil servants , the privileged connoisseurs of prime-ministerial style and procedure , tend not to be purist about the [working] implications of cabinet conventions , except when routinely deploying them in the occasional public lecture or dismissing requests for the early declassification of harmless material .

Graham ( whose chapter on budgeting and allocating is essential reading ) reports a survey of 23 university libraries he carried out in 1985 , in which 14 of the library grants covered only non-staffing costs ( books , periodicals , binding and operational money ) , whilst the other nine included staffing , though usually with severe limitations on virement between staffing and other sub-heads .
graham ( whose chapter on budgeting and allocating is essential reading ) reports a survey of 23 university libraries he carried out in 1985 , in which 14 of the library grants covered only non-staffing costs ( books , periodicals , binding and [working] money ) , whilst the other nine included staffing , though usually with severe limitations on virement between staffing and other sub-heads .

Overton describes three different types of information obtained from automated systems — statistical , operational and analytical .
overton describes three different types of information obtained from automated systems — statistical , [working] and analytical .

Operational records are described as giving day-to-day information such as lists of books issued to each user or listings giving the whereabouts of books not on the shelves .
[working] records are described as giving day-to-day information such as lists of books issued to each user or listings giving the whereabouts of books not on the shelves .

Analytical records are described as a cumulation of statistical and operational , plus information from other files .
analytical records are described as a cumulation of statistical and [working] , plus information from other files .

Hindle 's survey at the University of Lancaster , where a departmental selection system operated , showed that in one year a total of 17 departments had added books on the subject of ‘ operational research ’ to their collections — two of these ordering more titles than the operational research department itself .
hindle 's survey at the university of lancaster , where a departmental selection system operated , showed that in one year a total of 17 departments had added books on the subject of ‘ [working] research ’ to their collections — two of these ordering more titles than the [working] research department itself .

Here tramcar bogies are overhauled , wheels re-tyred , under-frames fabricated , pantographs made , and a thousand-and-one other jobs carried out to keep the tramway operational .
here tramcar bogies are overhauled , wheels re-tyred , under-frames fabricated , pantographs made , and a thousand-and-one other jobs carried out to keep the tramway [working] .

The preserved and operational steam-driven Severn Valley Railway between Bewdley and Bridgnorth crosses the river at this point via a cast-iron bridge built by Thomas Brassey in 1862 .
the preserved and [working] steam-driven severn valley railway between bewdley and bridgnorth crosses the river at this point via a cast-iron bridge built by thomas brassey in 1862 .

Even when the new system is operational , it will be subject to important conditions .
even when the new system is [working] , it will be subject to important conditions .

In generic terms , these were regarded as the operational functions of the College , ie those primarily concerned with delivering the end product .
in generic terms , these were regarded as the [working] functions of the college , ie those primarily concerned with delivering the end product .

In broad terms , the College organisation structures prior to the Act reflected this two-pronged approach ( ie operational and support ) .
in broad terms , the college organisation structures prior to the act reflected this two-pronged approach ( ie [working] and support ) .

Traditionally , all non-teaching staff had been grouped together regardless of their actual duties , but the concept of operational and support groups ( rather than teaching and non-teaching ) suggested that some of these staff who were directly involved with classroom activities ( eg workshop technicians ) could reasonably come under the control of the lecturing department heads , recognising their direct contribution to the delivery of courses and involvement in the operational side of the business .
traditionally , all non-teaching staff had been grouped together regardless of their actual duties , but the concept of [working] and support groups ( rather than teaching and non-teaching ) suggested that some of these staff who were directly involved with classroom activities ( eg workshop technicians ) could reasonably come under the control of the lecturing department heads , recognising their direct contribution to the delivery of courses and involvement in the [working] side of the business .

The system model , although not intended to reflect ideal functional groupings , also indicated that a sub-division of activities to those directly concerned with course delivery ( ie the operational functions ) , and those concerned with non-teaching tasks ( ie the support functions ) , was appropriate to align systemically-related activities .
the system model , although not intended to reflect ideal functional groupings , also indicated that a sub-division of activities to those directly concerned with course delivery ( ie the [working] functions ) , and those concerned with non-teaching tasks ( ie the support functions ) , was appropriate to align systemically-related activities .

Arguably , these functions could be located within other the support or operational groupings , or be established as a separate agency with liaison links as appropriate .
arguably , these functions could be located within other the support or [working] groupings , or be established as a separate agency with liaison links as appropriate .

In addition , the analysis indicated that each of the main functional divisions ( ie operational , support and business ) should be at executive level so that all aspects of College activities would be reflected in the development of policies and in the overall management of the College .
in addition , the analysis indicated that each of the main functional divisions ( ie [working] , support and business ) should be at executive level so that all aspects of college activities would be reflected in the development of policies and in the overall management of the college .

The briefing pack accompanying Working for patients ( DoH , 1989h ) claims that at ‘ Regional and district level planning will be able to respond more effectively to the health needs of the population rather than being tied to details of the operational delivery of services ’ .
the briefing pack accompanying working for patients ( doh , 1989h ) claims that at ‘ regional and district level planning will be able to respond more effectively to the health needs of the population rather than being tied to details of the [working] delivery of services ’ .

Embedded in the White Paper is the assumption that resource management is up and running , and fully operational .
embedded in the white paper is the assumption that resource management is up and running , and fully [working] .

Decentralisation — by delegating responsibility and authority for operational decision-making and resultant resource consumption implications to the appropriate level of service delivery , the clinical directorate structure seeks to improve the quality of that decision-making .
decentralisation — by delegating responsibility and authority for [working] decision-making and resultant resource consumption implications to the appropriate level of service delivery , the clinical directorate structure seeks to improve the quality of that decision-making .

The basic model is one of a clinical director ( usually a clinician ) responsible managerially for the operational work of all the staff within the directorate .
the basic model is one of a clinical director ( usually a clinician ) responsible managerially for the [working] work of all the staff within the directorate .

In 1900 , the Power House was built and became fully operational in 1901 .
in 1900 , the power house was built and became fully [working] in 1901 .

Other vehicles on the train are upwards of 29 years old , and do not meet current operational and security requirements .
other vehicles on the train are upwards of 29 years old , and do not meet current [working] and security requirements .

The modernised fleet will give a high speed capability that will overcome operational difficulties caused by speed restrictions on some of the oldest coaches .
the modernised fleet will give a high speed capability that will overcome [working] difficulties caused by speed restrictions on some of the oldest coaches .

One of the operational difficulties is whether the individuals have a primary loyalty to the venture or to their own employing organisation .
one of the [working] difficulties is whether the individuals have a primary loyalty to the venture or to their own employing organisation .

The present Teacher Placement Service structure became operational during 1989 and began to translate its bold target of 10% of teachers receiving industrial placements each year into a reality .
the present teacher placement service structure became [working] during 1989 and began to translate its bold target of 10% of teachers receiving industrial placements each year into a reality .

Over the operational period the Teacher Placement Service has increased the levels of activity from an estimated 1,900 teachers into industry in 1989 to in excess of 20,000 in the first two years .
over the [working] period the teacher placement service has increased the levels of activity from an estimated 1,900 teachers into industry in 1989 to in excess of 20,000 in the first two years .

The ‘ systematic approach ’ needs to be complemented by a methodical collection and storage of information , which beyond its operational value can be developed and presented , without loss of standard , to appeal to the media .
the ‘ systematic approach ’ needs to be complemented by a methodical collection and storage of information , which beyond its [working] value can be developed and presented , without loss of standard , to appeal to the media .

Condition : ‘ The types and quantities of waste accepted at the site shall not exceed the limits of its operational and storage capacity ’ .
condition : ‘ the types and quantities of waste accepted at the site shall not exceed the limits of its [working] and storage capacity ’ .

This will certainly be the case if the people concerned at the local level take this view , failing to grasp the strategic role that they have always claimed but often failed to deliver convincingly because of time spent on day-to-day operational matters .
this will certainly be the case if the people concerned at the local level take this view , failing to grasp the strategic role that they have always claimed but often failed to deliver convincingly because of time spent on day-to-day [working] matters .

These types of systems have already demonstrated their potential within other areas of Industry and Commerce where significant claims of increased operational efficiency and cost savings have been made .
these types of systems have already demonstrated their potential within other areas of industry and commerce where significant claims of increased [working] efficiency and cost savings have been made .

The operational basis of such systems rests on the incorporation of human expert knowledge within them and the manipulation of this to solve problems .
the [working] basis of such systems rests on the incorporation of human expert knowledge within them and the manipulation of this to solve problems .

Delays through recurrent faults are inevitable and play havoc with operational schedules and incur delay costs .
delays through recurrent faults are inevitable and play havoc with [working] schedules and incur delay costs .

In civil operations this affects revenue earning potential and therefore profitability and in military environments it affects operational readiness .
in civil operations this affects revenue earning potential and therefore profitability and in military environments it affects [working] readiness .

The meteorologist 's briefing on the weather in the operational zone for the previous twenty-four hours left no possibility of hurricane force winds .
the meteorologist 's briefing on the weather in the [working] zone for the previous twenty-four hours left no possibility of hurricane force winds .

Three of the first four development launches were successful , and Ariane was declared qualified for operational service .
three of the first four development launches were successful , and ariane was declared qualified for [working] service .

They will need clear and concise operational procedures to be written .
they will need clear and concise [working] procedures to be written .

But work has to be planned with those aims as clearly spelt out as the financial or operational objectives .
but work has to be planned with those aims as clearly spelt out as the financial or [working] objectives .

Gowing goes on to indicate the health hazard arising from the intense alpha activity of polonium at the Windscale site : ‘ Alpha handling procedures had to be greatly upgraded to deal with polonium , and for a time everyone had to work with respirators … Harwell 's difficulties in handling polonium were again encountered at Windscale ; alpha contamination became severe and several of the operational staff had to be temporarily taken off the work because of polonium ingestion .
gowing goes on to indicate the health hazard arising from the intense alpha activity of polonium at the windscale site : ‘ alpha handling procedures had to be greatly upgraded to deal with polonium , and for a time everyone had to work with respirators … harwell 's difficulties in handling polonium were again encountered at windscale ; alpha contamination became severe and several of the [working] staff had to be temporarily taken off the work because of polonium ingestion .

The statement that the Adonis project for supplying copies of scientific articles on demand is now operating in libraries in many countries ( taken from the Observer ) is unfortunately erroneous : this system is unlikely to be operational until mid-1984 .
the statement that the adonis project for supplying copies of scientific articles on demand is now operating in libraries in many countries ( taken from the observer ) is unfortunately erroneous : this system is unlikely to be [working] until mid-1984 .

Intermagnetics-Agra now has 11 video tape plants around the world , either operational or under construction .
intermagnetics-agra now has 11 video tape plants around the world , either [working] or under construction .

The following fifteen processes are listed : observation , classification , communication , counting number relationship , measurement , raising questions , prediction , inference , formulating hypotheses , making operational definitions , controlling or manipulating variables , experimenting , formulating models , interpreting data , manipulative skills .
the following fifteen processes are listed : observation , classification , communication , counting number relationship , measurement , raising questions , prediction , inference , formulating hypotheses , making [working] definitions , controlling or manipulating variables , experimenting , formulating models , interpreting data , manipulative skills .

In the chapter on Social Change the document makes the obvious point that development in Shetland will create considerable immigration into Shetland and ( less obviously ) that there will be two different kinds of immigrants : a temporary construction force and more permanent operational and servicing staff .
in the chapter on social change the document makes the obvious point that development in shetland will create considerable immigration into shetland and ( less obviously ) that there will be two different kinds of immigrants : a temporary construction force and more permanent [working] and servicing staff .

For older children — from , say , the age of seven years — now in the operational stage , some degree of reasoning is possible , usually based on observed evidence .
for older children — from , say , the age of seven years — now in the [working] stage , some degree of reasoning is possible , usually based on observed evidence .

the Test of Professional Competence became operational .
the test of professional competence became [working] .

The industry figure whose achievements have been especially outstanding within his or her operational sphere
the industry figure whose achievements have been especially outstanding within his or her [working] sphere

Triangle still needed to raise £15,000 for the final building work , and a further £15,000 for the coffee bar 's initial operational costs .
triangle still needed to raise £15,000 for the final building work , and a further £15,000 for the coffee bar 's initial [working] costs .

Locks have suffered some deterioration , but this seems to have been mainly a result of idealistic notions of when the canal would be fully operational .
locks have suffered some deterioration , but this seems to have been mainly a result of idealistic notions of when the canal would be fully [working] .

If any are marked , ring up to find out when they are operational .
if any are marked , ring up to find out when they are [working] .

The new institute will spend the next year merging the three existing committee and regional structures , and expects to be fully operational by 1 January 1993 .
the new institute will spend the next year merging the three existing committee and regional structures , and expects to be fully [working] by 1 january 1993 .

Operational centre for videoconferencing between campuses .
[working] centre for videoconferencing between campuses .

About half an hour before the return of the aircraft on operational nights we would wake up the duty Met Officer , who was usually snoozing in the ante-room , so that he could mug up on the weather situation before the first of the returning crews came in .
about half an hour before the return of the aircraft on [working] nights we would wake up the duty met officer , who was usually snoozing in the ante-room , so that he could mug up on the weather situation before the first of the returning crews came in .

After the war , Bomber Harris tried to get an issue of a campaign medal for the ground crews on operational airfields , as he maintained they were completely ignored when the medals were handed out .
after the war , bomber harris tried to get an issue of a campaign medal for the ground crews on [working] airfields , as he maintained they were completely ignored when the medals were handed out .

About three months before the actual event took place all leave was cancelled , even 24 hour passes , and Bomber Command was operational nearly every night , bad weather or good .
about three months before the actual event took place all leave was cancelled , even 24 hour passes , and bomber command was [working] nearly every night , bad weather or good .

It was late afternoon on an operational day , and seventeen or eighteen Lancasters were marshalled on either side of the runway , all bombed-up and ready for take-off , when ops were suddenly cancelled .
it was late afternoon on an [working] day , and seventeen or eighteen lancasters were marshalled on either side of the runway , all bombed-up and ready for take-off , when ops were suddenly cancelled .

Operational centre for videoconferencing between campuses .
[working] centre for videoconferencing between campuses .

This stage of the course develops an effective knowledge of subjects specific to Hospitality Management , supported by a mix of carefully selected general business studies subjects which are necessary to attain a basic operational grounding and competence in supervisory and first-line management .
this stage of the course develops an effective knowledge of subjects specific to hospitality management , supported by a mix of carefully selected general business studies subjects which are necessary to attain a basic [working] grounding and competence in supervisory and first-line management .

Throughout this state of the course students acquire knowledge of subjects specific to Hotel and Tourism Management , backed up by an appropriate blend of general business studies subjects necessary for basic operational skills and competence in supervisory and first-line management .
throughout this state of the course students acquire knowledge of subjects specific to hotel and tourism management , backed up by an appropriate blend of general business studies subjects necessary for basic [working] skills and competence in supervisory and first-line management .

During this period a strong practical foundation is laid in four main subject areas : mathematical methods , computing science , applied statistics , and operational research ( ie .
during this period a strong practical foundation is laid in four main subject areas : mathematical methods , computing science , applied statistics , and [working] research ( ie .

Bank of England : Albion Bank maintains an operational account ( s ) with Britain 's central bank in order to meet its cash requirements , settle interbank debts arising from customer cheque transactions and any debts due to the government .
bank of england : albion bank maintains an [working] account ( s ) with britain 's central bank in order to meet its cash requirements , settle interbank debts arising from customer cheque transactions and any debts due to the government .

Operational aspects of the euro-currency markets
[working] aspects of the euro-currency markets

Thirdly , most countries ' residents have no knowledge of the existence or operational aspects of these markets .
thirdly , most countries ' residents have no knowledge of the existence or [working] aspects of these markets .

Consideration of a project 's total costs , its operational life and final product/revenue are essential to the assessment of future cash flows .
consideration of a project 's total costs , its [working] life and final product/revenue are essential to the assessment of future cash flows .

This compares with the analysis done by the business units which tends to be more detailed , operational and more concerned with the competitor 's performance in individual markets .
this compares with the analysis done by the business units which tends to be more detailed , [working] and more concerned with the competitor 's performance in individual markets .

While the subject matter of the projects can cover a wide range , the examples quoted in interviews tended to be of an operational nature .
while the subject matter of the projects can cover a wide range , the examples quoted in interviews tended to be of an [working] nature .

Not surprisingly , this approach met with formidable operational difficulties .
not surprisingly , this approach met with formidable [working] difficulties .

Excessive siltation will reduce the operational life span of dams and reservoirs and downstream areas are likely to witness an increase in flooding .
excessive siltation will reduce the [working] life span of dams and reservoirs and downstream areas are likely to witness an increase in flooding .

Sources of error in the digitizing process can be broken down into two main streams : source map error and operational error .
sources of error in the digitizing process can be broken down into two main streams : source map error and [working] error .

Source map error includes the accumulated error of the map being digitized , while operational error includes those errors propagated during the digitizing process itself .
source map error includes the accumulated error of the map being digitized , while [working] error includes those errors propagated during the digitizing process itself .

( 1987 ) found that the combination of inherent and operational error ranged from 71 per cent ( upper bound ) to 83 per cent ( lower bound ) .
( 1987 ) found that the combination of inherent and [working] error ranged from 71 per cent ( upper bound ) to 83 per cent ( lower bound ) .

( 1987 ) state that ‘ additional research in inherent and operational error assessment is warranted .
( 1987 ) state that ‘ additional research in inherent and [working] error assessment is warranted .

Brown 's chapter on geodemographics discusses an application field where primary data collected for operational purposes are typically evaluated in relation to secondary data derived from sources such as the Census of Population .
brown 's chapter on geodemographics discusses an application field where primary data collected for [working] purposes are typically evaluated in relation to secondary data derived from sources such as the census of population .

According to Piaget , as the brain matures and children ’ s experiences expand , they move through a sequence of four cognitive stages , or reorganizations of thought : ( 1 ) sensorimotor , the stage of infancy , in which babies use their senses and movements to explore the world ; ( 2 ) preoperational , the stage of early childhood , in which preschoolers use symbols , especially language and make-believe play , to represent their earlier sensorimotor discoveries , but thinking lacks the logic of older children ; ( 3 ) concrete operational , in which cognition is well organized and logical but limited to coordinating only two or three variables when solving problems ; and ( 4 ) formal operational , the stage of adolescence , which opens up the capacity for abstraction , permitting young people to coordinate an increasing number of variables and to imagine all possible outcomes in a problem , not just the most obvious .
according to piaget , as the brain matures and children ’ s experiences expand , they move through a sequence of four cognitive stages , or reorganizations of thought : ( 1 ) sensorimotor , the stage of infancy , in which babies use their senses and movements to explore the world ; ( 2 ) preoperational , the stage of early childhood , in which preschoolers use symbols , especially language and make-believe play , to represent their earlier sensorimotor discoveries , but thinking lacks the logic of older children ; ( 3 ) concrete [working] , in which cognition is well organized and logical but limited to coordinating only two or three variables when solving problems ; and ( 4 ) formal [working] , the stage of adolescence , which opens up the capacity for abstraction , permitting young people to coordinate an increasing number of variables and to imagine all possible outcomes in a problem , not just the most obvious .

One could raise finished goods inventories substantially ( like the dress-shirt manufacturer described above ) ; the other could make crucial operational changes to reduce manufacturing lead times .
one could raise finished goods inventories substantially ( like the dress-shirt manufacturer described above ) ; the other could make crucial [working] changes to reduce manufacturing lead times .

Even if suppliers in other businesses will not make the specific operational changes of an apparel-maker , an increasing number are establishing information links with other channel players and combining information use with technologies and work practices to speed up order processing .
even if suppliers in other businesses will not make the specific [working] changes of an apparel-maker , an increasing number are establishing information links with other channel players and combining information use with technologies and work practices to speed up order processing .

The first pertains to operational performance , or the ability of a supplier to respond to lean retailing replenishment requirements .
the first pertains to [working] performance , or the ability of a supplier to respond to lean retailing replenishment requirements .

However , operational performance measures do not necessarily provide a direct financial return to the supplier beyond allowing that firm to continue supplying a retailer with these service requirements .
however , [working] performance measures do not necessarily provide a direct financial return to the supplier beyond allowing that firm to continue supplying a retailer with these service requirements .

From the perspective of operational performance , two business units with different degrees of investment in the four practices may do equally well in the short run .
from the perspective of [working] performance , two business units with different degrees of investment in the four practices may do equally well in the short run .

At an operational level , this means deciding what types and how many of any one good it should stock to maximize sales per square foot of available space—one of the most critical measures of retail performance .
at an [working] level , this means deciding what types and how many of any one good it should stock to maximize sales per square foot of available space—one of the most critical measures of retail performance .

You ’ ll see his aircraft , a machine for making screws , hydraulic timber-cutter , revolving bridge , various machine-tools , and a system of map-­making by aerial views — created long before any aircraft , even his , was operational .
you ’ ll see his aircraft , a machine for making screws , hydraulic timber-cutter , revolving bridge , various machine-tools , and a system of map-­making by aerial views — created long before any aircraft , even his , was [working] .

Daniel Hungerford noted that there are operational realities in the emergency department that must be considered in order to implement interventions .
daniel hungerford noted that there are [working] realities in the emergency department that must be considered in order to implement interventions .

Hungerford added that the intent of the recommendation was not so much that integrating the screen with the intervention gave better estimates of the performance characteristics of the screen , but that it would redress the imbalance between research emphasizing the performance characteristics and research on operational and practical characteristics .
hungerford added that the intent of the recommendation was not so much that integrating the screen with the intervention gave better estimates of the performance characteristics of the screen , but that it would redress the imbalance between research emphasizing the performance characteristics and research on [working] and practical characteristics .

Although GAO has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 We have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its operational components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .
although gao has not had time to thoroughly analyze the strategy yet , we previously suggested that certain key elements be incorporated in the homeland security strategy.4 we have indicated that a national homeland security strategy should : 1 ) clearly define and establish the need for homeland security and its [working] components , 2 ) clarify the appropriate roles and responsibilities of federal , state , and local entities and build a framework for partnerships for coordination , communication , and collaboration , and 3 ) create specific expectations for performance and accountability , including establishing goals and performance indicators .

It is critically important that the Congress and the Administration agree on a definition since it serves as the foundation for a number of key organizational , operational and funding decisions .
it is critically important that the congress and the administration agree on a definition since it serves as the foundation for a number of key organizational , [working] and funding decisions .

Homeland Security Reorganization and Missions an executive and operational capability to encourage and manage change .
homeland security reorganization and missions an executive and [working] capability to encourage and manage change .

If you do n't have the right leadership team in key policy , operational and management positions , the department will be at risk .
if you do n't have the right leadership team in key policy , [working] and management positions , the department will be at risk .

The nation can ill-afford to have the secretary or deputy secretary being side-tracked by administrative and operational details -- the mission of the department requires their undivided attention .
the nation can ill-afford to have the secretary or deputy secretary being side-tracked by administrative and [working] details -- the mission of the department requires their undivided attention .

While the four agencies tailored their performance management systems to fit their organizational and operational needs , we identified an initial set of implementation approaches that BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .
while the four agencies tailored their performance management systems to fit their organizational and [working] needs , we identified an initial set of implementation approaches that blm , fhwa , irs , and vba are taking that may be helpful to other agencies as they manage senior executive performance against balanced expectations .

However , it is important to note that , while top management sets the tone for cultural change , everyone from program managers to staff performing day-to-day operational activities must buy into this change and work to achieve its overall goals .
however , it is important to note that , while top management sets the tone for cultural change , everyone from program managers to staff performing day-to-day [working] activities must buy into this change and work to achieve its overall goals .

The control activities used by an organization to address improper payments vary according to the specific threats faced and risks incurred ; differences in objectives ; managerial judgment ; size and complexity of the organization ; operational environment ; sensitivity and value of data ; and requirements for system reliability , availability , and performance .
the control activities used by an organization to address improper payments vary according to the specific threats faced and risks incurred ; differences in objectives ; managerial judgment ; size and complexity of the organization ; [working] environment ; sensitivity and value of data ; and requirements for system reliability , availability , and performance .

The MFADS project was operational in January 1998 and combines both data mining and neural network capabilities .
the mfads project was [working] in january 1998 and combines both data mining and neural network capabilities .

HHSC awarded a contract for the development and operational support of MFADS .
hhsc awarded a contract for the development and [working] support of mfads .

Program managers need operational and financial data to monitor whether they are meeting their agencies ' strategic and annual performance plans and meeting their goals for accountability and effective use of resources .
program managers need [working] and financial data to monitor whether they are meeting their agencies ' strategic and annual performance plans and meeting their goals for accountability and effective use of resources .

TDH administers more than 200 separate programs and operational units , including Medicaid .
tdh administers more than 200 separate programs and [working] units , including medicaid .

For example , the Director at FAA 's Logistics Center saw the need for operating more like a private sector business and envisioned the organizational and operational changes that would be required to do that .
for example , the director at faa 's logistics center saw the need for operating more like a private sector business and envisioned the organizational and [working] changes that would be required to do that .

Agencies used a variety of training techniques to help employees adjust to organizational and operational changes .
agencies used a variety of training techniques to help employees adjust to organizational and [working] changes .

The town-hall meetings also provided a forum in which employees and managers could discuss organizational changes and suggest operational improvements .
the town-hall meetings also provided a forum in which employees and managers could discuss organizational changes and suggest [working] improvements .

Security Seen As An Enabler In addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve operational efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded applications of information technology , which usually prompted new security considerations .
security seen as an enabler in addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve [working] efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded applications of information technology , which usually prompted new security considerations .

In addition , there are limited data on the full costs of damage caused by security weaknesses and on the operational costs of specific control techniques .
in addition , there are limited data on the full costs of damage caused by security weaknesses and on the [working] costs of specific control techniques .

However , they said that such measurements would be difficult because it is costly to do the research and recordkeeping necessary to develop information on ( 1 ) the full cost of controls -- both the initial cost and operational inefficiencies associated with the controls -- and ( 2 ) the full cost of incidents or problems resulting from inadequate controls .
however , they said that such measurements would be difficult because it is costly to do the research and recordkeeping necessary to develop information on ( 1 ) the full cost of controls -- both the initial cost and [working] inefficiencies associated with the controls -- and ( 2 ) the full cost of incidents or problems resulting from inadequate controls .

Activity analysis involves determining what activities are done within a department , how many people perform the activities , how much time they spend performing the activities , what resources are required to perform the activities , what operational data best reflect the performance of the activities , and what customer value the activity has for the organization .
activity analysis involves determining what activities are done within a department , how many people perform the activities , how much time they spend performing the activities , what resources are required to perform the activities , what [working] data best reflect the performance of the activities , and what customer value the activity has for the organization .

RESPONSIBILITY SEGMENT - A significant organizational , operational , functional , or process component which has the following characteristics : ( a ) its manager reports to the entity 's top management ; ( b ) it is responsible for carrying out a mission , performing a line of activities or services , or producing one or a group of products ; and ( c ) for financial reporting and cost management purposes , its resources and results of operations can be clearly distinguished , physically and operationally , from those of other segments of the entity .
responsibility segment - a significant organizational , [working] , functional , or process component which has the following characteristics : ( a ) its manager reports to the entity 's top management ; ( b ) it is responsible for carrying out a mission , performing a line of activities or services , or producing one or a group of products ; and ( c ) for financial reporting and cost management purposes , its resources and results of operations can be clearly distinguished , physically and operationally , from those of other segments of the entity .

Case Illustration : National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration performance measures and program offices also provides a basis for determining the appropriate degree of operational authority for various organizational levels .
case illustration : national oceanic and atmospheric administration performance measures and program offices also provides a basis for determining the appropriate degree of [working] authority for various organizational levels .

Managers generally welcomed their new authority to make spending , personnel , and operational decisions that had formerly been made by central authorities .
managers generally welcomed their new authority to make spending , personnel , and [working] decisions that had formerly been made by central authorities .

The intent of these changes was to put key operational decisions in the hands of the managers who were closest to the point of customer service .
the intent of these changes was to put key [working] decisions in the hands of the managers who were closest to the point of customer service .

GAO will continue to play a professional , objective , nonpartisan and constructive role in assisting the Congress , regulators , and the accounting profession as initiatives are proposed , agreed upon , and become operational .
gao will continue to play a professional , objective , nonpartisan and constructive role in assisting the congress , regulators , and the accounting profession as initiatives are proposed , agreed upon , and become [working] .

We did not object to the implementation of the agency 's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to verify that authorized trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment authorization and that for the first year the system was operational , assessment of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual FMFIA review .
we did not object to the implementation of the agency 's proposal so long as procedures were implemented to verify that authorized trips were actually taken by employees prior to payment authorization and that for the first year the system was [working] , assessment of internal control in the system was emphasized during the annual fmfia review .

On these programs , the initial phase of production-sometimes known as low-rate initial production-was able to focus on building operational test articles and improving the production processes , instead of continuing the product 's design and development .
on these programs , the initial phase of production-sometimes known as low-rate initial production-was able to focus on building [working] test articles and improving the production processes , instead of continuing the product 's design and development .

These tools are ( 1 ) a quality concept that uses statistical process control to bring critical manufacturing processes under control so they are repeatable , sustainable , and consistently producing parts within the quality tolerances and standards of the product and ( 2 ) product tests in operational conditions that ensure the system would meet reliability goals-the ability to work without failure or need of maintenance for predictable intervals .
these tools are ( 1 ) a quality concept that uses statistical process control to bring critical manufacturing processes under control so they are repeatable , sustainable , and consistently producing parts within the quality tolerances and standards of the product and ( 2 ) product tests in [working] conditions that ensure the system would meet reliability goals-the ability to work without failure or need of maintenance for predictable intervals .

These are best practices and indicate that the product design is mature and the program is ready to begin production of units for operational use that will meet the cost , schedule , and quality goals of the program .
these are best practices and indicate that the product design is mature and the program is ready to begin production of units for [working] use that will meet the cost , schedule , and quality goals of the program .

Significant Progress Made Addressing Management and Operational Issues Last year , I outlined for you a number of major management and operational challenges facing GAO .
significant progress made addressing management and [working] issues last year , i outlined for you a number of major management and [working] challenges facing gao .

Security Seen As An Enabler In addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve operational efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded applications of information technology , which usually prompted new security considerations .
security seen as an enabler in addition , most of the organizations were aggressively exploring ways to improve [working] efficiency and service to customers through new or expanded applications of information technology , which usually prompted new security considerations .

In addition , there are limited data on the full costs of damage caused by security weaknesses and on the operational costs of specific control techniques .
in addition , there are limited data on the full costs of damage caused by security weaknesses and on the [working] costs of specific control techniques .

However , they said that such measurements would be difficult because it is costly to do the research and recordkeeping necessary to develop information on ( 1 ) the full cost of controls -- both the initial cost and operational inefficiencies associated with the controls -- and ( 2 ) the full cost of incidents or problems resulting from inadequate controls .
however , they said that such measurements would be difficult because it is costly to do the research and recordkeeping necessary to develop information on ( 1 ) the full cost of controls -- both the initial cost and [working] inefficiencies associated with the controls -- and ( 2 ) the full cost of incidents or problems resulting from inadequate controls .

Examples of important testimonies that helped the Congress in its oversight include our performance accountability and highrisk series , which depict the government 's major management challenges and program risks ; Social Security reform proposals ; financial and operational aspects of the International Monetary Fund ; DOD 's anthrax vaccination program , and Medicare reform .
examples of important testimonies that helped the congress in its oversight include our performance accountability and highrisk series , which depict the government 's major management challenges and program risks ; social security reform proposals ; financial and [working] aspects of the international monetary fund ; dod 's anthrax vaccination program , and medicare reform .

Disclosure about technical , legal , and operational matters that are common to all funds is minimized .
disclosure about technical , legal , and [working] matters that are common to all funds is minimized .

Most of the organizations faced the challenge of developing and maintaining an organization with the appropriate operational skills to facilitate the members ' participation and oversee administrative activities that ensured continued and effective information sharing .
most of the organizations faced the challenge of developing and maintaining an organization with the appropriate [working] skills to facilitate the members ' participation and oversee administrative activities that ensured continued and effective information sharing .

In April 2001 , the JTF-CNO 's scope of responsibility was expanded to include a new operational mission : computer network attack .
in april 2001 , the jtf-cno 's scope of responsibility was expanded to include a new [working] mission : computer network attack .

A key factor in helping achieve such outcomes and minimize operational problems is to implement appropriate internal control .
a key factor in helping achieve such outcomes and minimize [working] problems is to implement appropriate internal control .

As programs change and as agencies strive to improve operational processes and implement new technological developments , management must continually assess and evaluate its internal control to assure that the control activities being used are effective and updated when necessary .
as programs change and as agencies strive to improve [working] processes and implement new technological developments , management must continually assess and evaluate its internal control to assure that the control activities being used are effective and updated when necessary .

Only when the right personnel for the job are on board and are provided the right training , tools , structure , incentives , and responsibilities is operational success possible .
only when the right personnel for the job are on board and are provided the right training , tools , structure , incentives , and responsibilities is [working] success possible .

These could include specific threats they face and risks they incur ; differences in objectives ; managerial judgment ; size and complexity of the organization ; operational environment ; sensitivity and value of data ; and requirements for system reliability , availability , and performance .
these could include specific threats they face and risks they incur ; differences in objectives ; managerial judgment ; size and complexity of the organization ; [working] environment ; sensitivity and value of data ; and requirements for system reliability , availability , and performance .

Program managers need both operational and financial data to determine whether they are meeting their agencies ' strategic and annual performance plans and meeting their goals for accountability for effective and efficient use of resources .
program managers need both [working] and financial data to determine whether they are meeting their agencies ' strategic and annual performance plans and meeting their goals for accountability for effective and efficient use of resources .

The FFC study concludes that , in the end , effective review of designs maximizes the probability that a mission or operational requirement will be successfully supported by a facility that was conceived , designed , constructed , and placed into operation efficiently and effectively .
the ffc study concludes that , in the end , effective review of designs maximizes the probability that a mission or [working] requirement will be successfully supported by a facility that was conceived , designed , constructed , and placed into operation efficiently and effectively .

Audit Steps : Needs Determination 1. Review the agency 's stated needs , which may bedocumented in a Mission Element Needs Statement , Statement of Operational Need , or System Operational Concept .
audit steps : needs determination 1. review the agency 's stated needs , which may bedocumented in a mission element needs statement , statement of [working] need , or system [working] concept .

The degree to which a system or component isAvailability operational and accessible when required for use , often expressed as a probability .
the degree to which a system or component isavailability [working] and accessible when required for use , often expressed as a probability .

The continuous control of changes made to a system'sConfiguration hardware , software , and documentation throughoutManagement the development and operational life of the system .
the continuous control of changes made to a system'sconfiguration hardware , software , and documentation throughoutmanagement the development and [working] life of the system .

In addition to seeking clarification of various operational issues , some agencies raised questions concerning the statements of our audit and access authorities cited in the protocols .
in addition to seeking clarification of various [working] issues , some agencies raised questions concerning the statements of our audit and access authorities cited in the protocols .

Employees at all levels of high-performing organizations participate in -- and have a stake in -- improving operational and program performance to achieve results .
employees at all levels of high-performing organizations participate in -- and have a stake in -- improving [working] and program performance to achieve results .

Some agencies have explored new ways of devolving decisionmaking authority in exchange for operational flexibility and accountability for results .
some agencies have explored new ways of devolving decisionmaking authority in exchange for [working] flexibility and accountability for results .

For example , in fiscal year 1996 , the Veterans Health Administration ( VHA ) management structure was decentralized to form 22 Veterans Integrated Service Networks.15 VA gave these networks substantial operational autonomy and the ability to perform basic decisionmaking and budgetary duties .
for example , in fiscal year 1996 , the veterans health administration ( vha ) management structure was decentralized to form 22 veterans integrated service networks.15 va gave these networks substantial [working] autonomy and the ability to perform basic decisionmaking and budgetary duties .

Both operational and structural aspects of the CIO « s environment can vary significantly in the federal sector versus the private sector .
both [working] and structural aspects of the cio « s environment can vary significantly in the federal sector versus the private sector .

The CIOs interviewed considered these principles instrumental because they address critical organizational and operational aspects of the CIO « s role .
the cios interviewed considered these principles instrumental because they address critical organizational and [working] aspects of the cio « s role .

Promote Organizational Credibility While the first success factor refers to legitimacy at a strategic planning level , this success factor addresses a more operational level .
promote organizational credibility while the first success factor refers to legitimacy at a strategic planning level , this success factor addresses a more [working] level .

The principle that addresses the need to ensure the credibility of the CIO organization and the principle that encourages measuring success and demonstrating results , if executed successfully , will lead to the confidence of those with operational responsibility in the enterprise .
the principle that addresses the need to ensure the credibility of the cio organization and the principle that encourages measuring success and demonstrating results , if executed successfully , will lead to the confidence of those with [working] responsibility in the enterprise .

By asking strategic and operational questions at the beginning of the planning and evaluation period , senior managers gain a better understanding of the potential benefits and value of IT .
by asking strategic and [working] questions at the beginning of the planning and evaluation period , senior managers gain a better understanding of the potential benefits and value of it .

While not all CIOs necessarily have hands-on responsibility , their purview may also incorporate any or all of the operational elements of information and technology management , such as data processing , infrastructure management , and systems acquisition .
while not all cios necessarily have hands-on responsibility , their purview may also incorporate any or all of the [working] elements of information and technology management , such as data processing , infrastructure management , and systems acquisition .

Once the agencies saw the operational prototype and the project « s potential , they realized that their individual sacrifices had paid off .
once the agencies saw the [working] prototype and the project « s potential , they realized that their individual sacrifices had paid off .

This report evaluates the state « s progress toward meeting the last biennium « s IT Strategic Plan goals and includes a summary of strategic and operational performance measures .
this report evaluates the state « s progress toward meeting the last biennium « s it strategic plan goals and includes a summary of strategic and [working] performance measures .

These measures , in part , are the result of the state « s previous IT strategic plan and are meant to measure how well IT resources are being used to achieve the state « s overall strategic goals and operational ( technical ) objectives .
these measures , in part , are the result of the state « s previous it strategic plan and are meant to measure how well it resources are being used to achieve the state « s overall strategic goals and [working] ( technical ) objectives .

Strategic Performance Measures Operational Performance Measures • Progress made in deploying the state « s Educational • Number of workload transactions completed and Telecommunications network telephone lines installed • Increase in state « s use of Internet resources • Number of driver « s licenses issued for specific periods • Increase in the number of courts having access to state « s Justice Information Network .
strategic performance measures [working] performance measures • progress made in deploying the state « s educational • number of workload transactions completed and telecommunications network telephone lines installed • increase in state « s use of internet resources • number of driver « s licenses issued for specific periods • increase in the number of courts having access to state « s justice information network .

Both operational and structural aspects of the CIO « s environment can vary significantly between the public sector and the private sector .
both [working] and structural aspects of the cio « s environment can vary significantly between the public sector and the private sector .

For example , some federal CIOs are in charge of large policy and oversight functions with little operational responsibility .
for example , some federal cios are in charge of large policy and oversight functions with little [working] responsibility .

While federal CIOs often may not have operational authority for the full range of responsibilities in the legislation , they and their agencies are still subject to oversight by the Congress in many of these areas .
while federal cios often may not have [working] authority for the full range of responsibilities in the legislation , they and their agencies are still subject to oversight by the congress in many of these areas .

Hawaii 's video project is completed and operational .
hawaii 's video project is completed and [working] .

Losses in flexibility occur when pollution control activities potentially interfere with efficiency and other operational programs at a regulated facility .
losses in flexibility occur when pollution control activities potentially interfere with efficiency and other [working] programs at a regulated facility .

In today 's environment this is impossible because virtually all posts in industrial countries consider much of their operational cost data to be commercially sensitive and will not share them .
in today 's environment this is impossible because virtually all posts in industrial countries consider much of their [working] cost data to be commercially sensitive and will not share them .

Finally , there are some operational changes that would probably be made .
finally , there are some [working] changes that would probably be made .

It is the factor that causes the Commission to examine all operational costs , from collection to delivery and the processing that takes place in between .
it is the factor that causes the commission to examine all [working] costs , from collection to delivery and the processing that takes place in between .

As you probably know , in presenting estimates of its future needs , the Postal Service used financial and operational data from fiscal year 1998 as a benchmark .
as you probably know , in presenting estimates of its future needs , the postal service used financial and [working] data from fiscal year 1998 as a benchmark .

The Reorganization Act grants the Postal Service specific powers that serve as the operational tools of service innovation .
the reorganization act grants the postal service specific powers that serve as the [working] tools of service innovation .

Such characteristics are not confined to network density and could include favorable geographic , demographic , or operational characteristics .
such characteristics are not confined to network density and could include favorable geographic , demographic , or [working] characteristics .

From both an operational and marketing standpoint , cream skimmers would have to serve markets with at best a large proportion of routes in quartile 1 .
from both an [working] and marketing standpoint , cream skimmers would have to serve markets with at best a large proportion of routes in quartile 1 .

According to Ramzi Binalshibh , Atta did not meet with anyone in Prague ; he simply believed it would contribute to operational security to fly out of Prague rather than Hamburg , the departure point for much of his previous international travel .
according to ramzi binalshibh , atta did not meet with anyone in prague ; he simply believed it would contribute to [working] security to fly out of prague rather than hamburg , the departure point for much of his previous international travel .

Several other al Qaeda figures , however , have stated that ethnicity generally was not a factor in the selection of operatives unless it was important for security or operational reasons .
several other al qaeda figures , however , have stated that ethnicity generally was not a factor in the selection of operatives unless it was important for security or [working] reasons .

The 40,000-officer NYPD was headed by a police commissioner , whose duties were not primarily operational but who retained operational authority .
the 40,000-officer nypd was headed by a police commissioner , whose duties were not primarily [working] but who retained [working] authority .

Much of the NYPD 's operational activities were run by the chief of department .
much of the nypd 's [working] activities were run by the chief of department .

The 11,000-member FDNY was headed by a fire commissioner who , unlike the police commissioner , lacked operational authority .
the 11,000-member fdny was headed by a fire commissioner who , unlike the police commissioner , lacked [working] authority .

Since it was a terrorist attack , the Department of Justice was the lead federal agency in charge ( with authority delegated to the FBI for operational response ) .
since it was a terrorist attack , the department of justice was the lead federal agency in charge ( with authority delegated to the fbi for [working] response ) .

There were other instances of coordination at operational levels , and information was shared on an ad hoc basis .
there were other instances of coordination at [working] levels , and information was shared on an ad hoc basis .

While the repeater channel was at least partially operational before the South Tower collapsed , we do not know whether it continued to be operational after 9:59 .
while the repeater channel was at least partially [working] before the south tower collapsed , we do not know whether it continued to be [working] after 9:59 .

According to KSM , the muscle hijackers learned about the specific targets and the Atta 's completed operational plan only in late August .
according to ksm , the muscle hijackers learned about the specific targets and the atta 's completed [working] plan only in late august .

The FBI agent informed us that he was unaware how such internal CIA communications worked , or that the operational cables even existed , and so did not know to ask for them .
the fbi agent informed us that he was unaware how such internal cia communications worked , or that the [working] cables even existed , and so did not know to ask for them .

For operations being headed by the sole five-star chief , see FDNY regulations , `` Regulations '' chapter of `` Operational Procedures and Policies , '' July 1999 .
for operations being headed by the sole five-star chief , see fdny regulations , `` regulations '' chapter of `` [working] procedures and policies , '' july 1999 .

For department organization , see FDNY report , `` Unit Location Chart , '' Sept. 11 , 2001 ; FDNY regulations , `` Firefighting Procedures , '' '' Engine Company , '' and `` Ladder Company Operations '' chapters of `` Operational Procedures and Policies , '' July 1999 .
for department organization , see fdny report , `` unit location chart , '' sept. 11 , 2001 ; fdny regulations , `` firefighting procedures , '' '' engine company , '' and `` ladder company operations '' chapters of `` [working] procedures and policies , '' july 1999 .

FDNY regulations , `` Communications '' chapter of `` Operational Procedures and Policies , '' July 1999 ; FDNY interview 60 , HQ ( May 11 , 2004 ) ; FDNY interview 64 , HQ ( June 30 , 2004 ) .
fdny regulations , `` communications '' chapter of `` [working] procedures and policies , '' july 1999 ; fdny interview 60 , hq ( may 11 , 2004 ) ; fdny interview 64 , hq ( june 30 , 2004 ) .

TTIC has no operational authority .
ttic has no [working] authority .

In this conception , the NCTC should plan actions , assigning responsibilities for operational direction and execution to other agencies .
in this conception , the nctc should plan actions , assigning responsibilities for [working] direction and execution to other agencies .

It could have detailees from other agencies , as it does now , to perform this operational mission .
it could have detailees from other agencies , as it does now , to perform this [working] mission .

Similarly , the FBI 's Counterterrorism Division would remain , as now , the operational arm of the Bureau to combat terrorism .
similarly , the fbi 's counterterrorism division would remain , as now , the [working] arm of the bureau to combat terrorism .

The Defense Department 's unified commands-SOCOM , NORTHCOM , and CENTCOM-would be the joint operational centers taking on DOD tasks .
the defense department 's unified commands-socom , northcom , and centcom-would be the joint [working] centers taking on dod tasks .

They draw on the information they need , tailoring and applying it to their operational needs .
they draw on the information they need , tailoring and applying it to their [working] needs .

The head of the NCTC would thus help coordinate the operational side of these agencies , like the FBI 's Counterterrorism Division .
the head of the nctc would thus help coordinate the [working] side of these agencies , like the fbi 's counterterrorism division .

It received insufficient resources and faced resistance from senior managers in the FBI 's operational divisions .
it received insufficient resources and faced resistance from senior managers in the fbi 's [working] divisions .

The poor state of the FBI 's information systems meant that such access depended in large part on an analyst 's personal relationships with individuals in the operational units or squads where the information resided .
the poor state of the fbi 's information systems meant that such access depended in large part on an analyst 's personal relationships with individuals in the [working] units or squads where the information resided .

The report stated that `` the goal to 'prevent terrorism ' requires a dramatic shift in emphasis from a reactive capability to highly functioning intelligence capability which provides not only leads and operational support , but clear strategic analysis and direction . ''
the report stated that `` the goal to 'prevent terrorism ' requires a dramatic shift in emphasis from a reactive capability to highly functioning intelligence capability which provides not only leads and [working] support , but clear strategic analysis and direction . ''

In the absence of any recent aviation security incident and without `` specific and credible '' evidence of a plot directed at civil aviation , the FAA 's leadership focused elsewhere , including on operational concerns and the ever-present issue of safety .
in the absence of any recent aviation security incident and without `` specific and credible '' evidence of a plot directed at civil aviation , the faa 's leadership focused elsewhere , including on [working] concerns and the ever-present issue of safety .

The operational leader of the 9/11 conspiracy , Mohamed Atta , went online from Hamburg , Germany , to research U.S. flight schools .
the [working] leader of the 9/11 conspiracy , mohamed atta , went online from hamburg , germany , to research u.s. flight schools .

He ( occasionally she ) was governed by an operating directive that listed operational priorities issued by the relevant regional division of the Directorate , constrained by centrally determined allocations of resources .
he ( occasionally she ) was governed by an operating directive that listed [working] priorities issued by the relevant regional division of the directorate , constrained by centrally determined allocations of resources .

More ominous , perhaps , was the demonstration of an operational capability to coordinate two nearly simultaneous attacks on U.S. embassies in different countries .
more ominous , perhaps , was the demonstration of an [working] capability to coordinate two nearly simultaneous attacks on u.s. embassies in different countries .

The same source late last month said that Bin Ladin might implement plans to hijack US aircraft before the beginning of Ramadan on 20 December and that two members of the operational team had evaded security checks during a recent trial run at an unidentified New York airport .
the same source late last month said that bin ladin might implement plans to hijack us aircraft before the beginning of ramadan on 20 december and that two members of the [working] team had evaded security checks during a recent trial run at an unidentified new york airport .

Black , `` Richard , '' and their colleagues began working on a new operational strategy for attacking al Qaeda ; their starting point was to get better intelligence , relying more on the CIA 's own sources and less on the tribals .
black , `` richard , '' and their colleagues began working on a new [working] strategy for attacking al qaeda ; their starting point was to get better intelligence , relying more on the cia 's own sources and less on the tribals .

With a new operational strategy , the CIA evaluated its capture options .
with a new [working] strategy , the cia evaluated its capture options .

During 2001 , Director of Central Intelligence GeorgeTenet was briefed regularly regarding threats and other operational information relating to Usama Bin Ladin .
during 2001 , director of central intelligence georgetenet was briefed regularly regarding threats and other [working] information relating to usama bin ladin .

It asked the offices to task all resources , including human sources and electronic databases , for any information pertaining to `` current operational activities relating to Sunni extremism . ''
it asked the offices to task all resources , including human sources and electronic databases , for any information pertaining to `` current [working] activities relating to sunni extremism . ''

He recalled some operational data on the FBI , and remembered thinking it was heartening that 70 investigations were under way .
he recalled some [working] data on the fbi , and remembered thinking it was heartening that 70 investigations were under way .

He was not given access to the CIA 's internal operational reports , which contained more detail .
he was not given access to the cia 's internal [working] reports , which contained more detail .

Mihdhar had been a weak link in al Qaeda 's operational planning .
mihdhar had been a weak link in al qaeda 's [working] planning .

Originally titled `` Infinite Justice , '' the operation 's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan : '' Enduring Freedom . ''
originally titled `` infinite justice , '' the operation 's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with god alone-to the [working] name still used for operations in afghanistan : '' enduring freedom . ''

The Terrorist Threat Integration Center , while it has primary responsibility for terrorism analysis , is formally proscribed from having any oversight or operational authority and is not part of any operational entity , other than reporting to the director of central intelligence .
the terrorist threat integration center , while it has primary responsibility for terrorism analysis , is formally proscribed from having any oversight or [working] authority and is not part of any [working] entity , other than reporting to the director of central intelligence .

Second , the problem of joint operational planning is often passed to the White House , where the NSC staff tries to play this role .
second , the problem of joint [working] planning is often passed to the white house , where the nsc staff tries to play this role .

Much of the job of operational coordination remains with the agencies , especially the CIA .
much of the job of [working] coordination remains with the agencies , especially the cia .

Lines of operational authority run to the expanding executive departments , and they are guarded for understandable reasons : the DCI commands the CIA 's personnel overseas ; the secretary of defense will not yield to others in conveying commands to military forces ; the Justice Department will not give up the responsibility of deciding whether to seek arrest warrants .
lines of [working] authority run to the expanding executive departments , and they are guarded for understandable reasons : the dci commands the cia 's personnel overseas ; the secretary of defense will not yield to others in conveying commands to military forces ; the justice department will not give up the responsibility of deciding whether to seek arrest warrants .

It should combine strategic intelligence and joint operational planning .
it should combine strategic intelligence and joint [working] planning .

In the Pentagon 's Joint Staff , which serves the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , intelligence is handled by the J-2 directorate , operational planning by J-3 , and overall policy by J-5 .
in the pentagon 's joint staff , which serves the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , intelligence is handled by the j-2 directorate , [working] planning by j-3 , and overall policy by j-5 .

Our concept combines the J-2 and J-3 functions ( intelligence and operational planning ) in one agency , keeping overall policy coordination where it belongs , in the National Security Council .
our concept combines the j-2 and j-3 functions ( intelligence and [working] planning ) in one agency , keeping overall policy coordination where it belongs , in the national security council .

Breaking the older mold of national government organization , this NCTC should be a center for joint operational planning and joint intelligence , staffed by personnel from the various agencies .
breaking the older mold of national government organization , this nctc should be a center for joint [working] planning and joint intelligence , staffed by personnel from the various agencies .

The plans would assign operational responsibilities to lead agencies , such as State , the CIA , the FBI , Defense and its combatant commands , Homeland Security , and other agencies .
the plans would assign [working] responsibilities to lead agencies , such as state , the cia , the fbi , defense and its combatant commands , homeland security , and other agencies .

The joint operational planning function ( J-3 ) will be new to theTTIC structure .
the joint [working] planning function ( j-3 ) will be new to thettic structure .

There are precedents for surrendering authority for joint planning while preserving an agency 's operational control .
there are precedents for surrendering authority for joint planning while preserving an agency 's [working] control .

Recommendation : The CIA Director should emphasize ( a ) rebuilding the CIA 's analytic capabilities ; ( b ) transforming the clandestine service by building its human intelligence capabilities ; ( c ) developing a stronger language program , with high standards and sufficient financial incentives ; ( d ) renewing emphasis on recruiting diversity among operations officers so they can blend more easily in foreign cities ; ( e ) ensuring a seamless relationship between human source collection and signals collection at the operational level ; and ( f ) stressing a better balance between unilateral and liaison operations .
recommendation : the cia director should emphasize ( a ) rebuilding the cia 's analytic capabilities ; ( b ) transforming the clandestine service by building its human intelligence capabilities ; ( c ) developing a stronger language program , with high standards and sufficient financial incentives ; ( d ) renewing emphasis on recruiting diversity among operations officers so they can blend more easily in foreign cities ; ( e ) ensuring a seamless relationship between human source collection and signals collection at the [working] level ; and ( f ) stressing a better balance between unilateral and liaison operations .

The outgoing administration should provide the president-elect , as soon as possible after election day , with a classified , compartmented list that catalogues specific , operational threats to national security ; major military or covert operations ; and pending decisions on the possible use of force .
the outgoing administration should provide the president-elect , as soon as possible after election day , with a classified , compartmented list that catalogues specific , [working] threats to national security ; major military or covert operations ; and pending decisions on the possible use of force .

A Lost Trail in Southeast Asia In late 1999 , the National Security Agency ( NSA ) analyzed communications associated with a suspected terrorist facility in the Middle East , indicating that several members of `` an operational cadre '' were planning to travel to Kuala Lumpur in early January 2000 .
a lost trail in southeast asia in late 1999 , the national security agency ( nsa ) analyzed communications associated with a suspected terrorist facility in the middle east , indicating that several members of `` an [working] cadre '' were planning to travel to kuala lumpur in early january 2000 .

Planning efforts continued to be limited by the same operational and policy concerns encountered in 1998 and 1999 .
planning efforts continued to be limited by the same [working] and policy concerns encountered in 1998 and 1999 .

THE ATTACK ON THE USS COLE Early in chapter 5 we introduced , along with Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , two other men who became operational coordinators for al Qaeda : Khallad and Nashiri .
the attack on the uss cole early in chapter 5 we introduced , along with khalid sheikh mohammed , two other men who became [working] coordinators for al qaeda : khallad and nashiri .

On November 11 , the Yemenis provided the FBI with new information from the interrogations of Badawi and Quso , including descriptions of individuals from whom the detainees had received operational direction .
on november 11 , the yemenis provided the fbi with new information from the interrogations of badawi and quso , including descriptions of individuals from whom the detainees had received [working] direction .

To date we have seen no evidence that these or the earlier contacts ever developed into a collaborative operational relationship .
to date we have seen no evidence that these or the earlier contacts ever developed into a collaborative [working] relationship .

Banshiri , al Qaeda 's military committee chief , continued to be the operational commander of the cell ; but because he was constantly on the move , Bin Ladin had dispatched another operative , Khaled al Fawwaz , to serve as the on-site manager .
banshiri , al qaeda 's military committee chief , continued to be the [working] commander of the cell ; but because he was constantly on the move , bin ladin had dispatched another operative , khaled al fawwaz , to serve as the on-site manager .

Travel issues thus played a part in al Qaeda 's operational planning from the very start .
travel issues thus played a part in al qaeda 's [working] planning from the very start .

In retrospect , the speed with which Atta , Shehhi , Jarrah , and Binalshibh became core members of the 9/11 plot-with Atta designated its operational leader-is remarkable .
in retrospect , the speed with which atta , shehhi , jarrah , and binalshibh became core members of the 9/11 plot-with atta designated its [working] leader-is remarkable .

The operational mission training course taught operatives how to forge documents .
the [working] mission training course taught operatives how to forge documents .

In 1996-1997 , the intelligence community received new information making clear that Bin Ladin headed his own terrorist group , with its own targeting agenda and operational commanders .
in 1996-1997 , the intelligence community received new information making clear that bin ladin headed his own terrorist group , with its own targeting agenda and [working] commanders .

MANAGEMENT Operational Management Earlier in this report we detailed various missed opportunities to thwart the 9/11 plot .
management [working] management earlier in this report we detailed various missed opportunities to thwart the 9/11 plot .

They correctly concluded that `` Nawaf `` and `` Khalid '' might be part of `` an operational cadre '' and that `` something nefarious might be afoot . ''
they correctly concluded that `` nawaf `` and `` khalid '' might be part of `` an [working] cadre '' and that `` something nefarious might be afoot . ''

Although some reporting alleges that Bin Ladin may have been an investor , or even had an operational role , in drug trafficking before 9/11 , this intelligence can not be substantiated .
although some reporting alleges that bin ladin may have been an investor , or even had an [working] role , in drug trafficking before 9/11 , this intelligence can not be substantiated .

Tenet described the millennium alert as probably the most difficult operational environment the CIA had ever faced .
tenet described the millennium alert as probably the most difficult [working] environment the cia had ever faced .

He stated that without a supplemental , it would be impossible for the CTC to continue at its current pace , let alone increase the operational tempo .
he stated that without a supplemental , it would be impossible for the ctc to continue at its current pace , let alone increase the [working] tempo .

Moreover , OTI analysts were separated from the operational side of terrorist financing at CTC , which planned operations against banks and financial facilitators .
moreover , oti analysts were separated from the [working] side of terrorist financing at ctc , which planned operations against banks and financial facilitators .

FAA memo , `` Full Transcript ; Command Center ; NOM Operational Position ; September 11 , 2001 , '' Oct. 14 , 2003 , pp .
faa memo , `` full transcript ; command center ; nom [working] position ; september 11 , 2001 , '' oct. 14 , 2003 , pp .

It had the operational space to gather and sift recruits , indoctrinating them in isolated , desert camps .
it had the [working] space to gather and sift recruits , indoctrinating them in isolated , desert camps .

The first operational evidence that something was abnormal on United 175 came at 8:47 , when the aircraft changed beacon codes twice within a minute .
the first [working] evidence that something was abnormal on united 175 came at 8:47 , when the aircraft changed beacon codes twice within a minute .

FAA Control Centers often receive information and make operational decisions independently of one another .
faa control centers often receive information and make [working] decisions independently of one another .

We do not believe that the true picture of that morning reflects discredit on the operational personnel at NEADS or FAA facilities .
we do not believe that the true picture of that morning reflects discredit on the [working] personnel at neads or faa facilities .

This analysis is useful because there is a second potential pool of 27 ARV-implementation HCFs in the South African operational plan for ARV rollout [ 17 ] .
this analysis is useful because there is a second potential pool of 27 arv-implementation hcfs in the south african [working] plan for arv rollout [ 17 ] .

We analyze this case , in which 27 HCFs are utilized in the ARV rollout , and we also analyze how optimal ARV allocation would change if all 54 hospitals in KwaZulu–Natal were operational for the rollout of ARVs .
we analyze this case , in which 27 hcfs are utilized in the arv rollout , and we also analyze how optimal arv allocation would change if all 54 hospitals in kwazulu–natal were [working] for the rollout of arvs .

We also simulated two additional cases with increased numbers and locations of HCFs ( 27 HCFs as suggested in South Africa 's official ARV rollout operational plan [ 17 ] ; and all 54 hospitals in KwaZulu–Natal ) .
we also simulated two additional cases with increased numbers and locations of hcfs ( 27 hcfs as suggested in south africa 's official arv rollout [working] plan [ 17 ] ; and all 54 hospitals in kwazulu–natal ) .

Results Characteristics of Facilities Of the 163 facilities sampled , 20 were no longer operational ; for ten , contact could not be established after two attempts at the time of sampling ; and 15 were not eligible .
results characteristics of facilities of the 163 facilities sampled , 20 were no longer [working] ; for ten , contact could not be established after two attempts at the time of sampling ; and 15 were not eligible .

Of the 118 eligible facilities where contact was established , 111 participated in the study ( 78 % of operational facilities ) .
of the 118 eligible facilities where contact was established , 111 participated in the study ( 78 % of [working] facilities ) .

Maps of actual and predicted surface winds showed strong similarities , encouraging Butler to foresee an ideal scenario in which fire fighting teams enter wind flow data online or by telephone to a central base where gridded wind maps and fire growth simulations are generated within hours , before operational decisions are made .
maps of actual and predicted surface winds showed strong similarities , encouraging butler to foresee an ideal scenario in which fire fighting teams enter wind flow data online or by telephone to a central base where gridded wind maps and fire growth simulations are generated within hours , before [working] decisions are made .

While the cost of antiretroviral medications has dropped considerably , other obstacles , including the cost , technical , and operational requirements of CD4 counts , viral loads , and other sophisticated diagnostic tests used to initiate and monitor HIV treatment , remain to be addressed .
while the cost of antiretroviral medications has dropped considerably , other obstacles , including the cost , technical , and [working] requirements of cd4 counts , viral loads , and other sophisticated diagnostic tests used to initiate and monitor hiv treatment , remain to be addressed .

Several factorsâ€ ” including the cost of a flow cytometer ( which ranges from $ 30,000 to $ 150,000 ) , technical and operational complexity , the need for reliable electricity , and the high cost of reagentsâ€ ” have made these instruments impractical and/or difficult to sustain in resource-scarce settings .
several factorsâ€ ” including the cost of a flow cytometer ( which ranges from $ 30,000 to $ 150,000 ) , technical and [working] complexity , the need for reliable electricity , and the high cost of reagentsâ€ ” have made these instruments impractical and/or difficult to sustain in resource-scarce settings .

Further operational research is needed to validate the findings of this study .
further [working] research is needed to validate the findings of this study .

This unique and new warfighting concept underpins the massive reorganisation and new initiatives impacting both the operational and intelligence community capabilities .
this unique and new warfighting concept underpins the massive reorganisation and new initiatives impacting both the [working] and intelligence community capabilities .

Script notes by Quentin Quiet-noted treatment development reader for Mirromax Films What is most visible here is the severely narrowed operational scope of the Sirenians , who suffer from too much early viewing of films depicting Wily Oriental Gentlemen ( viz , the origin in English colonialism of this term ) .
script notes by quentin quiet-noted treatment development reader for mirromax films what is most visible here is the severely narrowed [working] scope of the sirenians , who suffer from too much early viewing of films depicting wily oriental gentlemen ( viz , the origin in english colonialism of this term ) .

The site was n't operational until January .
the site was n't [working] until january .

Of the three plant workers involved in the accident , two were rookies and the third had very little operational experience , it said .
of the three plant workers involved in the accident , two were rookies and the third had very little [working] experience , it said .

The Russian general staff has `` operational plans and a detailed timetable of movement of troops to Grozny and even of the storming of the city , '' the newspaper said .
the russian general staff has `` [working] plans and a detailed timetable of movement of troops to grozny and even of the storming of the city , '' the newspaper said .

In the space of three days it has thrown that strategy over , in favor of a massive bid for a company that it will find very difficult to integrate with , from both a regulatory and an operational perspective .
in the space of three days it has thrown that strategy over , in favor of a massive bid for a company that it will find very difficult to integrate with , from both a regulatory and an [working] perspective .

In a way Redstone 's `` content is king '' refrain seems a bit old-school next to the `` distribution is king '' refrain of Mel Karmazin , who is head of CBS and will be the operational head of the new Viacom .
in a way redstone 's `` content is king '' refrain seems a bit old-school next to the `` distribution is king '' refrain of mel karmazin , who is head of cbs and will be the [working] head of the new viacom .

It was far from blind ; and there is good reason to credit President Clinton 's claim that this was a pre-emptive assault on operational terrorist bases preparing to carry out further attacks on American targets which would have cost , as they did in Nairobi , the lives of hundreds of non-Americans as well . ''
it was far from blind ; and there is good reason to credit president clinton 's claim that this was a pre-emptive assault on [working] terrorist bases preparing to carry out further attacks on american targets which would have cost , as they did in nairobi , the lives of hundreds of non-americans as well . ''

Strategically , few dispute the merits of perfecting `` theater '' defenses , such as the upgraded Patriot missile to swat down low-flying shorter-range missiles on overseas battlefields , but the genuine operational need for a missile defense system for the U.S. homeland remains a much-gnawed bone of contention .
strategically , few dispute the merits of perfecting `` theater '' defenses , such as the upgraded patriot missile to swat down low-flying shorter-range missiles on overseas battlefields , but the genuine [working] need for a missile defense system for the u.s. homeland remains a much-gnawed bone of contention .

There were a dozen , almost identical accounts of the operational technique of ethnic cleansing .
there were a dozen , almost identical accounts of the [working] technique of ethnic cleansing .

When asked this weekend why the United States was withholding helicopters , Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Hugh Shelton and NATO spokesman Shea answered with mumbo jumbo about `` training , '' `` operational matters , '' `` procedural matters , '' and the `` moving parts '' of a `` complex operation . ''
when asked this weekend why the united states was withholding helicopters , joint chiefs chairman gen. hugh shelton and nato spokesman shea answered with mumbo jumbo about `` training , '' `` [working] matters , '' `` procedural matters , '' and the `` moving parts '' of a `` complex operation . ''

To maintain , then , as do Kutchins and Kirk , that `` having an operational procedure for determining whether a phenomenon belongs in a class , such as the checklist of symptoms in DSM , does not substantiate what that construct or class is , '' is to completely misunderstand how the DSM works .
to maintain , then , as do kutchins and kirk , that `` having an [working] procedure for determining whether a phenomenon belongs in a class , such as the checklist of symptoms in dsm , does not substantiate what that construct or class is , '' is to completely misunderstand how the dsm works .

When it comes to the operational side of the CIA 's work -- mostly the recruitment of agents in place -- it is certainly more difficult to strike just the right tone with a foreign diplomat or functionary without a broader background than can be gained in Salt Lake City or Dayton .
when it comes to the [working] side of the cia 's work -- mostly the recruitment of agents in place -- it is certainly more difficult to strike just the right tone with a foreign diplomat or functionary without a broader background than can be gained in salt lake city or dayton .

The Inspector running a shift of operational officers is also the guv'nor .
the inspector running a shift of [working] officers is also the guv'nor .

