The jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department , the Fulton Tax Commissioner's Office , the Bellwood and Alpharetta prison farms , Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department .
the jury praised the administration and [use] of the atlanta police department , the fulton tax commissioner's office , the bellwood and alpharetta prison farms , grady hospital and the fulton health department .

He said that when he was a Socialist in 1910 , the party called for government operation of all utilities and the pooling of all resources .
he said that when he was a socialist in 1910 , the party called for government [use] of all utilities and the pooling of all resources .

This was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations .
this was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the soviet union to gain a greater role in the staff and [use] of the united nations .

-- Bobby Waters of Sylvania , Ga. , relief quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League , will undergo a knee operation tomorrow at Franklin Hospital here .
-- bobby waters of sylvania , ga. , relief quarterback for the san francisco 49ers of the national football league , will undergo a knee [use] tomorrow at franklin hospital here .

He missed the 1955 season because of an operation on the ailing knee , then played 77 minutes in 1956 .
he missed the 1955 season because of an [use] on the ailing knee , then played 77 minutes in 1956 .

For most of the 25 years the operation was under feminine direction .
for most of the 25 years the [use] was under feminine direction .

Equipment should be in operation `` almost immediately after the first snowfall '' , Mr. Schaefer said .
equipment should be in [use] `` almost immediately after the first snowfall '' , mr. schaefer said .

The continued operation of this program depends on having his service '' .
the continued [use] of this program depends on having his service '' .

The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies .
the company began [use] in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies .

The increase in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation .
the increase in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin [use] .

Al has added some sidemen to the act which makes for a smoother operation but it's substantially the same format heard last spring .
al has added some sidemen to the act which makes for a smoother [use] but it's substantially the same format heard last spring .

The second half of the film `` Communism on the Map '' and the movie `` Operation Abolition '' also will be shown .
the second half of the film `` communism on the map '' and the movie `` [use] abolition '' also will be shown .

At the earlier `` pre-academic excellence '' stage of Catholic education , the operation could be conducted on an intra-mural community basis .
at the earlier `` pre-academic excellence '' stage of catholic education , the [use] could be conducted on an intra-mural community basis .

Holders of toll-road bonds are finding improvements in monthly reports on operation of the turnpikes .
holders of toll-road bonds are finding improvements in monthly reports on [use] of the turnpikes .

Some turnpikes have not been in full operation long enough to prove what they can do .
some turnpikes have not been in full [use] long enough to prove what they can do .

This system , by virtue of its variety and size , offers an inclusive view of the plan in operation .
this system , by virtue of its variety and size , offers an inclusive view of the plan in [use] .

The vote still gives citizens a voice in the operation of their government and their party .
the vote still gives citizens a voice in the [use] of their government and their party .

The funds would be used for equipment , not for land , buildings , or operation .
the funds would be used for equipment , not for land , buildings , or [use] .

Moreover , the entire state Democratic hierarchy , from Gov. Brown on down to the county chairmen , also participates in this huge operation .
moreover , the entire state democratic hierarchy , from gov. brown on down to the county chairmen , also participates in this huge [use] .

President Kennedy has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called `` Operation Survival '' which has many facets .
president kennedy has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called `` [use] survival '' which has many facets .

The Transit Authority has recently placed in operation `` hold '' lights at BMT Thirty-ninth and Fifty-ninth Street stations in Brooklyn .
the transit authority has recently placed in [use] `` hold '' lights at bmt thirty-ninth and fifty-ninth street stations in brooklyn .

No matter that the Katanga operation is strategically insane in terms of Western interests in Africa .
no matter that the katanga [use] is strategically insane in terms of western interests in africa .

And Harry Dexter White , implicated in F.B.I. reports in Communist associations , was one of the architects of the Morgenthau Plan , which had it ever been put into full operation , would have simply handed Germany to Stalin .
and harry dexter white , implicated in f.b.i. reports in communist associations , was one of the architects of the morgenthau plan , which had it ever been put into full [use] , would have simply handed germany to stalin .

the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` Catholics , if the present system is still in operation , will constitute almost one-third of the House of Lords in the next generation '' ; ;
the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` catholics , if the present system is still in [use] , will constitute almost one-third of the house of lords in the next generation '' ; ;

Until this hunter-killer operation can be performed by spacecraft , manned aircraft appear to be the only means available to us .
until this hunter-killer [use] can be performed by spacecraft , manned aircraft appear to be the only means available to us .

If that's done , the house can be designed and oriented for best operation , and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself .
if that's done , the house can be designed and oriented for best [use] , and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself .

The direction , velocity , and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and operation of the area .
the direction , velocity , and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and [use] of the area .

Have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get worse ? ?
have cost studies been made of every phase of your [use] to determine what might be done if things get worse ? ?

Have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? ?
have you checked the cost of subcontracting your cafeteria [use] in order to save administrative costs ? ?

Have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in-plant feeding operation ? ?
have you considered gradual withdrawal of subsidies to your in-plant feeding [use] ? ?

Consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the operation of the plant .
consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum inconvenience to the [use] of the plant .

What can be done for the `` individual contributor '' who is extremely important -- and likely to be more so -- in the operation of the technically oriented company ? ?
what can be done for the `` individual contributor '' who is extremely important -- and likely to be more so -- in the [use] of the technically oriented company ? ?

Actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities .
actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' [use] that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities .

This is a pilot operation sponsored by a new entity chartered in Delaware as the Tri-State Pipeline Corporation , with principal offices in New York State .
this is a pilot [use] sponsored by a new entity chartered in delaware as the tri-state pipeline corporation , with principal offices in new york state .

For this first development the supplier signing the lease is a major oil company but in turn the deal is being transferred for operation to its local fueloil distributor .
for this first development the supplier signing the lease is a major oil company but in turn the deal is being transferred for [use] to its local fueloil distributor .

Even `` America's most efficient builder '' , Bob Schmitt of Berea , hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the time-&-motion studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley Works .
even `` america's most efficient builder '' , bob schmitt of berea , hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the time-&-motion studies now being completed on his [use] by industrial efficiency engineers from the stanley works .

In this one sentence , he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school .
in this one sentence , he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in [use] at the school .

It depends on the kind and the scale of the farming operation .
it depends on the kind and the scale of the farming [use] .

Still more jealous bitterness was engendered by the O'Banion gang's seizure from a West Side marshalling yard of a freight-car load of Canadian whisky worth $100,000 and by one of the biggest coups of the Prohibition era -- the Sibley warehouse robbery , which became famous for the cool brazenness of the operation .
still more jealous bitterness was engendered by the o'banion gang's seizure from a west side marshalling yard of a freight-car load of canadian whisky worth $100,000 and by one of the biggest coups of the prohibition era -- the sibley warehouse robbery , which became famous for the cool brazenness of the [use] .

These 1750 cases were carted off in a one-night operation by the O'Banion men , who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water .
these 1750 cases were carted off in a one-night [use] by the o'banion men , who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water .

The Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood , supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak Song .
the prince visited the hospital of [use] brotherhood , supported by the junior chamber of commerce of the philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at pak song .

William's threat that under no conditions would he allow `` freedom-conscious '' slaves to mix with his own was not carried out , for the plantation continued in operation as before .
william's threat that under no conditions would he allow `` freedom-conscious '' slaves to mix with his own was not carried out , for the plantation continued in [use] as before .

An internal police operation managed by Scott McLeod , a former F.B.I. man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence , was part of the vengeance .
an internal police [use] managed by scott mcleod , a former f.b.i. man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence , was part of the vengeance .

He was busy , he said , in having someone submit to a monkey-gland operation .
he was busy , he said , in having someone submit to a monkey-gland [use] .

The total operation was a construction project comparable in magnitude with the Panama Canal , but in 1917 time was in short supply ; ;
the total [use] was a construction project comparable in magnitude with the panama canal , but in 1917 time was in short supply ; ;

He is said to have reported that once , when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious operation , and the friend protested that it had been `` nothing '' , she replied , `` Well , it was your healthy American peasant blood that pulled you through '' .
he is said to have reported that once , when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious [use] , and the friend protested that it had been `` nothing '' , she replied , `` well , it was your healthy american peasant blood that pulled you through '' .

Such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and Government with the facts required to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the operation of the economy .
such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and government with the facts required to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the [use] of the economy .

No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world , and I shall never forget his moving talks , delivered in simple yet eloquent words , upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government .
no one could be more devoted than he to the american congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world , and i shall never forget his moving talks , delivered in simple yet eloquent words , upon the meaning of our jobs as representatives in the [use] of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government .

The motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems , records keeping , analyses of vehicle use , and effecting economies in vehicle operation .
the motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems , records keeping , analyses of vehicle use , and effecting economies in vehicle [use] .

History and operation of the motor pool .
history and [use] of the motor pool .

It met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ) , a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation .
it met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ) , a centralized [use] for the maintenance and control of all state transportation .

It was organizationally the responsibility of the Department of Public Works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's operation .
it was organizationally the responsibility of the department of public works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's [use] .

In 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the newly-created Department of Administration , an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government .
in 1951 the pool's [use] was transferred to the newly-created department of administration , an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government .

The motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation .
the motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized [use] .

Present pool quarters at two locations in Providence are crowded , antiquated and , in general , make for inefficient operation in terms of dispersement of personnel and duplication of such operational needs as stock and repair equipment .
present pool quarters at two locations in providence are crowded , antiquated and , in general , make for inefficient [use] in terms of dispersement of personnel and duplication of such operational needs as stock and repair equipment .

The legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles .
the legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and [use] of vehicles .

The resulting setup , it was declared , `` would be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than Rhode Island '' .
the resulting setup , it was declared , `` would be similar to that which is in successful [use] in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than rhode island '' .

Expansion and relocation of industry in Rhode Island is the direct responsibility of the Development Council's Industrial Division , and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation .
expansion and relocation of industry in rhode island is the direct responsibility of the development council's industrial division , and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's [use] .

A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies .
a primary function is the [use] of a government bid center , which receives bids daily from the federal government's principal purchasing agencies .

An important operation in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term `` Missionary calls '' by one of this Division's industrial promotion specialists .
an important [use] in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term `` missionary calls '' by one of this division's industrial promotion specialists .

Additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation Turnkey , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of Brown University , Providence College , and University of Rhode Island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel .
additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for [use] turnkey , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of brown university , providence college , and university of rhode island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel .

recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( A ) and ( B ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; ;
recommend to the congress from time to time authorization for construction and [use] , or for participation in the construction and [use] , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; ;

Throughout the period and during the movement operation , the Museum continued its functional support of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology .
throughout the period and during the movement [use] , the museum continued its functional support of the armed forces institute of pathology .

This is a $14 million operation involving 3,500 employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively .
this is a $14 million [use] involving 3,500 employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively .

A naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the Monroe Doctrine , would be a relatively simple operation to carry out , and would bring an abrupt end to Soviet penetration of our hemisphere '' .
a naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the monroe doctrine , would be a relatively simple [use] to carry out , and would bring an abrupt end to soviet penetration of our hemisphere '' .

The provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in operation , which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone .
the provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in state programs already in [use] , which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone .

If any official operation abroad begins to go wrong , we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for remedial action .
if any official [use] abroad begins to go wrong , we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for remedial action .

For this , the Peace Corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation .
for this , the peace corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas [use] .

One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations .
one of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the [use] of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations .

Operation and maintenance .
[use] and maintenance .

The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met , as they have in other States , through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise .
the growing communications needs of this new state can best be met , as they have in other states , through the [use] and development of such facilities by private enterprise .

The two Governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement .
the two governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this agreement or to the [use] of arrangements carried out pursuant to this agreement .

Accordingly , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations .
accordingly , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the [use] of daytime stations .

Class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .
class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease [use] or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .

With respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- A operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;
with respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- a stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the united states on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- a [use] , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;

But nighttime operation by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service , interference which is substantial unless steps are taken to minimize it .
but nighttime [use] by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service , interference which is substantial unless steps are taken to minimize it .

Additional class 2 , assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class 1 , stations or to each other , and by their operation provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities .
additional class 2 , assignments for daytime [use] can be made without causing destructive interference to the class 1 , stations or to each other , and by their [use] provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities .

Because the bobbin-to-cone winding process is a relatively high-cost operation for the mill , the almost complete automation provided by the Uniconer can mean important economies in textile production , at the same time upgrading quality .
because the bobbin-to-cone winding process is a relatively high-cost [use] for the mill , the almost complete automation provided by the uniconer can mean important economies in textile production , at the same time upgrading quality .

Because of the falling characteristic of the rectifier , no ballast resistor was required for stability of operation .
because of the falling characteristic of the rectifier , no ballast resistor was required for stability of [use] .

The spraying operation was conducted from the rear deck of a small Naval vessel , cruising two miles off-shore and vertical to an on-sure breeze .
the spraying [use] was conducted from the rear deck of a small naval vessel , cruising two miles off-shore and vertical to an on-sure breeze .

This operation was started at 5:00 p.m. and lasted for 29 minutes .
this [use] was started at 5:00 p.m. and lasted for 29 minutes .

We will deal first with the program in the Congo though this was put into operation later than the other .
we will deal first with the program in the congo though this was put into [use] later than the other .

These two steps essentially complete the lookup operation .
these two steps essentially complete the lookup [use] .

The only requirements on dictionary information made by the text-lookup operation are that each form represented by the dictionary be available for lookup in the text-form list and that information for each form be available in a sequence identical with the sequence of the forms .
the only requirements on dictionary information made by the text-lookup [use] are that each form represented by the dictionary be available for lookup in the text-form list and that information for each form be available in a sequence identical with the sequence of the forms .

The moving of millions of the German master-race , from the very heart of Junkerdom , to make room for the Polish Slavs whom they had enslaved and openly planned to exterminate was a drastic operation , but there was little doubt that it was historically justified .
the moving of millions of the german master-race , from the very heart of junkerdom , to make room for the polish slavs whom they had enslaved and openly planned to exterminate was a drastic [use] , but there was little doubt that it was historically justified .

In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public-limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation .
in order to focus clearly upon the [use] of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public-limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation .

Part 2 , discusses the operation of the model and derives some significant conclusions .
part 2 , discusses the [use] of the model and derives some significant conclusions .

We assume that average total unit cost in the relevant region of operation is constant with respect to quantity produced ( the average cost curve is horizontal , and therefore is identical with the marginal cost curve ) , and is the same for every firm ( and therefore for the industry ) .
we assume that average total unit cost in the relevant region of [use] is constant with respect to quantity produced ( the average cost curve is horizontal , and therefore is identical with the marginal cost curve ) , and is the same for every firm ( and therefore for the industry ) .

2 , the operation of the model
2 , the [use] of the model

Exceptions are often classified as transfers by `` operation of law '' .
exceptions are often classified as transfers by `` [use] of law '' .

A tax-free reorganization not complying with the merger or consolidation statutes of the states involved is difficult to fit into an `` operation of law '' mold .
a tax-free reorganization not complying with the merger or consolidation statutes of the states involved is difficult to fit into an `` [use] of law '' mold .

Holding the final corporation entitled to sue on the claim , the Court cited the Seaboard , Novo Trading , and Roomberg cases for the proposition that `` transfers by operation of law or in conjunction with changes of corporate structure are not assignments prohibited by the statute '' .
holding the final corporation entitled to sue on the claim , the court cited the seaboard , novo trading , and roomberg cases for the proposition that `` transfers by [use] of law or in conjunction with changes of corporate structure are not assignments prohibited by the statute '' .

The impact of noncompliance under the Wagner-Peyser Act is clear : the withdrawal of some $11 million a year of administrative funds which finance our employment service program or , as a corollary , the taking over by the Federal Government of its operation .
the impact of noncompliance under the wagner-peyser act is clear : the withdrawal of some $11 million a year of administrative funds which finance our employment service program or , as a corollary , the taking over by the federal government of its [use] .

The latter now furnishes the area with electricity distributed from a modern sub-station at Manchester Depot which was put into operation February 19 , 1930 and was improved in January 1942 by the installation of larger transformers .
the latter now furnishes the area with electricity distributed from a modern sub-station at manchester depot which was put into [use] february 19 , 1930 and was improved in january 1942 by the installation of larger transformers .

In many cases that statement -- `` We break even on our downtown operation and make money on our branches '' -- would be turned around if the cost analysis were recalculated on terms less prejudicial to the old store .
in many cases that statement -- `` we break even on our downtown [use] and make money on our branches '' -- would be turned around if the cost analysis were recalculated on terms less prejudicial to the old store .

The declarative operation EQU is used to equate symbolic names to item numbers ( see page 85 ) .
the declarative [use] equ is used to equate symbolic names to item numbers ( see page 85 ) .

The label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21 ; ;
the label and [use] columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21 ; ;

This operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant , with a slowly increasing load , over a reasonable period of time .
this [use] would permit evaluation of the pilot plant , with a slowly increasing load , over a reasonable period of time .

The aerator had a variable-speed drive to permit operation through a range of speeds .
the aerator had a variable-speed drive to permit [use] through a range of speeds .

The data given in Table 2 , show the routine operation of the aerator .
the data given in table 2 , show the routine [use] of the aerator .

The first stage of operation has centered on the literature imaging of critical or summarizing tabulations such as the Barker Index .
the first stage of [use] has centered on the literature imaging of critical or summarizing tabulations such as the barker index .

This operation requires from 10 to 12 minutes .
this [use] requires from 10 to 12 minutes .

During the rinsing operation the volume in the tubs gradually increases until overflow from the main drain begins .
during the rinsing [use] the volume in the tubs gradually increases until overflow from the main drain begins .

Suppose that Af , and that the average operation requires only Af sec. .
suppose that af , and that the average [use] requires only af sec. .

Hence P is the increase in value of the stream minus the cost of operation , that is , the net profit .
hence p is the increase in value of the stream minus the cost of [use] , that is , the net profit .

However , the leveling operation can be maintained and controlled remotely with no mechanical or optical contact with the platform .
however , the leveling [use] can be maintained and controlled remotely with no mechanical or optical contact with the platform .

In the spring of 1942 Operation Reinhard began in Lublin .
in the spring of 1942 [use] reinhard began in lublin .

Was Operation Reinhard the same pattern for the daily trains now leaving the Umschlagplatz in Warsaw ? ?
was [use] reinhard the same pattern for the daily trains now leaving the umschlagplatz in warsaw ? ?

`` Once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation , Mrs. Calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed .
`` once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone [use] , mrs. calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed .

Ten years older than Mitch Barton , he had clawed his way up from mucker in the pits to manager of the operation .
ten years older than mitch barton , he had clawed his way up from mucker in the pits to manager of the [use] .

It never registered with them that I had time to read all of Balzac , Dickens , and Stendhal while Papa was dying , not to mention everything in the city library after Mother's operation .
it never registered with them that i had time to read all of balzac , dickens , and stendhal while papa was dying , not to mention everything in the city library after mother's [use] .

He says that they mounted an undercover operation to get to the horse — it 's in such a bad way it may have to be put down .
he says that they mounted an undercover [use] to get to the horse — it 's in such a bad way it may have to be put down .

As police from the West Mercia force watched the last hippies leave the Common , their Chief Constable was declaring the whole operation a success .
as police from the west mercia force watched the last hippies leave the common , their chief constable was declaring the whole [use] a success .

Police in three counties are counting the cost of an operation to stop travellers from staging a bank holiday weekend festival .
police in three counties are counting the cost of an [use] to stop travellers from staging a bank holiday weekend festival .

With the travellers finaly dispersed — the police judged the operation a success .
with the travellers finaly dispersed — the police judged the [use] a success .

But from the travelling community , there 's open contempt for the police operation and a prediction ; they 'll be back .
but from the travelling community , there 's open contempt for the police [use] and a prediction ; they 'll be back .

For the past 11 and a half years , Michelle Howard has been paralysed from the chest down ; the result , she claims , of a routine jaw operation she underwent at Poole General Hospital in 1982 .
for the past 11 and a half years , michelle howard has been paralysed from the chest down ; the result , she claims , of a routine jaw [use] she underwent at poole general hospital in 1982 .

The authority denies being negligent before , during or after the operation .
the authority denies being negligent before , during or after the [use] .

The rest of its operation , producing mining roof supports and other conveyors will be centralised at its headquarters in Ashchurch .
the rest of its [use] , producing mining roof supports and other conveyors will be centralised at its headquarters in ashchurch .

It 's been described as the biggest child movement operation since the evacuees in 1939 , but infinitely happier .
it 's been described as the biggest child movement [use] since the evacuees in 1939 , but infinitely happier .

Laura Davies undergoes life-saving operation
laura davies undergoes life-saving [use]

Detectives have seized around five hundred suspected pirate videos in a joint operation with copyright investigators .
detectives have seized around five hundred suspected pirate videos in a joint [use] with copyright investigators .

He says he had a fifty-fifty chance of surviving the operation but it was better than no odds at all .
he says he had a fifty-fifty chance of surviving the [use] but it was better than no odds at all .

He says you 're not allowed to meet your donor until at least 1 year after the operation .
he says you 're not allowed to meet your donor until at least 1 year after the [use] .

He was relatively cheerful and uncomplaining for a man who had had a 40 minute operation to join his fractured kneecap and a severed tendon together again .
he was relatively cheerful and uncomplaining for a man who had had a 40 minute [use] to join his fractured kneecap and a severed tendon together again .

The Atomic Energy Authority is giving some of its protective equipment to the Ukraine to help with the continuing clean-up operation at Chernobyl .
the atomic energy authority is giving some of its protective equipment to the ukraine to help with the continuing clean-up [use] at chernobyl .

Now scientists at the Harwell Laboratory in Oxfordshire are sending three tonnes of protective clothing to Chernobyl to help the clean-up operation .
now scientists at the harwell laboratory in oxfordshire are sending three tonnes of protective clothing to chernobyl to help the clean-up [use] .

It 'll mean the clean up operation will be much safer .
it 'll mean the clean up [use] will be much safer .

Six years on , the massive clean up operation is far from complete .
six years on , the massive clean up [use] is far from complete .

But his back problem is routine . It 's the kind of operation the Community Health Council believes could soon be transferred out of the county :
but his back problem is routine . it 's the kind of [use] the community health council believes could soon be transferred out of the county :

Steve 's left ear was half-severed and he required more than 250 stitches in a 5-hour operation .
steve 's left ear was half-severed and he required more than 250 stitches in a 5-hour [use] .

She was rushed to Northampton General Hospital where she underwent several hours of surgery , including a tracheotomy operation .
she was rushed to northampton general hospital where she underwent several hours of surgery , including a tracheotomy [use] .

It was the biggest operation of its kind ever undertaken in the county .
it was the biggest [use] of its kind ever undertaken in the county .

They 're being sent to a village house which has become the centre of a sophisticated operation ferrying out thousands of parcels to Dubrovnik.Mike Rowbottom reports .
they 're being sent to a village house which has become the centre of a sophisticated [use] ferrying out thousands of parcels to dubrovnik.mike rowbottom reports .

However , Hercules will still have to make resupplying runs to Saudi Arabia for so long as the air exclusion operation lasts .
however , hercules will still have to make resupplying runs to saudi arabia for so long as the air exclusion [use] lasts .

The Vulcan Bomber 's going out of operation , but this weekend it 's the main attraction at what 's being billed as Britain 's most spectacular air show .
the vulcan bomber 's going out of [use] , but this weekend it 's the main attraction at what 's being billed as britain 's most spectacular air show .

Police chiefs say an operation to stop an illegal rave party was a great success .
police chiefs say an [use] to stop an illegal rave party was a great success .

What they found was a police operation aimed at sending them back where they came from .
what they found was a police [use] aimed at sending them back where they came from .

Police set up Operation Tweed late last week … over the weekend they drafted in fifty officers .
police set up [use] tweed late last week … over the weekend they drafted in fifty officers .

Bush returns to Florida to check on relief operation
bush returns to florida to check on relief [use]

Exactly when the new Swindon service will come into operation depends on the results of technical tests currently under way in the London area .
exactly when the new swindon service will come into [use] depends on the results of technical tests currently under way in the london area .

Exactly when the new Swindon service will come into operation depends on the results of technical tests currently under way in the London area .
exactly when the new swindon service will come into [use] depends on the results of technical tests currently under way in the london area .

Dino Dugganitch and Senad Mirvic were airlfted into Britian last month as part of Operation Irma which brought the wounded out Sarajevo .
dino dugganitch and senad mirvic were airlfted into britian last month as part of [use] irma which brought the wounded out sarajevo .

Whereas Senad , who lost an eye , and needed a jaw operation must stay in Britian for at least another few months .
whereas senad , who lost an eye , and needed a jaw [use] must stay in britian for at least another few months .

Despite the peaceful outcome it had been a major operation .
despite the peaceful outcome it had been a major [use] .

The three youths were arrested by officers involved in Operation Overdrive , the police 's attempts to crackdown on joyriding in Oxford .
the three youths were arrested by officers involved in [use] overdrive , the police 's attempts to crackdown on joyriding in oxford .

Operation Overdrive is underway .
[use] overdrive is underway .

The Police 's long term answer has been Operation Overdrive .
the police 's long term answer has been [use] overdrive .

If a display does happen now that display is down to 2 handbrake turns and certainly no longer than 2 minutes , because of the success of the operation .
if a display does happen now that display is down to 2 handbrake turns and certainly no longer than 2 minutes , because of the success of the [use] .

Operation Overdrive has had its successes .
[use] overdrive has had its successes .

We put our plan into operation and stopped the car .
we put our plan into [use] and stopped the car .

This was a very successful operation .
this was a very successful [use] .

These were first deployed to the Gulf 3 weeks before Operation Desert Storm , the war which started a year ago this Friday .
these were first deployed to the gulf 3 weeks before [use] desert storm , the war which started a year ago this friday .

Today 's training exercise was only able to go ahead because of an emergency packing operation which has been set up at the base .
today 's training exercise was only able to go ahead because of an emergency packing [use] which has been set up at the base .

What we 're doing is a makeshift operation .
what we 're doing is a makeshift [use] .

They were at the sharp end of an operation conceived at the Oxford based company Unipart .
they were at the sharp end of an [use] conceived at the oxford based company unipart .

Each time the operation 's been cancelled because there 's no intensive care bed for him to recover in .
each time the [use] 's been cancelled because there 's no intensive care bed for him to recover in .

Operation Screwdriver : Police crackdown on riot estate joyriders .
[use] screwdriver : police crackdown on riot estate joyriders .

The operation would set you back around a thousand pounds .
the [use] would set you back around a thousand pounds .

This joint operation will last for a year .
this joint [use] will last for a year .

The operation was cancelled because of a shortage of beds in intensive care where he will recover from his surgery .
the [use] was cancelled because of a shortage of beds in intensive care where he will recover from his surgery .

He was all ready to be wheeled into theatre at Oxford 's John Radcliffe Hospital for an artery replacement in his heart when he was told this afternoon that the operation was off.The intensive care unit bed he would use to recover from after surgery had been taken by another , more urgent case .
he was all ready to be wheeled into theatre at oxford 's john radcliffe hospital for an artery replacement in his heart when he was told this afternoon that the [use] was off.the intensive care unit bed he would use to recover from after surgery had been taken by another , more urgent case .

Words ca n't describe what it 's like to be all ready for your operation and then be told it 's off again for the third time.It 's beyond a joke .
words ca n't describe what it 's like to be all ready for your [use] and then be told it 's off again for the third time.it 's beyond a joke .

He admits to being nervous because it was the first time this kind of operation was carried out .
he admits to being nervous because it was the first time this kind of [use] was carried out .

Despite new initiatives like Operation Gemini … thefts from cars are still rising .
despite new initiatives like [use] gemini … thefts from cars are still rising .

The announcment comes on the day of a clear up operation at a public park which was invaded by a group of gyspies .
the announcment comes on the day of a clear up [use] at a public park which was invaded by a group of gyspies .

Drugs were also seized and police say it was part of a long term campaign , codenamed Operation Lucy and targeted on a guns and drug network .
drugs were also seized and police say it was part of a long term campaign , codenamed [use] lucy and targeted on a guns and drug network .

The operation involved 150 regional crime Squad detectives and was organised from Luton Police Station In Bedfordshire .
the [use] involved 150 regional crime squad detectives and was organised from luton police station in bedfordshire .

By the early 1950s the binder had been rendered out of date by the combine harvester , which cut the crop and separated out the grain in one operation .
by the early 1950s the binder had been rendered out of date by the combine harvester , which cut the crop and separated out the grain in one [use] .

He 's been told an operation will help him but says it 's only on condition he gives up smoking for six months .
he 's been told an [use] will help him but says it 's only on condition he gives up smoking for six months .

Two people have been charged with firearms offences after a police operation to smash a gun ring .
two people have been charged with firearms offences after a police [use] to smash a gun ring .

Swindon police say they 're pleased with the way they handled the biggest test yet of their football security operation .
swindon police say they 're pleased with the way they handled the biggest test yet of their football security [use] .

He 's said to be recovering well from an eyelid operation and reconstructive surgery on his nose .
he 's said to be recovering well from an eyelid [use] and reconstructive surgery on his nose .

He 's said to be recovering well from an eyelid operation and reconstructive surgery on his nose .
he 's said to be recovering well from an eyelid [use] and reconstructive surgery on his nose .

The aim of Operation Market Garden was to secure a bridgehead at Arnhem , a Dutch town close to the Germnan border .
the aim of [use] market garden was to secure a bridgehead at arnhem , a dutch town close to the germnan border .

But Panzer tanks forced the British onto the defensive , and the operation failed .
but panzer tanks forced the british onto the defensive , and the [use] failed .

All this would have rotted away had the rescue operation not swung into action .
all this would have rotted away had the rescue [use] not swung into action .

Summing up has begun at the High Court in the case of a woman who claims that a routine jaw operation left her paralysed for life .
summing up has begun at the high court in the case of a woman who claims that a routine jaw [use] left her paralysed for life .

Michelle has been paralysed from the chest down for the past 11 years — the result , she claims , of a routine jaw operation she underwent at Poole General Hospital in November 1982 .
michelle has been paralysed from the chest down for the past 11 years — the result , she claims , of a routine jaw [use] she underwent at poole general hospital in november 1982 .

Among them , the suggestion that during surgery her head was n't properly supported , or that a surgical hammer used in the operation was applied with so much force that it damaged her spinal cord .
among them , the suggestion that during surgery her head was n't properly supported , or that a surgical hammer used in the [use] was applied with so much force that it damaged her spinal cord .

Now it 's another operation — they 've got to chop the straw up in many cases , they 've got to plough it in , remove it from the field if it 's for livestock bedding — so it 's a new operation altogether .
now it 's another [use] — they 've got to chop the straw up in many cases , they 've got to plough it in , remove it from the field if it 's for livestock bedding — so it 's a new [use] altogether .

An accidental death verdict has been recorded on a woman who died after she was given the wrong blood during an operation .
an accidental death verdict has been recorded on a woman who died after she was given the wrong blood during an [use] .

Despite the success of the operation , Kelly will always have cystic fibrosis , and she 'll need medical treatment all her life .
despite the success of the [use] , kelly will always have cystic fibrosis , and she 'll need medical treatment all her life .

Lift off for Operation Cheshire .
lift off for [use] cheshire .

The first stage of the British operation , codenamed Cheshire , left on schedule and arrived in Zagreb this afternoon .
the first stage of the british [use] , codenamed cheshire , left on schedule and arrived in zagreb this afternoon .

Four thousand troops and airmen are taking part in Operation Roaring Lion this weekend .
four thousand troops and airmen are taking part in [use] roaring lion this weekend .

Operation Roaring Lion was launched from a former airbase , to practice evacuating civilians from war zones .
[use] roaring lion was launched from a former airbase , to practice evacuating civilians from war zones .

For the purposes of Operation Roaring Lion — it 's Hampshire and Wiltshire .
for the purposes of [use] roaring lion — it 's hampshire and wiltshire .

When you have a sex change operation in the eyes of the law you stay the sex you were born . The law relating to marriage and sexual harrassment for example says you retain the sex you were born
when you have a sex change [use] in the eyes of the law you stay the sex you were born . the law relating to marriage and sexual harrassment for example says you retain the sex you were born

Operation Roaring Lion was launched from a former airbase , to practice evacuating civilians from war zones .
[use] roaring lion was launched from a former airbase , to practice evacuating civilians from war zones .

For the purposes of Operation Roaring Lion — it 's Hampshire and Wiltshire .
for the purposes of [use] roaring lion — it 's hampshire and wiltshire .

She 's already undergone an operation to have shrapnel removed from her back .
she 's already undergone an [use] to have shrapnel removed from her back .

The doctors and nurses who brought the sick and wounded back to Britain have dismissed claims that the whole operation was a public relations exercise .
the doctors and nurses who brought the sick and wounded back to britain have dismissed claims that the whole [use] was a public relations exercise .

Some critics of the operation have remarked that many of the evacuues , though wounded , were not in a critical condition .
some critics of the [use] have remarked that many of the evacuues , though wounded , were not in a critical condition .

Mr James … who 's almost blind … had an emergency operation for two broken legs and internal injuries … He 'd lived in thestreet for thirty two years … and worked as a scout or college servant at Trinity College .
mr james … who 's almost blind … had an emergency [use] for two broken legs and internal injuries … he 'd lived in thestreet for thirty two years … and worked as a scout or college servant at trinity college .

For the past few months Police have been mounting a major operation to crackdown on joy riders … its the type of accident they 'd always feared .
for the past few months police have been mounting a major [use] to crackdown on joy riders … its the type of accident they 'd always feared .

Three or four times a night on an estate in Oxford … so called joy riders would put on displays in high powered stolen cars … three months ago after a number of the Littlemore estate … Police launched Operation Overdrive …
three or four times a night on an estate in oxford … so called joy riders would put on displays in high powered stolen cars … three months ago after a number of the littlemore estate … police launched [use] overdrive …

Ninety four people were arrested some as young as fifteen in the first month … But the operation , involved keeping thirty officers on standby , , including undercover officers and traffic patrols , was expensive … thirty thousand has been spent in overtime alone … so the operation was scaled down … again the displays started … again the Police moved in … They have been successful … the crime rate in the city is down by five hundred offences a month … there are only one or two displays now a week … but they do still happen .
ninety four people were arrested some as young as fifteen in the first month … but the [use] , involved keeping thirty officers on standby , , including undercover officers and traffic patrols , was expensive … thirty thousand has been spent in overtime alone … so the [use] was scaled down … again the displays started … again the police moved in … they have been successful … the crime rate in the city is down by five hundred offences a month … there are only one or two displays now a week … but they do still happen .

Less than twenty-four hours after a bomb caused havoc at Newtownards in Northern Ireland , police foiled a major terrorist operation in Armagh following a high-speed car chase .
less than twenty-four hours after a bomb caused havoc at newtownards in northern ireland , police foiled a major terrorist [use] in armagh following a high-speed car chase .

But much will now depend on the persuasive skills of Sir John Cuckney who 's leading the recovery operation .
but much will now depend on the persuasive skills of sir john cuckney who 's leading the recovery [use] .

Thirty police officers took part in the operation .
thirty police officers took part in the [use] .

Pauline Leyshon has been told her latest skin graft operation is imminent .
pauline leyshon has been told her latest skin graft [use] is imminent .

He says he was the victim of medical negligence twenty five years ago at Oxford 's Radcliffe Infirmay when an unecessary operation is said to have left him severely disabled .
he says he was the victim of medical negligence twenty five years ago at oxford 's radcliffe infirmay when an unecessary [use] is said to have left him severely disabled .

Operation Market Garden was the Allies attempt to secure the bridgehead behind German lines , as the enemy pushed towards the Rhine .
[use] market garden was the allies attempt to secure the bridgehead behind german lines , as the enemy pushed towards the rhine .

An operation that could have ended the War early , failed .
an [use] that could have ended the war early , failed .

He was 25 , and a defence platoon corporal , during the ill-fated operation , but full of confidence now …
he was 25 , and a defence platoon corporal , during the ill-fated [use] , but full of confidence now …

In a statement the department of transport says : ’ It 's a complex repair operation , but engineers are working round the clock and hope to have the bridge at least partially opened by early April , providing they do n't encounter any major problems . ’
in a statement the department of transport says : ’ it 's a complex repair [use] , but engineers are working round the clock and hope to have the bridge at least partially opened by early april , providing they do n't encounter any major problems . ’

One small step for the able bodied , but an impossible barrier for Rosina Palmer , confined to a wheelchair at her home at Coleford in Gloucestershire , since an operation last year .
one small step for the able bodied , but an impossible barrier for rosina palmer , confined to a wheelchair at her home at coleford in gloucestershire , since an [use] last year .

It 's a modern purpose built , very low key operation .
it 's a modern purpose built , very low key [use] .

And if the consultant decides an operation is required , as routine patients , they could face another wait of up to a further 2 years .
and if the consultant decides an [use] is required , as routine patients , they could face another wait of up to a further 2 years .

But the operation lasted less time than thought and generated large savings for Nuclear Electric .
but the [use] lasted less time than thought and generated large savings for nuclear electric .

The League Against Cruel Sports set up an undercover operation which it says proves that some hunts make up to twenty thousand pounds a year without paying tax.Huntsmen say the League is resorting to desperation tactics .
the league against cruel sports set up an undercover [use] which it says proves that some hunts make up to twenty thousand pounds a year without paying tax.huntsmen say the league is resorting to desperation tactics .

For many veterans of Operation Chariot , this was their first sight of the model on which the raid was planned .
for many veterans of [use] chariot , this was their first sight of the model on which the raid was planned .

The scale of this operation is such that the rehearsal alone will cost more than half a million pounds in fuel .
the scale of this [use] is such that the rehearsal alone will cost more than half a million pounds in fuel .

Food and medical supplies against an efficient and smooth running operation .
food and medical supplies against an efficient and smooth running [use] .

Codenamed Operation Blackthorn , county workmen , backed up by police , sealed off hundreds of acres of farmland at Hillersland at the Forest of Dean in Gloucestershire .
codenamed [use] blackthorn , county workmen , backed up by police , sealed off hundreds of acres of farmland at hillersland at the forest of dean in gloucestershire .

An inquest jury has returned a verdict of accidental death on an eighty three year old woman given the wrong blood after an operation .
an inquest jury has returned a verdict of accidental death on an eighty three year old woman given the wrong blood after an [use] .

Now her family are gambling on yet another operation , this time with her father , David as the donor .
now her family are gambling on yet another [use] , this time with her father , david as the donor .

If not for the operation it would only be a matter of months before she had to go on Dialysis .
if not for the [use] it would only be a matter of months before she had to go on dialysis .

She said ; What kind of operation are you mounting ?
she said ; what kind of [use] are you mounting ?

Craig has already undergone one operation to repair his shattered liver , but it seems there may be complications and he could undergoe further surgery .
craig has already undergone one [use] to repair his shattered liver , but it seems there may be complications and he could undergoe further surgery .

Tonight Rebekah Ashford should be in hospital in London preparing for an operation to give her a new lease of life .
tonight rebekah ashford should be in hospital in london preparing for an [use] to give her a new lease of life .

The police say a special operation against crime seems to be paying off .
the police say a special [use] against crime seems to be paying off .

Operation Gemini was set up as a high profile battle against criminals .
[use] gemini was set up as a high profile battle against criminals .

But much of Operation Gemini is about surveilance , observing known criminals and waiting for the right time to move in and make arrests , of which there have been more than a hundred and twenty since the operation started four weeks ago .
but much of [use] gemini is about surveilance , observing known criminals and waiting for the right time to move in and make arrests , of which there have been more than a hundred and twenty since the [use] started four weeks ago .

It might look hi-tech , but very soon Central will be operating new equipment which will speed-up the operation even more .
it might look hi-tech , but very soon central will be operating new equipment which will speed-up the [use] even more .

After a year of further research , planning , test transmissions and consultation with concerned groups , the service is now going into operation on the main edition of Central News .
after a year of further research , planning , test transmissions and consultation with concerned groups , the service is now going into [use] on the main edition of central news .

The owners of a department store which was evacuated because of a bomb scare have criticised the police operation .
the owners of a department store which was evacuated because of a bomb scare have criticised the police [use] .

Animal experts from the world 's biggest wildlife hospital are to join the Shetland oil disaster rescue operation .
animal experts from the world 's biggest wildlife hospital are to join the shetland oil disaster rescue [use] .

The operation follows an armed robbery at a village post post office near Reading and a 2 and a half hour police chase during which an inspector was shot at .
the [use] follows an armed robbery at a village post post office near reading and a 2 and a half hour police chase during which an inspector was shot at .

Chief Supt David Lindley : it was a planned operation , a crackdown on known drug dealing
chief supt david lindley : it was a planned [use] , a crackdown on known drug dealing

It 's been a joint operation between the Thames Valley force and British Transport police .
it 's been a joint [use] between the thames valley force and british transport police .

Police had staked out the site in a plan code-named Operation Yogurt .
police had staked out the site in a plan code-named [use] yogurt .

Many condemned the police operation .
many condemned the police [use] .

This afternoon workmen were continuing with the clear up operation in and around the burnt out hangar .
this afternoon workmen were continuing with the clear up [use] in and around the burnt out hangar .

Experts from the world 's biggest animal hospital have joined the rescue operation for wildlife caught in the Shetlands oil slick .
experts from the world 's biggest animal hospital have joined the rescue [use] for wildlife caught in the shetlands oil slick .

They made 11 arrests for drug possession , in an operation which the travellers described as heavy-handed and unreasonable .
they made 11 arrests for drug possession , in an [use] which the travellers described as heavy-handed and unreasonable .

Ambulance chiefs are warning that some accident victims will die if the funds are n't found to keep an air ambulance in operation .
ambulance chiefs are warning that some accident victims will die if the funds are n't found to keep an air ambulance in [use] .

The operation comes a day before an all-night pay party which , police say , will be allowed to go ahead .
the [use] comes a day before an all-night pay party which , police say , will be allowed to go ahead .

The total value may only come to around £2,000 ; small by recent standards , but the police say the operation was a success .
the total value may only come to around £2,000 ; small by recent standards , but the police say the [use] was a success .

Ten fighter jets from Upper Heyford have left the base for the last time , as the American operation there begins to wind down .
ten fighter jets from upper heyford have left the base for the last time , as the american [use] there begins to wind down .

He and his family say the second operation was unnecessary , and the hospital , the Radcliffe Infirmary in Oxford , was negligent ; a claim Oxfordshire Health Authority deny .
he and his family say the second [use] was unnecessary , and the hospital , the radcliffe infirmary in oxford , was negligent ; a claim oxfordshire health authority deny .

The operation left Keith profoundly disabled , he 's deaf , he walks with difficulty and suffers double vision .
the [use] left keith profoundly disabled , he 's deaf , he walks with difficulty and suffers double vision .

Legal claims for medical injury must normally be filed within three years , but the High Court has made the unusual decision that Keith can sue for damages , 25 years after his operation .
legal claims for medical injury must normally be filed within three years , but the high court has made the unusual decision that keith can sue for damages , 25 years after his [use] .

The precise address is being witheld until the operation is complete .
the precise address is being witheld until the [use] is complete .

In a separate operation trading standards officers have seized counterfiet and pirate childrens videos .
in a separate [use] trading standards officers have seized counterfiet and pirate childrens videos .

One patient has been told he ca n't have his knee operation , because his local hospital does n't have the cash even though the hospital continues to treat patients from another county .
one patient has been told he ca n't have his knee [use] , because his local hospital does n't have the cash even though the hospital continues to treat patients from another county .

That did n't impress John Jones from Risbury in Herefordshire , who 's waiting for an operation on his knees .
that did n't impress john jones from risbury in herefordshire , who 's waiting for an [use] on his knees .

The police operation in Cheltenham followed allegations of interference with witnesses and tampering with evidence in a forthcoming trial .
the police [use] in cheltenham followed allegations of interference with witnesses and tampering with evidence in a forthcoming trial .

It was hoped that a small part of those works could stay in operation , renovating locomotives and rolling stock and that eventually a heritage museum could be set up on the site .
it was hoped that a small part of those works could stay in [use] , renovating locomotives and rolling stock and that eventually a heritage museum could be set up on the site .

Surgeons the Great Ormond Street children 's hospital in Lonmdon carried out the operation overnight .
surgeons the great ormond street children 's hospital in lonmdon carried out the [use] overnight .

For more than 2 years , Richard Goodsell , from Henley , has been waiting for an operation on an arthritic finger .
for more than 2 years , richard goodsell , from henley , has been waiting for an [use] on an arthritic finger .

He says he 's been in terrible pain and he 's glad the operation is going ahead .
he says he 's been in terrible pain and he 's glad the [use] is going ahead .

She was very woprried to begin with because she did n't knowe the language and no one was sure how ill Adisa was . But in the endshe was pleased no operation was needed
she was very woprried to begin with because she did n't knowe the language and no one was sure how ill adisa was . but in the endshe was pleased no [use] was needed

She was very woprried to begin with because she did n't knowe the language and no one was sure how ill Adisa was . But in the endshe was pleased no operation was needed
she was very woprried to begin with because she did n't knowe the language and no one was sure how ill adisa was . but in the endshe was pleased no [use] was needed

The coastguard joined police and ambulancemen in the rescue operation .
the coastguard joined police and ambulancemen in the rescue [use] .

Local people , who never wanted the event to be held are angry that they could end up paying for the three-day police operation .
local people , who never wanted the event to be held are angry that they could end up paying for the three-day police [use] .

Warwickshire police refused to discuss their policing operation today .
warwickshire police refused to discuss their policing [use] today .

The hospital has always maintained that her paralysis was caused by a rare condition which had nothing to do with the operation .
the hospital has always maintained that her paralysis was caused by a rare condition which had nothing to do with the [use] .

She became paralysed at sixteen , the day after undergoing a routine operation on her jaw at Poole General Hospital .
she became paralysed at sixteen , the day after undergoing a routine [use] on her jaw at poole general hospital .

Refuelling from a Hercules tanker in mid air was a vital operation .
refuelling from a hercules tanker in mid air was a vital [use] .

Azra needs the operation .
azra needs the [use] .

It 's a serious operation but she 's recovering well .
it 's a serious [use] but she 's recovering well .

It was the first to use F1-11s , flying combat missions into Iraq from a base in Turkey during Operation Desert Storm in the Gulf War in 1991 .
it was the first to use f1-11s , flying combat missions into iraq from a base in turkey during [use] desert storm in the gulf war in 1991 .

The Prime Minister has praised the police operation which stopped travellers from holding a bank holiday festival in the Cotswolds .
the prime minister has praised the police [use] which stopped travellers from holding a bank holiday festival in the cotswolds .

The police say the operation , costing some two hundred thousand pounds , stretched their resources to the limit .
the police say the [use] , costing some two hundred thousand pounds , stretched their resources to the limit .

Three hundred officers took part in operation haystack .
three hundred officers took part in [use] haystack .

As the convoys began to mass on friday police from six counties joined forces in a combined operation — devised after what was regarded by many as the fiasco at Castlemorton last year .
as the convoys began to mass on friday police from six counties joined forces in a combined [use] — devised after what was regarded by many as the fiasco at castlemorton last year .

She had a heart operation just 3 days after she 'd been born .
she had a heart [use] just 3 days after she 'd been born .

There are risks because of the operation and also the size of the child and the time we have to do it , so soon after birth .
there are risks because of the [use] and also the size of the child and the time we have to do it , so soon after birth .

Poor vulval conformation may benefit from Caslick 's operation ; a minor operation performed under local anaesthetic which lessens the chances of infection , and improves the chances of conception .
poor vulval conformation may benefit from caslick 's [use] ; a minor [use] performed under local anaesthetic which lessens the chances of infection , and improves the chances of conception .

In serious cases he also performed an operation called superior check ligament desmotomy , which involves cutting the superior check ligament just above the back of the knee , which has the effect of reducing loading on the superficial flexor tendon .
in serious cases he also performed an [use] called superior check ligament desmotomy , which involves cutting the superior check ligament just above the back of the knee , which has the effect of reducing loading on the superficial flexor tendon .

we 've got four phones in our house in operation
we 've got four phones in our house in [use]

Anyway , that should , should have the bathroom in operation .
anyway , that should , should have the bathroom in [use] .

All it 's side had been shaved as if it had been an o had an operation .
all it 's side had been shaved as if it had been an o had an [use] .

It has had an operation you know .
it has had an [use] you know .

You wan na destroy er Operation Lizard .
you wan na destroy er [use] lizard .

Not for the sort , not for the sort of operation you 're looking at no .
not for the sort , not for the sort of [use] you 're looking at no .

To set up that sort of operation twenty four hours trucks rolling in and out , you 've got to be on an industrial estate
to set up that sort of [use] twenty four hours trucks rolling in and out , you 've got to be on an industrial estate

It must be an operation or
it must be an [use] or

Oh eh , just to staple have a another operation lost twelve stone , god it 's like having , losing another person is n't it ?
oh eh , just to staple have a another [use] lost twelve stone , god it 's like having , losing another person is n't it ?

do this operation if , if erm there
do this [use] if , if erm there

and this is an operation to actually to have this inserted ?
and this is an [use] to actually to have this inserted ?

And then she had to have the operation to get her hip fixed
and then she had to have the [use] to get her hip fixed

Yeah granddad he had er an operation on his , he had it all fucking lamp-shade , light bulb , he 's gone
yeah granddad he had er an [use] on his , he had it all fucking lamp-shade , light bulb , he 's gone

Operation .
[use] .

Wendy , and , but he 's certainly had an operation for the correction of a squint when he was about six .
wendy , and , but he 's certainly had an [use] for the correction of a squint when he was about six .

and then of course erm because , because she just had the operation you see they did n't think it was advisable
and then of course erm because , because she just had the [use] you see they did n't think it was advisable

Because she just had the operation
because she just had the [use]

There 's six but it 's u you ca n't help that can you ? An emergency operation coming up .
there 's six but it 's u you ca n't help that can you ? an emergency [use] coming up .

Cos Marie 's going in hospital having her operation .
cos marie 's going in hospital having her [use] .

And this afternoon , do n't know whether to have an exploratory operation on knee in Huntingdon
and this afternoon , do n't know whether to have an exploratory [use] on knee in huntingdon

almost the now in operation .
almost the now in [use] .

Well his 'll be a thousand pound for the operation , being a major operation , it will be the fact that it 's skull .
well his 'll be a thousand pound for the [use] , being a major [use] , it will be the fact that it 's skull .

Well Mr was over a thousand pound for the gall bladder operation
well mr was over a thousand pound for the gall bladder [use]

Danny could have had his operation three years ago !
danny could have had his [use] three years ago !

Rosemary who had a caesarian operation just four months earlier , said she did not touch Carssier She told the tribunal , just look at me !
rosemary who had a caesarian [use] just four months earlier , said she did not touch carssier she told the tribunal , just look at me !

She 's comfy for life now , she can afford a operation on her hip .
she 's comfy for life now , she can afford a [use] on her hip .

But there 's one called operation fuck up .
but there 's one called [use] fuck up .

Why , why do they say , that for the election it will take them three or four years to put , whatever they promise into operation ?
why , why do they say , that for the election it will take them three or four years to put , whatever they promise into [use] ?

He 's had an operation .
he 's had an [use] .

He 'd a , he had some sort of operation or something , it 's not , but at Debbie 's wedding , Andrew were n't there because he some operation on his jaw or something that , ca n't remember now what it , what he 'd had done were having his jaw bone
he 'd a , he had some sort of [use] or something , it 's not , but at debbie 's wedding , andrew were n't there because he some [use] on his jaw or something that , ca n't remember now what it , what he 'd had done were having his jaw bone

operation .
[use] .

Yeah . Did the operation
yeah . did the [use]

Quite a major operation .
quite a major [use] .

and he convinced them he did n't need an operation , he was , he was cured , he 'd had his treatment , psy psychiatrist that seen him and he was all right thank you , he said , and they 're so clever they can convince anybody on the outside
and he convinced them he did n't need an [use] , he was , he was cured , he 'd had his treatment , psy psychiatrist that seen him and he was all right thank you , he said , and they 're so clever they can convince anybody on the outside

Of course you must of emptied his lower bowel , when she did the operation
of course you must of emptied his lower bowel , when she did the [use]

Yeah , he knew we were there , he was responding and erm , he said er , he 's responding well to the operation and then on the Tuesday he went bright yellow and of course mum noticed it
yeah , he knew we were there , he was responding and erm , he said er , he 's responding well to the [use] and then on the tuesday he went bright yellow and of course mum noticed it

this was on , in the morning , in the afternoon they said his leg would deteriorate , they 've got to take the whole leg off so he said we 'll give it another go and see what happens , course by this time he said the operation has n't
this was on , in the morning , in the afternoon they said his leg would deteriorate , they 've got to take the whole leg off so he said we 'll give it another go and see what happens , course by this time he said the [use] has n't

to operation .
to [use] .

Well if she has a hip replacement operation she 'll be all right .
well if she has a hip replacement [use] she 'll be all right .

who 've had that little , little operation like that
who 've had that little , little [use] like that

but a more intricate type of operation , where you 've got to be in for a day , they 're not
but a more intricate type of [use] , where you 've got to be in for a day , they 're not

No , operation .
no , [use] .

These redundancies are necessary if we are to maintain the business and carry on trading as a viable operation , ’ he said .
these redundancies are necessary if we are to maintain the business and carry on trading as a viable [use] , ’ he said .

We are now going through real detective work , ’ Mr Brown said at a press conference before briefing the officers involved in last night 's operation .
we are now going through real detective work , ’ mr brown said at a press conference before briefing the officers involved in last night 's [use] .

We are now going through real detective work , ’ Mr Brown said before briefing the officers involved in last night 's operation .
we are now going through real detective work , ’ mr brown said before briefing the officers involved in last night 's [use] .

With the Paisley MPs Irene Adams and Gordon McMaster , Mr McFall was lending his support to Operation Blade , an initiative by Strathclyde Police to clamp down on knife crime .
with the paisley mps irene adams and gordon mcmaster , mr mcfall was lending his support to [use] blade , an initiative by strathclyde police to clamp down on knife crime .

Since Operation Blade 's month-long knife amnesty began 11 days ago , more than 1,500 sharp weapons have been surrendered at 70 stations throughout the region .
since [use] blade 's month-long knife amnesty began 11 days ago , more than 1,500 sharp weapons have been surrendered at 70 stations throughout the region .

Last autumn police stopped and searched people for offensive weapons as part of an initiative called Operation Dove , designed to crack down on drugs and violence in the Paisley area .
last autumn police stopped and searched people for offensive weapons as part of an initiative called [use] dove , designed to crack down on drugs and violence in the paisley area .

Last night , Mr McNeilage 's father , Alan , said : ‘ There has been a lot of fighting in the area , and one of the officials of the fund which finances the operation phoned on Wednesday and told my wife about the problems .
last night , mr mcneilage 's father , alan , said : ‘ there has been a lot of fighting in the area , and one of the officials of the fund which finances the [use] phoned on wednesday and told my wife about the problems .

Operation Blade ‘ more than a knife amnesty ’
[use] blade ‘ more than a knife amnesty ’

Other forces have dismissed the operation , part of a crackdown entitled Operation Blade , as a public relations exercise that was failing to tackle spiralling knife crime and said they had no plans to introduce similar schemes .
other forces have dismissed the [use] , part of a crackdown entitled [use] blade , as a public relations exercise that was failing to tackle spiralling knife crime and said they had no plans to introduce similar schemes .

Operation Blade was introduced to combat the rising incidence of crime involving blades .
[use] blade was introduced to combat the rising incidence of crime involving blades .

‘ There is more to Operation Blade than simply an amnesty .
‘ there is more to [use] blade than simply an amnesty .

The long-term strategy to combat knife crimes through schemes like Operation Blade is to achieve a change in the law .
the long-term strategy to combat knife crimes through schemes like [use] blade is to achieve a change in the law .

Local residents fear that shock waves from any blasting operation could disturb old mineshaft workings in the area , which has a history of subsidence problems .
local residents fear that shock waves from any blasting [use] could disturb old mineshaft workings in the area , which has a history of subsidence problems .

He said an operation was carried out on his colon in April 1991 and therapy was continuing after cancer elements were identified in his liver .
he said an [use] was carried out on his colon in april 1991 and therapy was continuing after cancer elements were identified in his liver .

The Sheldon murder , along with the Operation Blade knife amnesty in Strathclyde , has again made knife-related crime a high profile issue .
the sheldon murder , along with the [use] blade knife amnesty in strathclyde , has again made knife-related crime a high profile issue .

As it turned out my sperm count was too low for them to store any , because of my operation and the treatment .
as it turned out my sperm count was too low for them to store any , because of my [use] and the treatment .

Sandy Seymour was among drivers , managers and police officers helping to publicise the latest aspect of Operation Blade , the campaign by Strathclyde Police to clamp down on knife crime .
sandy seymour was among drivers , managers and police officers helping to publicise the latest aspect of [use] blade , the campaign by strathclyde police to clamp down on knife crime .

Police hope the bus advertising campaign will help heighten public awareness of Operation Blade .
police hope the bus advertising campaign will help heighten public awareness of [use] blade .

Mr McIntosh was largely responsible for marshalling and co-ordinating the various local authority departments involved in the huge recovery operation after the disaster .
mr mcintosh was largely responsible for marshalling and co-ordinating the various local authority departments involved in the huge recovery [use] after the disaster .

Supt Max Wallace , the officer heading the police operation , said no attempt would be made to end the siege by force and that the police were prepared to sit it our for days if necessary .
supt max wallace , the officer heading the police [use] , said no attempt would be made to end the siege by force and that the police were prepared to sit it our for days if necessary .

She says she was only a courier in an operation organised by Lock .
she says she was only a courier in an [use] organised by lock .

During a meeting , the workforce was told the Government would not put any money into the campaign to save the British operation of Leyland-DAF .
during a meeting , the workforce was told the government would not put any money into the campaign to save the british [use] of leyland-daf .

Long-term finance for new Daf operation in balance
long-term finance for new daf [use] in balance

He was recaptured a few days later in Liverpool in an operation involving more than 60 police officers and a helicopter .
he was recaptured a few days later in liverpool in an [use] involving more than 60 police officers and a helicopter .

The statement said Ms Diamond was relinquishing her post ‘ because of mutual concerns about the operation and direction of the museum and gallery .
the statement said ms diamond was relinquishing her post ‘ because of mutual concerns about the [use] and direction of the museum and gallery .

Under working practices at the time , junctions so approved could be put into full operation before final safety checks were carried out by the inspectorate .
under working practices at the time , junctions so approved could be put into full [use] before final safety checks were carried out by the inspectorate .

He said that the attack underlined the need for the public to co-operate with police in the current Operation Blade campaign .
he said that the attack underlined the need for the public to co-operate with police in the current [use] blade campaign .

‘ We 're putting our operation here in mothballs , ’ he said .
‘ we 're putting our [use] here in mothballs , ’ he said .

Meanwhile the United States said it was studying the possibility of parachuting relief supplies to civilians in Bosnia , though it emphasised that such an operation might not be successful in the rugged country .
meanwhile the united states said it was studying the possibility of parachuting relief supplies to civilians in bosnia , though it emphasised that such an [use] might not be successful in the rugged country .

‘ We 're putting our operation here in mothballs , ’ he said .
‘ we 're putting our [use] here in mothballs , ’ he said .

‘ It was contended that a cover-up operation had been organised by the police to suppress the truth and to use Kennedy as a scapegoat , ’ Lord Taylor said .
‘ it was contended that a cover-up [use] had been organised by the police to suppress the truth and to use kennedy as a scapegoat , ’ lord taylor said .

Digital has run down sections of its operation in Ireland over the last few years , including the closure of a plant a Clonmel with the loss of 350 jobs .
digital has run down sections of its [use] in ireland over the last few years , including the closure of a plant a clonmel with the loss of 350 jobs .

The six-and-a-half-hour evacuation operation , the biggest ever seen in the North Sea , involved 14 Puma helicopters making 23 flights .
the six-and-a-half-hour evacuation [use] , the biggest ever seen in the north sea , involved 14 puma helicopters making 23 flights .

Pioneering operation gives baby new hope
pioneering [use] gives baby new hope

In the transplant operation , doctors in London will extract some of her bone marrow and take it to the Netherlands .
in the transplant [use] , doctors in london will extract some of her bone marrow and take it to the netherlands .

Carly 's parents are praying that the operation will succeed .
carly 's parents are praying that the [use] will succeed .

The aptly named Operation Klondike two years ago saw several Scots , including two Ullapool men , imprisoned for their part in bringing £100 million of cocaine into the country .
the aptly named [use] klondike two years ago saw several scots , including two ullapool men , imprisoned for their part in bringing £100 million of cocaine into the country .

Customs units throughout the north were involved all weekend in a patrol , interception and monitoring exercise called Operation Awake .
customs units throughout the north were involved all weekend in a patrol , interception and monitoring exercise called [use] awake .

MacGregor did not agree but he was prepared to consider ‘ the possibilities of enabling franchisers to take on more ’ , such as maintenance depots , control of stations and some involvement in the track operation .
macgregor did not agree but he was prepared to consider ‘ the possibilities of enabling franchisers to take on more ’ , such as maintenance depots , control of stations and some involvement in the track [use] .

As Strathclyde 's Operation Blade entered its third week , the force announced that its police stations have received 3,152 bladed weapons under the month-long amnesty ending on 1 March .
as strathclyde 's [use] blade entered its third week , the force announced that its police stations have received 3,152 bladed weapons under the month-long amnesty ending on 1 march .

The company employs 240 people , mostly at factories in Wick and Perth , though there is also an operation in Oban .
the company employs 240 people , mostly at factories in wick and perth , though there is also an [use] in oban .

The man was questioned by officers working on Operation Mountbatten — the police hunt for the so-called Horse Ripper who has carried out almost 30 attacks over the last 18 months in Hampshire and surrounding counties .
the man was questioned by officers working on [use] mountbatten — the police hunt for the so-called horse ripper who has carried out almost 30 attacks over the last 18 months in hampshire and surrounding counties .

It is believed senior executives of the company in Boston are aware of the strain on Scottish and Irish employees waiting to hear which of the plants will suffer as a result of Digital 's rationalisation of its European manufacturing operation , forced by world-wide recession and changes in the computer industry .
it is believed senior executives of the company in boston are aware of the strain on scottish and irish employees waiting to hear which of the plants will suffer as a result of digital 's rationalisation of its european manufacturing [use] , forced by world-wide recession and changes in the computer industry .

The plea for private sector cash was made yesterday at a seminar organised by Strathclyde Police as part of the Operation Blade crackdown on knife crime , started at the beginning of the month .
the plea for private sector cash was made yesterday at a seminar organised by strathclyde police as part of the [use] blade crackdown on knife crime , started at the beginning of the month .

Oslin Williams , who was severely burned last year in a fire which killed his father at their caravan home , would have died from asphyxiation due to scarring of his windpipe if he had not had the operation , surgeons said .
oslin williams , who was severely burned last year in a fire which killed his father at their caravan home , would have died from asphyxiation due to scarring of his windpipe if he had not had the [use] , surgeons said .

Officials suggest , however , that fighters and monitoring aircraft could be used to protect the operation .
officials suggest , however , that fighters and monitoring aircraft could be used to protect the [use] .

Until today 's new proposals Britain had been cautioning against such an operation because of the dangers to aircrew and the risk of killing or injuring people on the ground .
until today 's new proposals britain had been cautioning against such an [use] because of the dangers to aircrew and the risk of killing or injuring people on the ground .

Britain was today considering a United States request to look at ways of joining an air operation to parachute relief supplies into Bosnia .
britain was today considering a united states request to look at ways of joining an air [use] to parachute relief supplies into bosnia .

But Britain has been cautioning against such an operation because of the dangers to aircrew and the risk of killing or injuring people on the ground .
but britain has been cautioning against such an [use] because of the dangers to aircrew and the risk of killing or injuring people on the ground .

While police in Strathclyde push on with their high-profile weapons amnesty , Operation Blade , the Lothian force has adopted a lower key approach in keeping with the scale of the problem .
while police in strathclyde push on with their high-profile weapons amnesty , [use] blade , the lothian force has adopted a lower key approach in keeping with the scale of the problem .

The depute procurator-fiscal , Sandra McRobert , told the court that the major police operation began after Say phoned a relative and a neighbour , telling them his wife had left him and that he intended to commit suicide .
the depute procurator-fiscal , sandra mcrobert , told the court that the major police [use] began after say phoned a relative and a neighbour , telling them his wife had left him and that he intended to commit suicide .

Company staff will begin moving into Topcliffe in April , assuming full responsibility for the operation from July .
company staff will begin moving into topcliffe in april , assuming full responsibility for the [use] from july .

Provost McDonald said last year BAe had moved the headquarters of its regional jet operation to Prestwick .
provost mcdonald said last year bae had moved the headquarters of its regional jet [use] to prestwick .

‘ These airdrops are being carried out strictly for humanitarian purposes ; no combat aircraft will be used in this operation , ’ he said .
‘ these airdrops are being carried out strictly for humanitarian purposes ; no combat aircraft will be used in this [use] , ’ he said .

Mr Clinton made no mention of any other countries joining in the operation , which he said would be co-ordinated with existing United Nations relief efforts .
mr clinton made no mention of any other countries joining in the [use] , which he said would be co-ordinated with existing united nations relief efforts .

The Prime Minister , John Major , offered support during a visit that ended yesterday but said British troops would continue only their ground operation .
the prime minister , john major , offered support during a visit that ended yesterday but said british troops would continue only their ground [use] .

Experts said that would limit the effectiveness of the operation because of the difficulty in pinpointing airdrops to those in need from high altitudes .
experts said that would limit the effectiveness of the [use] because of the difficulty in pinpointing airdrops to those in need from high altitudes .

Its replacement , the council tax , comes into operation on 1 April and , so far , its birth is looking less painful than that of its predecessor .
its replacement , the council tax , comes into [use] on 1 april and , so far , its birth is looking less painful than that of its predecessor .

Seven months later he was back again for an operation to drain a build-up of fluid on his brain .
seven months later he was back again for an [use] to drain a build-up of fluid on his brain .

Unigate could now replace its existing fruit-juice operation , while the other speciality foods operations held out the prospect of future developments .
unigate could now replace its existing fruit-juice [use] , while the other speciality foods operations held out the prospect of future developments .

The Government 's role was to remove obstacles that prevented the operation of a market economy , to enable the economy to work on a level playing field , to support the private sector but not to supplant it .
the government 's role was to remove obstacles that prevented the [use] of a market economy , to enable the economy to work on a level playing field , to support the private sector but not to supplant it .

The new operation will develop and research new products , design software systems and provide consultancy services for Scottish firms , particularly in the financial services sector .
the new [use] will develop and research new products , design software systems and provide consultancy services for scottish firms , particularly in the financial services sector .

Koreans take on Lothian operation
koreans take on lothian [use]

Mike Coggin , chief executive of the Scottish operation , said yesterday : ‘ Europe has become a significant potential market for leisurewear and sportswear .
mike coggin , chief executive of the scottish [use] , said yesterday : ‘ europe has become a significant potential market for leisurewear and sportswear .

But County Auctions , a big operation with centres at Wooler and Newcastle , was always likely to go it alone .
but county auctions , a big [use] with centres at wooler and newcastle , was always likely to go it alone .

During the boom of the 1980s , they made massive investments in new production , but now that new factories and assembly lines are finally in operation they find the domestic market bogged down in recession , protectionism rising in key export markets and the yen rocketing to historic highs .
during the boom of the 1980s , they made massive investments in new production , but now that new factories and assembly lines are finally in [use] they find the domestic market bogged down in recession , protectionism rising in key export markets and the yen rocketing to historic highs .

Before the offshore operation was officially closed down last week , Scott Lithgow had established a reputation for completing contracts on schedule .
before the offshore [use] was officially closed down last week , scott lithgow had established a reputation for completing contracts on schedule .

Any new operation setting up in the architecturally acclaimed building would have to satisfy strict planning constraints , however .
any new [use] setting up in the architecturally acclaimed building would have to satisfy strict planning constraints , however .

And the three-day week started at Kohlangaz last month will remain in operation .
and the three-day week started at kohlangaz last month will remain in [use] .

In the late 1830s Lister set up his foundry about 400 yards north of the Kitchings , and his operation became known as Whessoe Foundry .
in the late 1830s lister set up his foundry about 400 yards north of the kitchings , and his [use] became known as whessoe foundry .

Mr Anderson said there was a risk of entanglement during operation and the company was required by law to provide covers .
mr anderson said there was a risk of entanglement during [use] and the company was required by law to provide covers .

However , Mr John Hammond , who founded Country Manor fitted furniture with his father 11 years ago , said the manufacturing units on Cockfield industrial estate were being closed to expand the firm 's retailing operation .
however , mr john hammond , who founded country manor fitted furniture with his father 11 years ago , said the manufacturing units on cockfield industrial estate were being closed to expand the firm 's retailing [use] .

But Ken Threlfall , general manager of the county ambulance service , said a duty on-call system , which involves staff responding from home , was in operation on December 22 when the accident took place .
but ken threlfall , general manager of the county ambulance service , said a duty on-call system , which involves staff responding from home , was in [use] on december 22 when the accident took place .

They are part of a nationwide operation which has cost millions of pounds after the disturbances which destroyed hundreds of prison cells .
they are part of a nationwide [use] which has cost millions of pounds after the disturbances which destroyed hundreds of prison cells .

Cells in North Yorkshire have also been used for the operation and there are currently 28 prisoners locked up in the region 's jails .
cells in north yorkshire have also been used for the [use] and there are currently 28 prisoners locked up in the region 's jails .

‘ It is especially high among transsexuals who have had the operation and have then regretted it later , ’ said Mr Rees , who himself spent five months in a psychiatric ward during his teens because of depression .
‘ it is especially high among transsexuals who have had the [use] and have then regretted it later , ’ said mr rees , who himself spent five months in a psychiatric ward during his teens because of depression .

While at the hospital Mr Cook spoke to staff about their fears for the future when the trust comes into operation .
while at the hospital mr cook spoke to staff about their fears for the future when the trust comes into [use] .

Mr Bell said the system of having one ambulance on call at each of the county 's 11 stations after 7pm every night had been in operation for many years .
mr bell said the system of having one ambulance on call at each of the county 's 11 stations after 7pm every night had been in [use] for many years .

Mr Jones , who was accompanied sub-officer James Gibson , said it took ten minutes to complete the rescue operation .
mr jones , who was accompanied sub-officer james gibson , said it took ten minutes to complete the rescue [use] .

Mark , who lives in Reid Street , Darlington , needed all his military training to keep cool during the tricky operation .
mark , who lives in reid street , darlington , needed all his military training to keep cool during the tricky [use] .

The charges were brought during a wide-ranging Merseyside police investigation , codenamed Operation Cheetah .
the charges were brought during a wide-ranging merseyside police investigation , codenamed [use] cheetah .

Rosyth 's victory was being seen in industry circles yesterday as a snub for Devonport in its company 's attempts to discredit the Fife operation .
rosyth 's victory was being seen in industry circles yesterday as a snub for devonport in its company 's attempts to discredit the fife [use] .

In point of fact , Ruscoe 's operation gains little from the initiative .
in point of fact , ruscoe 's [use] gains little from the initiative .

During his one-day trip the prince will meet representatives of all British units serving as part of Operation Grapple , army spokesmen in Croatia said .
during his one-day trip the prince will meet representatives of all british units serving as part of [use] grapple , army spokesmen in croatia said .

The youngster had been taken to hospital , where he had spent two days after an operation .
the youngster had been taken to hospital , where he had spent two days after an [use] .

They died almost five years ago in the undercover operation near Omagh , Co Tyrone .
they died almost five years ago in the undercover [use] near omagh , co tyrone .

Now the operation may only be carried out if a foetus is badly damaged or if a pregnancy threatens a woman 's life or health or is the result of a crime .
now the [use] may only be carried out if a foetus is badly damaged or if a pregnancy threatens a woman 's life or health or is the result of a crime .

But gynaecologists contacted by telephone said they had stopped doing the operation .
but gynaecologists contacted by telephone said they had stopped doing the [use] .

In the turmoil which followed the Budget , it became impossible for ministers to conceal that , once again , the Government was in a muddle , making policy on the hoof around television and radio studios . Was that the faint trill of the first U-turn of spring ? Was it a panic climb-down ? Or was it , in fact a stalling operation masquerading as action ?
in the turmoil which followed the budget , it became impossible for ministers to conceal that , once again , the government was in a muddle , making policy on the hoof around television and radio studios . was that the faint trill of the first u-turn of spring ? was it a panic climb-down ? or was it , in fact a stalling [use] masquerading as action ?

Karen Paterson , the council 's principal planning officer , said that the environmental health department had indicated it was satisfied the opencast operation would not pose a noise or dust nuisance .
karen paterson , the council 's principal planning officer , said that the environmental health department had indicated it was satisfied the opencast [use] would not pose a noise or dust nuisance .

He added that the code addressed just one of the three main causes of tanker pollution , which he listed as poor quality ships , poor quality crews and poor quality operation .
he added that the code addressed just one of the three main causes of tanker pollution , which he listed as poor quality ships , poor quality crews and poor quality [use] .

‘ It essentially deals with major aspects of poor quality of operation .
‘ it essentially deals with major aspects of poor quality of [use] .

Badenoch had been targeted by officers as the main supplier and an enquiry named Operation Moray had begun to try to bring an end to the dealing in ecstasy , Mr Macdonald went on .
badenoch had been targeted by officers as the main supplier and an enquiry named [use] moray had begun to try to bring an end to the dealing in ecstasy , mr macdonald went on .

‘ Badenoch was acting as a wholesaler in the operation . ’
‘ badenoch was acting as a wholesaler in the [use] . ’

Lord MacLean told Badenoch , however : ‘ You were involved in the wholesale operation and effective in securing the introduction of a dangerous drug into the Moray community .
lord maclean told badenoch , however : ‘ you were involved in the wholesale [use] and effective in securing the introduction of a dangerous drug into the moray community .

The paper said the army spy operation first took notice of King in 1947 .
the paper said the army spy [use] first took notice of king in 1947 .

If it fails , a riskier operation will begin on Thursday with about a dozen boats trying to shepherd the animals to safety .
if it fails , a riskier [use] will begin on thursday with about a dozen boats trying to shepherd the animals to safety .

He said the operation would be timed to coincide with the maximum tide speed through the southern entrance , the only channel deep enough for the whales .
he said the [use] would be timed to coincide with the maximum tide speed through the southern entrance , the only channel deep enough for the whales .

In just two hours of operation , more than £3,000 of business had been done .
in just two hours of [use] , more than £3,000 of business had been done .

His sister , Moira Coles , 34 , of Mapperley , Nottingham , admitted her part in the conspiracy but was said to be a small cog in the operation .
his sister , moira coles , 34 , of mapperley , nottingham , admitted her part in the conspiracy but was said to be a small cog in the [use] .

They intended to canoe the three miles to Charmouth but it was up to four hours after they were due to arrive that a huge rescue operation was mounted .
they intended to canoe the three miles to charmouth but it was up to four hours after they were due to arrive that a huge rescue [use] was mounted .

Lord Fraser said : ‘ This is the first systematic research for a number of years on the operation of the hearings system .
lord fraser said : ‘ this is the first systematic research for a number of years on the [use] of the hearings system .

Brig Cordy-Simpson said the airlift was being initiated on the basis of an agreement in principle for such an operation given by the leader of the Bosnian Serbs , Radovan Karadzic , in New York on Sunday .
brig cordy-simpson said the airlift was being initiated on the basis of an agreement in principle for such an [use] given by the leader of the bosnian serbs , radovan karadzic , in new york on sunday .

Two of the three British Sea Kings assigned to the operation then returned to Srebrenica with the sole objective of rescuing the Canadians , coming under renewed Serb fire as they did so .
two of the three british sea kings assigned to the [use] then returned to srebrenica with the sole objective of rescuing the canadians , coming under renewed serb fire as they did so .

The senior pilot in the operation , Lt Cmdr George Wallace , told how a ground fired missile passed within 1,000 yards of one of the Sea Kings as they approached Srebrenica .
the senior pilot in the [use] , lt cmdr george wallace , told how a ground fired missile passed within 1,000 yards of one of the sea kings as they approached srebrenica .

Mrs Maginnis said : ‘ We do n't have patients running hospitals and we do n't have neighbours living in the vicinity going in and testing that intestines have been put back properly by the surgeon carrying out the operation .
mrs maginnis said : ‘ we do n't have patients running hospitals and we do n't have neighbours living in the vicinity going in and testing that intestines have been put back properly by the surgeon carrying out the [use] .

Trapped whales of Scapa Flow heading for the open sea again David Hartley records the successful end of Operation Gentle Shepherd
trapped whales of scapa flow heading for the open sea again david hartley records the successful end of [use] gentle shepherd

When Operation Gentle Shepherd swung into action for the second time , five of the six sperm whales were coaxed by 14 rescue vessels between the islands of Swona and South Ronaldsay and were heading for the Pentland Firth when they dived beneath the waves .
when [use] gentle shepherd swung into action for the second time , five of the six sperm whales were coaxed by 14 rescue vessels between the islands of swona and south ronaldsay and were heading for the pentland firth when they dived beneath the waves .

Sir Hector Monro , Scottish Office environment minister , sent congratulations to everyone involved in the operation .
sir hector monro , scottish office environment minister , sent congratulations to everyone involved in the [use] .

In a report published yesterday , he points out that the Government anticipated that the introduction of the council tax , which comes into operation on 1 April , would substantially reduce the costs of administering and collecting local taxation , possibly by as much as 60 per cent .
in a report published yesterday , he points out that the government anticipated that the introduction of the council tax , which comes into [use] on 1 april , would substantially reduce the costs of administering and collecting local taxation , possibly by as much as 60 per cent .

He believed that the Scottish Secretary 's estimates were probably based on the operation of the system once it had bedded down rather than looking at initial assumptions .
he believed that the scottish secretary 's estimates were probably based on the [use] of the system once it had bedded down rather than looking at initial assumptions .

One of the less well-known consequences was that , when the companies who wrote unit-linked business wished to introduce personal pensions , they found that their natural mode of operation led them to return on death the fund which had built up for the policyholder , rather than any specific guaranteed rate of return .
one of the less well-known consequences was that , when the companies who wrote unit-linked business wished to introduce personal pensions , they found that their natural mode of [use] led them to return on death the fund which had built up for the policyholder , rather than any specific guaranteed rate of return .

The business , which has seen a remarkable change in its fortunes since Henk van Eck , a Dutch executive , rescued the ailing operation in 1985 and subsequently installed an ambitious management team , now has an impressive 20 per cent share of the Scottish market .
the business , which has seen a remarkable change in its fortunes since henk van eck , a dutch executive , rescued the ailing [use] in 1985 and subsequently installed an ambitious management team , now has an impressive 20 per cent share of the scottish market .

The vehicle retailing operation , Glenvarigill , is to be retained .
the vehicle retailing [use] , glenvarigill , is to be retained .

Doubts have continually dogged the potential deal between the bank — set up in the capital over two years ago with £26 million of institutional backing as a building society acquisition operation — and the Heart of England with which it has been talking for almost two years .
doubts have continually dogged the potential deal between the bank — set up in the capital over two years ago with £26 million of institutional backing as a building society acquisition [use] — and the heart of england with which it has been talking for almost two years .

The home-delivery operation — Argos Direct — also saw good sales growth for an increased range of products .
the home-delivery [use] — argos direct — also saw good sales growth for an increased range of products .

Thatcham is funded by the insurance industry as a specialist operation which researches and measures how long all repair jobs should take , something of which most consumers will be unaware .
thatcham is funded by the insurance industry as a specialist [use] which researches and measures how long all repair jobs should take , something of which most consumers will be unaware .

Within two years the Cupar operation had doubled in size .
within two years the cupar [use] had doubled in size .

In the intervening years the group adapted and grew , introducing the idea of a sales operation to liaise with the major insurers who now comprise such a crucial part of Heggie 's industry .
in the intervening years the group adapted and grew , introducing the idea of a sales [use] to liaise with the major insurers who now comprise such a crucial part of heggie 's industry .

The ambitious initiative has a target of 36 businesses still in operation three years after start-up , each with a minimum turnover of £1 million , and at least one third of total output exported .
the ambitious initiative has a target of 36 businesses still in [use] three years after start-up , each with a minimum turnover of £1 million , and at least one third of total output exported .

The construction work began in May last year and the first operation was to level the site , which had a six-metre fall from north to south .
the construction work began in may last year and the first [use] was to level the site , which had a six-metre fall from north to south .

However , piling operations began almost simultaneously and Alan Muir , construction director of Muir Construction of Inverkeithing , the main contractor , said that though the earth-moving phase at the beginning of the contract went on for four weeks , the piling operation began almost as soon as the firm moved on to the site .
however , piling operations began almost simultaneously and alan muir , construction director of muir construction of inverkeithing , the main contractor , said that though the earth-moving phase at the beginning of the contract went on for four weeks , the piling [use] began almost as soon as the firm moved on to the site .

The Newcastle-based steel fabricator and erector contracted to carry out the steelwork went into receivership early in the operation but fortunately Bone , Connel & Baxters of Motherwell was able to take over at short notice and , says Alan Muir , ‘ did a great job ’ .
the newcastle-based steel fabricator and erector contracted to carry out the steelwork went into receivership early in the [use] but fortunately bone , connel & baxters of motherwell was able to take over at short notice and , says alan muir , ‘ did a great job ’ .

Tulloch Timber intends to retain a traditional operation , competing in the fencing , pallet-wood and mining-timber markets using home-grown softwood .
tulloch timber intends to retain a traditional [use] , competing in the fencing , pallet-wood and mining-timber markets using home-grown softwood .

Gary Stevens will find out today if he requires another operation on the foot in which he cracked a bone during the summer .
gary stevens will find out today if he requires another [use] on the foot in which he cracked a bone during the summer .

Scotland 's tackling at the weekend was akin to a holding operation ; not surprising really as only rarely in the domestic sevens circuit do you see the shuddering finality which the Samoans , Fijians and Canadians bring to their defensive chopping .
scotland 's tackling at the weekend was akin to a holding [use] ; not surprising really as only rarely in the domestic sevens circuit do you see the shuddering finality which the samoans , fijians and canadians bring to their defensive chopping .

Thus was the Edinburgh Woollen Mill retail operation born .
thus was the edinburgh woollen mill retail [use] born .

Gary Stevens , whose non-appearance was announced on Monday , is to enter hospital tomorrow for an operation on his damaged left foot that will keep him out for the rest of the season .
gary stevens , whose non-appearance was announced on monday , is to enter hospital tomorrow for an [use] on his damaged left foot that will keep him out for the rest of the season .

At least Gooch has been told he does not need an operation on a troublesome knee and will be fully fit for the start of the season .
at least gooch has been told he does not need an [use] on a troublesome knee and will be fully fit for the start of the season .

But the German manager has been lifted by the recent club form of 31-year-old captain , Lothar Matthaeus — absent in Sweden due to a serious knee operation — as well as his clubmate Olaf Thon 's successful switch from midfielder to libero at Bayern Munich .
but the german manager has been lifted by the recent club form of 31-year-old captain , lothar matthaeus — absent in sweden due to a serious knee [use] — as well as his clubmate olaf thon 's successful switch from midfielder to libero at bayern munich .

Doctors at Darlington 's Memorial Hospital believed the operation to remove the screws would be a fairly straightforward affair .
doctors at darlington 's memorial hospital believed the [use] to remove the screws would be a fairly straightforward affair .

Although the marketing operation has not started in earnest yet , the company says it is close to clinching a deal on 24 shop units .
although the marketing [use] has not started in earnest yet , the company says it is close to clinching a deal on 24 shop units .

The shocking discovery prompted a massive police operation clearly remembered by a retired policeman who was a young constable on duty in Spennymoor on the night of the slaying .
the shocking discovery prompted a massive police [use] clearly remembered by a retired policeman who was a young constable on duty in spennymoor on the night of the slaying .

Last year the Automobile Association took over operation of the scheme , which puts police in touch with local duty solicitors .
last year the automobile association took over [use] of the scheme , which puts police in touch with local duty solicitors .

Church committee treasurer John King said yesterday the delicate operation had attracted a crowd of spectators , including one or two who had seen the fire engine and thought there was something wrong .
church committee treasurer john king said yesterday the delicate [use] had attracted a crowd of spectators , including one or two who had seen the fire engine and thought there was something wrong .

One successful operation involved a cub found wandering in the centre of Darlington , taken to a refuge at Throckley , near Durham , and returned to the group for release into the Yorkshire countryside .
one successful [use] involved a cub found wandering in the centre of darlington , taken to a refuge at throckley , near durham , and returned to the group for release into the yorkshire countryside .

One advantage of being at home is that you will be less likely to have a caesarian section , which is seen as a last resort while in hospitals around 12pc of all pregnancies will end in an operation .
one advantage of being at home is that you will be less likely to have a caesarian section , which is seen as a last resort while in hospitals around 12pc of all pregnancies will end in an [use] .

But Eddie Richardson , branch secretary of Nupe , was concerned operation lists had fallen because patients were not seeing consultants .
but eddie richardson , branch secretary of nupe , was concerned [use] lists had fallen because patients were not seeing consultants .

Mr Fallon said : ‘ It is a nonsense to measure from the time of referral to the time of operation because not all out-patients require operations . ’
mr fallon said : ‘ it is a nonsense to measure from the time of referral to the time of [use] because not all out-patients require operations . ’

Mr Fallon said : ‘ It 's very misleading to measure waiting lists from the time of referral to the time of operation because many patients will go to a consultant as out-patients but do n't need operations . ’
mr fallon said : ‘ it 's very misleading to measure waiting lists from the time of referral to the time of [use] because many patients will go to a consultant as out-patients but do n't need operations . ’

Watt could be back soon after operation to restore balance
watt could be back soon after [use] to restore balance

There have been fears for the future of Dangerfield Mills at Hawick since the spinning operation went into liquidation nearly 18 months ago .
there have been fears for the future of dangerfield mills at hawick since the spinning [use] went into liquidation nearly 18 months ago .

Operation rules out England striker Shearer for rest of the season
[use] rules out england striker shearer for rest of the season

He had a knee operation last month , but broke down in training last week and was sent to see top Cambridge specialist , David Dandy .
he had a knee [use] last month , but broke down in training last week and was sent to see top cambridge specialist , david dandy .

It is justly ironic that the Government , which refused to control the industry and protect the environment , has also refused to help them conduct a price-fixing operation .
it is justly ironic that the government , which refused to control the industry and protect the environment , has also refused to help them conduct a price-fixing [use] .

The thought of wearing the coveted England captain 's armband holds no fears for Platt , who insists he has completely recovered from a knee operation .
the thought of wearing the coveted england captain 's armband holds no fears for platt , who insists he has completely recovered from a knee [use] .

The Digital board , which is reviewing its international operation and cutting 25,000 jobs from a worldwide payroll of 102,000 , intends to concentrate its resources on a single computer manufacturing base for ease of access to the European market .
the digital board , which is reviewing its international [use] and cutting 25,000 jobs from a worldwide payroll of 102,000 , intends to concentrate its resources on a single computer manufacturing base for ease of access to the european market .

Fears that a team of dopers , similar to the one which nobbled Bravefoot , Norwich and Flying Diva in 1990 , was in operation surfaced following a sequence of poor performances by favourites .
fears that a team of dopers , similar to the one which nobbled bravefoot , norwich and flying diva in 1990 , was in [use] surfaced following a sequence of poor performances by favourites .

‘ It was to protect this operation that the press were not given a full briefing when the recent doping allegations were made .
‘ it was to protect this [use] that the press were not given a full briefing when the recent doping allegations were made .

McJannet thought a summer 's rest would provide a cure , but an operation was necessary just before the start of the current campaign .
mcjannet thought a summer 's rest would provide a cure , but an [use] was necessary just before the start of the current campaign .

‘ Another operation was necessary when it was found a growth on my kneecap was burying into the bone .
‘ another [use] was necessary when it was found a growth on my kneecap was burying into the bone .

Chairman Sir John Hall , however , has stressed that the struggling Second Division club still have to put into operation the so-called rescue package designed to soak up debts of around £5m .
chairman sir john hall , however , has stressed that the struggling second division club still have to put into [use] the so-called rescue package designed to soak up debts of around £5m .

Chairman Sir John Hall , however , has stressed that the struggling Second Division club still have to put into operation the so-called rescue package designed to soak up debts of around £5m .
chairman sir john hall , however , has stressed that the struggling second division club still have to put into [use] the so-called rescue package designed to soak up debts of around £5m .

Lily Morrison went into Darlington Memorial Hospital after waiting 13 months for a hernia operation and waited hours before being told it had been cancelled .
lily morrison went into darlington memorial hospital after waiting 13 months for a hernia [use] and waited hours before being told it had been cancelled .

She was then put in an armchair only to be told a few minutes later that her operation had been cancelled because the hospital was ‘ short staffed ’ .
she was then put in an armchair only to be told a few minutes later that her [use] had been cancelled because the hospital was ‘ short staffed ’ .

It 's bad enough for a young person going into hospital for an operation but when you get to her age you deserve a bit more care .
it 's bad enough for a young person going into hospital for an [use] but when you get to her age you deserve a bit more care .

‘ She says she wo n't go back for the operation now because of what happened . ’
‘ she says she wo n't go back for the [use] now because of what happened . ’

Murray moved to clinch a quick deal on his return journey from West Bromwich yesterday morning after leading scorer Paul Baker was rushed into hospital for a hernia operation .
murray moved to clinch a quick deal on his return journey from west bromwich yesterday morning after leading scorer paul baker was rushed into hospital for a hernia [use] .

Her doctor says she can not have another operation as it would kill her .
her doctor says she can not have another [use] as it would kill her .

Lily Morrison was due to have treatment for a hernia but , after a three hour wait in a side ward , was told the operation has been cancelled .
lily morrison was due to have treatment for a hernia but , after a three hour wait in a side ward , was told the [use] has been cancelled .

Out on the stump he is efficient and businesslike : shouting out orders and thanks to his lieutenants very much in charge of the operation .
out on the stump he is efficient and businesslike : shouting out orders and thanks to his lieutenants very much in charge of the [use] .

The Labour canvassing operation is much more of a team effort .
the labour canvassing [use] is much more of a team effort .

The biggest part of the operation , which nationally will involve 100m extra items , is sending out the poll cards , candidates ' campaign literature and postal vote papers .
the biggest part of the [use] , which nationally will involve 100m extra items , is sending out the poll cards , candidates ' campaign literature and postal vote papers .

Chief Supt John Nesbit of South Yorkshire police , in charge of the operation , said : ‘ This April afternoon has produced winners all round the fans , British football , Hillsborough stadium and the South Yorkshire police .
chief supt john nesbit of south yorkshire police , in charge of the [use] , said : ‘ this april afternoon has produced winners all round the fans , british football , hillsborough stadium and the south yorkshire police .

Good humour helped to see Victor through his prolonged ill health , caused by a lung complaint which led ultimately to a transplant operation from which he did not recover .
good humour helped to see victor through his prolonged ill health , caused by a lung complaint which led ultimately to a transplant [use] from which he did not recover .

In reality , few farmers wear complete protection at the tank , and the operation is so messy that liquid is bound to get on the smallest area of exposed skin .
in reality , few farmers wear complete protection at the tank , and the [use] is so messy that liquid is bound to get on the smallest area of exposed skin .

There was concern that the hydrophonic amplification equipment needed for such a rescue operation was not available .
there was concern that the hydrophonic amplification equipment needed for such a rescue [use] was not available .

‘ Martin is hoping now that next week 's operation is a success and that he will be fit for the start of next season . ’
‘ martin is hoping now that next week 's [use] is a success and that he will be fit for the start of next season . ’

Rhys was to receive the potentially life-saving operation at the unit before its closure .
rhys was to receive the potentially life-saving [use] at the unit before its closure .

He has now been accepted for a transplant operation at the Bristol Royal Hospital for Sick Children and the search is on for a suitable bone marrow donor .
he has now been accepted for a transplant [use] at the bristol royal hospital for sick children and the search is on for a suitable bone marrow donor .

He became seriously ill with a blood infection after a routine prostate operation and soon after recovering faced a greater trauma when Meg died in 1986 .
he became seriously ill with a blood infection after a routine prostate [use] and soon after recovering faced a greater trauma when meg died in 1986 .

The Benefits Agency , an executive arm of the Department of Social Services , has announced that it is switching its operation from Holyhead to Llangefni , 16 miles away .
the benefits agency , an executive arm of the department of social services , has announced that it is switching its [use] from holyhead to llangefni , 16 miles away .

The raiders broke into the warehouse used by Operation Christmas Child on Wrexham industrial estate .
the raiders broke into the warehouse used by [use] christmas child on wrexham industrial estate .

The 44-year-old star watched little Christina battle for life thankfully successfully after an operation for a hole in her heart .
the 44-year-old star watched little christina battle for life thankfully successfully after an [use] for a hole in her heart .

‘ My deepest concern is that the future of the ferry service itself may be in jeopardy , particularly as a result of the way in which £6 million was invested in the operation in 1990 . ’
‘ my deepest concern is that the future of the ferry service itself may be in jeopardy , particularly as a result of the way in which £6 million was invested in the [use] in 1990 . ’

Doctors at a nearby hospital said four of the five Britons had only slight wounds but one man had an operation to remove a nail embedded in his chest .
doctors at a nearby hospital said four of the five britons had only slight wounds but one man had an [use] to remove a nail embedded in his chest .

‘ My deepest concern is that the future of the ferry service itself may be in jeopardy , particularly as a result of the way in which £6 million was invested in the operation in 1990 . ’
‘ my deepest concern is that the future of the ferry service itself may be in jeopardy , particularly as a result of the way in which £6 million was invested in the [use] in 1990 . ’

British Aerospace worker Leonard Phillips , 61 , had an operation to remove a nail embedded in his chest .
british aerospace worker leonard phillips , 61 , had an [use] to remove a nail embedded in his chest .

BAe worker Leonard Phillips , 61 , had an operation to remove a nail embedded in his chest .
bae worker leonard phillips , 61 , had an [use] to remove a nail embedded in his chest .

One of the injured Britons , Leonard Philips , from Mold , had to undergo an operation to remove a nail which embedded in his chest .
one of the injured britons , leonard philips , from mold , had to undergo an [use] to remove a nail which embedded in his chest .

State Trooper Chuck Lamica in Juneau said : ‘ We have now suspended the operation and it will not start again until we get a new lead . ’
state trooper chuck lamica in juneau said : ‘ we have now suspended the [use] and it will not start again until we get a new lead . ’

The decision by the Cambrian News board to close down the company 's newspaper printing operation in Aberystwyth , after 103 years in the town , stems from plans to improve the quality of the paper to meet competition from other newspapers in Ceredigion , Montgomeryshire , Meirionnydd and Dwyfor .
the decision by the cambrian news board to close down the company 's newspaper printing [use] in aberystwyth , after 103 years in the town , stems from plans to improve the quality of the paper to meet competition from other newspapers in ceredigion , montgomeryshire , meirionnydd and dwyfor .

‘ The loss of some jobs is inevitable , but our highly successful Cambrian Printers commercial operation will remain in Aberystwyth , ’ he added .
‘ the loss of some jobs is inevitable , but our highly successful cambrian printers commercial [use] will remain in aberystwyth , ’ he added .

He had a successful operation in December but suffered problems with his shoulder socket while training at the start of last month .
he had a successful [use] in december but suffered problems with his shoulder socket while training at the start of last month .

Lola chairman Eric Broadley said in Formula One it was necessary for the team and its design department to be one operation and not separated .
lola chairman eric broadley said in formula one it was necessary for the team and its design department to be one [use] and not separated .

Ear operation
ear [use]

Cowan is recuperating after an ear operation and is unlikely to be back in action for a month .
cowan is recuperating after an ear [use] and is unlikely to be back in action for a month .

Gerry , a member of the Belfast Telegraph staff for 25 years , and previously with the Irish News , underwent a quadruple heart by-pass operation in 1983 but within a week he had started writing his column again from his hospital bed — a column which was part of his life .
gerry , a member of the belfast telegraph staff for 25 years , and previously with the irish news , underwent a quadruple heart by-pass [use] in 1983 but within a week he had started writing his column again from his hospital bed — a column which was part of his life .

’ Defender Neil Ruddock is also expected to play after having wisdom teeth removed in an operation this week .
’ defender neil ruddock is also expected to play after having wisdom teeth removed in an [use] this week .

Stable jockey Warren O'Connor hopes to be fit to ride Royal Ballerina following his ankle operation in July and if that 's the case then the Kauntze filly should be worth supporting .
stable jockey warren o'connor hopes to be fit to ride royal ballerina following his ankle [use] in july and if that 's the case then the kauntze filly should be worth supporting .

The salvage operation is taking place 400 miles off the coast of Newfoundland in North Atlantic waters over 12,400 feet deep .
the salvage [use] is taking place 400 miles off the coast of newfoundland in north atlantic waters over 12,400 feet deep .

The police operation codenamed Lightbulb was targeted at drug pushers who have built up trade worth hundreds of thousands of pounds and who attract dealers from all over the North-west .
the police [use] codenamed lightbulb was targeted at drug pushers who have built up trade worth hundreds of thousands of pounds and who attract dealers from all over the north-west .

The drama unfolded at 7am when officers gathered for an operation briefing at Stanley Road police station , Kirkdale .
the drama unfolded at 7am when officers gathered for an [use] briefing at stanley road police station , kirkdale .

Fire engines from the Royal Naval Air Station at Culdrose helped pump out homes and 40 personnel from the base joined council workers in a huge clean-up operation .
fire engines from the royal naval air station at culdrose helped pump out homes and 40 personnel from the base joined council workers in a huge clean-up [use] .

Computer technician Barry Daniels , of Epping , Essex , yesterday asked two judges to rule that the shutdown of the unit at Westminster Children 's Hospital , where his son Rhys was to receive a potentially life-saving operation , was unlawful because proper consultation procedures were not followed .
computer technician barry daniels , of epping , essex , yesterday asked two judges to rule that the shutdown of the unit at westminster children 's hospital , where his son rhys was to receive a potentially life-saving [use] , was unlawful because proper consultation procedures were not followed .

The court had heard that Rhys had now been accepted for a transplant operation at a Bristol hospital and the search was on for a suitable bone marrow donor .
the court had heard that rhys had now been accepted for a transplant [use] at a bristol hospital and the search was on for a suitable bone marrow donor .

It was a shattering indictment of the day-to-day nuts-and-bolts operation of the Government .
it was a shattering indictment of the day-to-day nuts-and-bolts [use] of the government .

Spanish operation , Meeke is on the verge of winning Spain 's international rally title for the first time although as he left again for Madrid yesterday , he sounded a word of caution .
spanish [use] , meeke is on the verge of winning spain 's international rally title for the first time although as he left again for madrid yesterday , he sounded a word of caution .

‘ But he will be given maximum medical support treatment and if his condition improves , the transplant operation will be considered again . ’
‘ but he will be given maximum medical support treatment and if his condition improves , the transplant [use] will be considered again . ’

The operation to ship Rudman back to Britain began after he waived his right to appeal to the Irish High Court , and then the Supreme Court , against extradition , a process which could have taken months .
the [use] to ship rudman back to britain began after he waived his right to appeal to the irish high court , and then the supreme court , against extradition , a process which could have taken months .

Commons authorities had thought they had rid the building of all asbestos — used extensively in the 1920s and 30s — during a big clean-up operation 10 years ago .
commons authorities had thought they had rid the building of all asbestos — used extensively in the 1920s and 30s — during a big clean-up [use] 10 years ago .

Gallagher , who was injured in February and was originally expected to be sidelined for up to a year , follows striker Nigel Shaw as a beneficiary of the new operation , which involves the small insertion of laser equipment in the side of the knee to minimise surgery .
gallagher , who was injured in february and was originally expected to be sidelined for up to a year , follows striker nigel shaw as a beneficiary of the new [use] , which involves the small insertion of laser equipment in the side of the knee to minimise surgery .

But he has been given the all-clear after an operation last week to remove a second disc from his neck .
but he has been given the all-clear after an [use] last week to remove a second disc from his neck .

The second operation has been a complete success .
the second [use] has been a complete success .

Young batting ace Arran Roberts is still doubtful following a leg operation while Hefin Lewis and Quasim Ijaz are Bangor 's danger men .
young batting ace arran roberts is still doubtful following a leg [use] while hefin lewis and quasim ijaz are bangor 's danger men .

Offiah is returning to England for a reconstruction operation .
offiah is returning to england for a reconstruction [use] .

We have had a good year with minor upsets , such as a cataract operation for me which was no trouble at all , and has resulted in a dramatic improvement in my eyesight .
we have had a good year with minor upsets , such as a cataract [use] for me which was no trouble at all , and has resulted in a dramatic improvement in my eyesight .

What concerns us more is that a letter written by Wilson 's aunt in August 1992 informed us that Wilson 's mother was having an operation on her throat , and that her situation was ‘ very bad ’ .
what concerns us more is that a letter written by wilson 's aunt in august 1992 informed us that wilson 's mother was having an [use] on her throat , and that her situation was ‘ very bad ’ .

The same hospital called me in early for a quick and very successful cataract operation ( lens implant ) , seemingly in order to treat as many patients as possible before the go-slow came into effect .
the same hospital called me in early for a quick and very successful cataract [use] ( lens implant ) , seemingly in order to treat as many patients as possible before the go-slow came into effect .

My cataract operation has been moved forward a fortnight for the rather odd reason that the hospital is ‘ having to cancel all non-urgent operations in October ’ .
my cataract [use] has been moved forward a fortnight for the rather odd reason that the hospital is ‘ having to cancel all non-urgent operations in october ’ .

‘ Although Dr Lassiere 's findings seem quite encouraging for Central region , we should not be complacent , ’ warned Operation Brightwater campaign Officer Valerie Johnston .
‘ although dr lassiere 's findings seem quite encouraging for central region , we should not be complacent , ’ warned [use] brightwater campaign officer valerie johnston .

My sincere thanks to you all for the most beautiful flowers that were sent to me in hospital during my recent operation .
my sincere thanks to you all for the most beautiful flowers that were sent to me in hospital during my recent [use] .

There will be an increase in the powers of the Head Teacher , Governors , and Parents with a corresponding decrease in the powers of the Local Authority and Teachers , an obligation to make better use of finances , and opportunities for the customer to determine the operation .
there will be an increase in the powers of the head teacher , governors , and parents with a corresponding decrease in the powers of the local authority and teachers , an obligation to make better use of finances , and opportunities for the customer to determine the [use] .

Cicely Harris had her second hip operation in October and was delighted , at Christmas-time to be able to throw away her stick ; by February she was dancing again and in April was back on the bowling green ; she participated in the May competitions at her club and managed to win a cup — which you see her holding here .
cicely harris had her second hip [use] in october and was delighted , at christmas-time to be able to throw away her stick ; by february she was dancing again and in april was back on the bowling green ; she participated in the may competitions at her club and managed to win a cup — which you see her holding here .

He went during the morning to see a young boy who was to have an operation later that day .
he went during the morning to see a young boy who was to have an [use] later that day .

Ruth Baird continues to teach a strong Edinburgh class but as a result of her unplanned and completely unsponsored double somersault down a highland waterfall , Muriel Jessop had to have an operation to deal with a torn cartilage and frayed ligaments in her knee .
ruth baird continues to teach a strong edinburgh class but as a result of her unplanned and completely unsponsored double somersault down a highland waterfall , muriel jessop had to have an [use] to deal with a torn cartilage and frayed ligaments in her knee .

Last year she had an operation for cancer but recovered well and had taken part this year in many Medau events , including the Coburg Course .
last year she had an [use] for cancer but recovered well and had taken part this year in many medau events , including the coburg course .

As a result of these fears , the Data Protection Act which came into operation in 1986 seeks to regulate the ways in which personal data can be stored by electronic means and gives the individuals concerned rights to challenge accuracy . )
as a result of these fears , the data protection act which came into [use] in 1986 seeks to regulate the ways in which personal data can be stored by electronic means and gives the individuals concerned rights to challenge accuracy . )

Several methods of data collection are possible and a pilot study will be necessary to check that the operation runs smoothly .
several methods of data collection are possible and a pilot study will be necessary to check that the [use] runs smoothly .

The question at issue is whether it is ‘ better ’ for the bilateral cases to have both joints replaced in a single operation or to have each joint treated separately in operations , say , six months apart .
the question at issue is whether it is ‘ better ’ for the bilateral cases to have both joints replaced in a single [use] or to have each joint treated separately in operations , say , six months apart .

It is proposed to quantify the patients ' recovery and rehabilitation by measuring the oxygen intake required during a walk of 100 metres ten days after the operation .
it is proposed to quantify the patients ' recovery and rehabilitation by measuring the oxygen intake required during a walk of 100 metres ten days after the [use] .

This chapter explores the functions of the diverse grouping of financial institutions known as non-bank financial intermediaries and comparisons are made between unit trusts and investment trusts , and the impact of pension funds on the operation of the financial system are considered .
this chapter explores the functions of the diverse grouping of financial institutions known as non-bank financial intermediaries and comparisons are made between unit trusts and investment trusts , and the impact of pension funds on the [use] of the financial system are considered .

Factoring — factoring services can involve the full operation of companies ' invoicing and debt collection , credit protection through cover on sales made , and payments of up to 80 per cent of debts in advance of collection .
factoring — factoring services can involve the full [use] of companies ' invoicing and debt collection , credit protection through cover on sales made , and payments of up to 80 per cent of debts in advance of collection .

Where does this leave the operation of monetary policy ?
where does this leave the [use] of monetary policy ?

It is therefore argued that the operation of monetary policy should be taken out of the hands of the government which is politically motivated and into the hands of the Central Bank , which is neutral but has a reputation to uphold ( such a situation exists in Germany , with the Bundesbank deciding on monetary policy ) .
it is therefore argued that the [use] of monetary policy should be taken out of the hands of the government which is politically motivated and into the hands of the central bank , which is neutral but has a reputation to uphold ( such a situation exists in germany , with the bundesbank deciding on monetary policy ) .

The operation of the sterling money markets and the role of the Bank of England will be built up from a relatively simple picture .
the [use] of the sterling money markets and the role of the bank of england will be built up from a relatively simple picture .

the operation of the single capacity system ,
the [use] of the single capacity system ,

Nicholson ( 1989 ) argues that hostile takeovers tend to undermine the public 's confidence in the operation of the stock market , particularly in terms of dishonest practices ( a point of view endorsed by the Guinness case — see Chapter 12 ) .
nicholson ( 1989 ) argues that hostile takeovers tend to undermine the public 's confidence in the [use] of the stock market , particularly in terms of dishonest practices ( a point of view endorsed by the guinness case — see chapter 12 ) .

Risk taking is fundamental to the efficient operation of financial markets and the economy as a whole .
risk taking is fundamental to the efficient [use] of financial markets and the economy as a whole .

It will be more concerned with how industrial relations practices are related to the distinctive logic of operation of public enterprises , and how they have changed as the enterprises themselves have come under the political pressures referred to above .
it will be more concerned with how industrial relations practices are related to the distinctive logic of [use] of public enterprises , and how they have changed as the enterprises themselves have come under the political pressures referred to above .

The Conservatives ' legislation to impose legal constraints on picketing , industrial action , the closed shop , the use of political funds , and so on , was justified as a means of removing impediments , both to the flexible operation of the labour market , and to the ‘ rights ’ and liberties of individual workers .
the conservatives ' legislation to impose legal constraints on picketing , industrial action , the closed shop , the use of political funds , and so on , was justified as a means of removing impediments , both to the flexible [use] of the labour market , and to the ‘ rights ’ and liberties of individual workers .

The operation of the market may be modified , of course , by government intervention , but in general the ‘ market ’ functions as a sort of semi-automatic , impersonal control device .
the [use] of the market may be modified , of course , by government intervention , but in general the ‘ market ’ functions as a sort of semi-automatic , impersonal control device .

In the words of a former chairman of a British nationalized industry , when the economy fluctuates , ‘ ministers find it difficult to resist varying the targets or borrowing limits of the industries , frequently at very short notice , and these imposed fluctuations in general management direction produce severe strains on the efficient operation of the industry ’ ( Tombs 1980 : 5 ) .
in the words of a former chairman of a british nationalized industry , when the economy fluctuates , ‘ ministers find it difficult to resist varying the targets or borrowing limits of the industries , frequently at very short notice , and these imposed fluctuations in general management direction produce severe strains on the efficient [use] of the industry ’ ( tombs 1980 : 5 ) .

The nature of railway operation gives rise to standard tasks and categories of work that are to be found in any railway administration : the staffing of trains ; the control of their movement between points of the network ; the running of stations , yards and other terminals ; maintenance of the traction , rolling stock , and the permanent way .
the nature of railway [use] gives rise to standard tasks and categories of work that are to be found in any railway administration : the staffing of trains ; the control of their movement between points of the network ; the running of stations , yards and other terminals ; maintenance of the traction , rolling stock , and the permanent way .

Consultation The 1947 Transport Act refers to the promotion of measures on safety , health and welfare ‘ and the discussion of other matters of mutual interest … including efficiency in the operation of the [ British Transport ] Commission 's services ’ .
consultation the 1947 transport act refers to the promotion of measures on safety , health and welfare ‘ and the discussion of other matters of mutual interest … including efficiency in the [use] of the [ british transport ] commission 's services ’ .

We have already seen that both the quantity of means of production in use and the output produced by their operation grew enormously .
we have already seen that both the quantity of means of production in use and the output produced by their [use] grew enormously .

The criterion for capitalists to scrap old equipment is not whether the machine is physically serviceable — most machinery is withdrawn from use well before it has worn out — but whether it can any longer be operated profitably And the key factor which renders unprofitable the operation of older vintages of machinery is a rise in wage costs .
the criterion for capitalists to scrap old equipment is not whether the machine is physically serviceable — most machinery is withdrawn from use well before it has worn out — but whether it can any longer be operated profitably and the key factor which renders unprofitable the [use] of older vintages of machinery is a rise in wage costs .

And they may need to pay more if enough workers are to be available — unless sufficient old machines are forced out of operation there will be a shortage of workers to operate the new .
and they may need to pay more if enough workers are to be available — unless sufficient old machines are forced out of [use] there will be a shortage of workers to operate the new .

This period — the most glittering episode of the golden years — illustrates the fundamental dynamics of the boom particularly well because it shows them in operation in top gear and with enormous effect .
this period — the most glittering episode of the golden years — illustrates the fundamental dynamics of the boom particularly well because it shows them in [use] in top gear and with enormous effect .

Ample labour supplies permitted the operation of new machines without the need for product wages to rise as fast as productivity .
ample labour supplies permitted the [use] of new machines without the need for product wages to rise as fast as productivity .

Family allowances , introduced in Britain in the Beveridge scheme , had been in operation in France since 1932 .
family allowances , introduced in britain in the beveridge scheme , had been in [use] in france since 1932 .

By 1977 Japan had 25 blast-furnaces in operation with a capacity of over 2 million tons .
by 1977 japan had 25 blast-furnaces in [use] with a capacity of over 2 million tons .

Nevertheless , the progressively more complete operation of the system of pegged exchange rates between convertible currencies undoubtedly assisted the massive expansion of trade which occurred .
nevertheless , the progressively more complete [use] of the system of pegged exchange rates between convertible currencies undoubtedly assisted the massive expansion of trade which occurred .

If one reads the union press ; if one follows case histories of individual factories , one obtains the impression of a general intensification of the work process , which came in different ways and used different methods : reduction in labour-time on a particular machine operation ; supervision of an increased number of machines ; increased assembly line speeds ; spread of incentive payments systems ; increase in heavy and onerous work loads .
if one reads the union press ; if one follows case histories of individual factories , one obtains the impression of a general intensification of the work process , which came in different ways and used different methods : reduction in labour-time on a particular machine [use] ; supervision of an increased number of machines ; increased assembly line speeds ; spread of incentive payments systems ; increase in heavy and onerous work loads .

Rose was the second generation in it , and she had taken it from a back street operation to a small , high class chain .
rose was the second generation in it , and she had taken it from a back street [use] to a small , high class chain .

He learned of the death of thousands of British troops who had been involved in a combined operation with the French against Kaiser Bill 's army .
he learned of the death of thousands of british troops who had been involved in a combined [use] with the french against kaiser bill 's army .

The Mersey Tunnel Authority will close the flyovers for two months in the autumn so that detailed traffic surveys can be carried out to measure the effect on traffic movement in central Birkenhead and the impact on the operation of the tunnels .
the mersey tunnel authority will close the flyovers for two months in the autumn so that detailed traffic surveys can be carried out to measure the effect on traffic movement in central birkenhead and the impact on the [use] of the tunnels .

Di Scott , of Fairbridge , explained : ‘ After the ship had been in operation for some time it was realised that a great deal of money was needed for maintenance and running costs .
di scott , of fairbridge , explained : ‘ after the ship had been in [use] for some time it was realised that a great deal of money was needed for maintenance and running costs .

Territorial Army helped with the cleanup operation . Today members of the
territorial army helped with the cleanup [use] . today members of the

The Mersey Tunnel Authority will close the flyovers for two months in the autumn so that detailed traffic surveys can be carried out to measure the effect on traffic movement in central Birkenhead and the impact on the operation of the tunnels .
the mersey tunnel authority will close the flyovers for two months in the autumn so that detailed traffic surveys can be carried out to measure the effect on traffic movement in central birkenhead and the impact on the [use] of the tunnels .

Comedian Les Dawson ( above ) is recovering at home after being discharged from hospital in Preston where he was being treated for a blood infection after a prostate operation .
comedian les dawson ( above ) is recovering at home after being discharged from hospital in preston where he was being treated for a blood infection after a prostate [use] .

Commercially the deal makes sense and the merged operation may be able to save up to £3.5m a year by cutting out any duplication .
commercially the deal makes sense and the merged [use] may be able to save up to £3.5m a year by cutting out any duplication .

‘ It 's a well organised operation in which the original is sent here by courier and then copied .
‘ it 's a well organised [use] in which the original is sent here by courier and then copied .

Baby Sam needs eye operation urgently
baby sam needs eye [use] urgently

His only chance of sight is an operation in the United States which costs £60,000 .
his only chance of sight is an [use] in the united states which costs £60,000 .

The operation is booked for next month , but Sam 's parents have so far only raised about £23,000 .
the [use] is booked for next month , but sam 's parents have so far only raised about £23,000 .

The operation has a 90pc success rate , she said , adding : ‘ It is our only chance .
the [use] has a 90pc success rate , she said , adding : ‘ it is our only chance .

‘ The operation was carried out in Britain a number of years ago but failed and doctors here are unwilling to try it again . ’
‘ the [use] was carried out in britain a number of years ago but failed and doctors here are unwilling to try it again . ’

Police shut down the new business , called Kim 's , last week after a covert operation .
police shut down the new business , called kim 's , last week after a covert [use] .

Lucy , who graduated from Newcastle University last year , flies out on the Operation Raleigh mission to Zimbabwe next March .
lucy , who graduated from newcastle university last year , flies out on the [use] raleigh mission to zimbabwe next march .

But after 40 minutes the first wave of the military action ended and as dawn broke over the capital there was no sign of a ground operation .
but after 40 minutes the first wave of the military action ended and as dawn broke over the capital there was no sign of a ground [use] .

And the first indications were that his potential life-saving operation went well .
and the first indications were that his potential life-saving [use] went well .

Consultant neurosurgeon Fred Nath , who carried out the delicate operation yesterday free of charge at Middlesbrough General Hospital , said the next few days would be important .
consultant neurosurgeon fred nath , who carried out the delicate [use] yesterday free of charge at middlesbrough general hospital , said the next few days would be important .

‘ It was a straightforward operation but if a small amount of infection was to get in it would be a very serious problem , ’ he said .
‘ it was a straightforward [use] but if a small amount of infection was to get in it would be a very serious problem , ’ he said .

The eight-month-old tot , flown to Teesside from his home in Romania for the delicate brain operation as a last chance hope for survival , suffers from hydrocephalus water on the brain .
the eight-month-old tot , flown to teesside from his home in romania for the delicate brain [use] as a last chance hope for survival , suffers from hydrocephalus water on the brain .

The operation involved making a hole at the back of the head , another hole in the tummy and re-routing the fluid from the brain down through a tube under the skin .
the [use] involved making a hole at the back of the head , another hole in the tummy and re-routing the fluid from the brain down through a tube under the skin .

The 28-year-old embarked on a two-year course of hormone and electrolysis treatment last June and was due to have the sex change operation at Middlesbrough General Hospital next year .
the 28-year-old embarked on a two-year course of hormone and electrolysis treatment last june and was due to have the sex change [use] at middlesbrough general hospital next year .

Tormented and frustrated by his yearnings to be a woman , the certain and shattering knowledge that he was caught in the wrong body , he finally decided the only answer was to have a sex change operation .
tormented and frustrated by his yearnings to be a woman , the certain and shattering knowledge that he was caught in the wrong body , he finally decided the only answer was to have a sex change [use] .

The hospital 's chief executive Len Fenwick immediately said the operation could be carried out on Tyneside .
the hospital 's chief executive len fenwick immediately said the [use] could be carried out on tyneside .

There is one Romanian surgeon capable of performing the open heart operation to replace the middle aged woman 's valves .
there is one romanian surgeon capable of performing the open heart [use] to replace the middle aged woman 's valves .

If she does n't get the operation she is going to die . ’
if she does n't get the [use] she is going to die . ’

Officers mounted the operation to compile evidence against seven men from around the North-East allegedly involved in the conspiracy .
officers mounted the [use] to compile evidence against seven men from around the north-east allegedly involved in the conspiracy .

One of several planned throughout the country , it could be in operation by the end of the year .
one of several planned throughout the country , it could be in [use] by the end of the year .

The orthopaedic department is working towards a one-year maximum wait for patients on a waiting list for an operation and hope to drastically cut the wait for an outpatient appointment .
the orthopaedic department is working towards a one-year maximum wait for patients on a waiting list for an [use] and hope to drastically cut the wait for an outpatient appointment .

Bringing baby Bogdan Ursu to Middlesbrough for a vital operation grabbed the headlines , but Rod has developed an affection for all the children he has helped on his trips .
bringing baby bogdan ursu to middlesbrough for a vital [use] grabbed the headlines , but rod has developed an affection for all the children he has helped on his trips .

Raytheon say they are reviewing the entire operation .
raytheon say they are reviewing the entire [use] .

Raytheon says it is reviewing the entire operation at Broughton and will notify the workforce of the results in due course .
raytheon says it is reviewing the entire [use] at broughton and will notify the workforce of the results in due course .

It will continue to run a business travel operation .
it will continue to run a business travel [use] .

Berend returned to school just six months after the operation .
berend returned to school just six months after the [use] .

But , despite this , four months later Scott and Chorley were allegedly involved in a second successful smuggling operation along with another man Michael Walker .
but , despite this , four months later scott and chorley were allegedly involved in a second successful smuggling [use] along with another man michael walker .

Police shut down the new business , called Kim 's , last week after a covert operation .
police shut down the new business , called kim 's , last week after a covert [use] .

‘ It has better quality people , its productivity has never been so great and yet it is still somewhat traditional in format and operation .
‘ it has better quality people , its productivity has never been so great and yet it is still somewhat traditional in format and [use] .

Gallagher , who was injured in February and was originally expected to be sidelined for up to a year , follows striker Nigel Shaw as a beneficiary of the new operation , which involves the small insertion of laser equipment in the side of the knee to minimise surgery .
gallagher , who was injured in february and was originally expected to be sidelined for up to a year , follows striker nigel shaw as a beneficiary of the new [use] , which involves the small insertion of laser equipment in the side of the knee to minimise surgery .

It has been in operation since last month , giving advice to around six established small and medium-sized businesses a day .
it has been in [use] since last month , giving advice to around six established small and medium-sized businesses a day .

His Billingham-based operation , Century bought 185 pubs for around £60m from the same brewer last November .
his billingham-based [use] , century bought 185 pubs for around £60m from the same brewer last november .

Last year the Automobile Association took over operation of the scheme , which puts police in touch with local duty solicitors .
last year the automobile association took over [use] of the scheme , which puts police in touch with local duty solicitors .

When the sewage treatment plant comes into operation in 1998 it will be able to cater for four times the population of Whitby .
when the sewage treatment plant comes into [use] in 1998 it will be able to cater for four times the population of whitby .

Up on Albert Hill in all likelihood its operations were on the banks of the eponymous river where the Cleveland Industrial Estate is now it had a massive and profitable operation covering 22 acres , employing 1,000 men and boys and working 90 furnaces .
up on albert hill in all likelihood its operations were on the banks of the eponymous river where the cleveland industrial estate is now it had a massive and profitable [use] covering 22 acres , employing 1,000 men and boys and working 90 furnaces .

Suter chairman David Abell said of the Chemoxy operation : ‘ The skills of its management and flexibility in adapting to difficult market circumstances have enabled it to seize opportunities . ’
suter chairman david abell said of the chemoxy [use] : ‘ the skills of its management and flexibility in adapting to difficult market circumstances have enabled it to seize opportunities . ’

It will be the group 's 175th franchise operation .
it will be the group 's 175th franchise [use] .

We do n't have the money to cough up to maintain the operation .
we do n't have the money to cough up to maintain the [use] .

With the mines now being put up for private operation , a great deal will depend on how sincere British Coal is about helping the new licensees to make a go of it .
with the mines now being put up for private [use] , a great deal will depend on how sincere british coal is about helping the new licensees to make a go of it .

Jane 's Aviation will switch its operation from Blackpool to Speke , boosting the airport 's reputation as a freight traffic centre .
jane 's aviation will switch its [use] from blackpool to speke , boosting the airport 's reputation as a freight traffic centre .

For the past nine months it has been involved in a nightly Royal Mail operation out of the airport .
for the past nine months it has been involved in a nightly royal mail [use] out of the airport .

‘ Liverpool Bay is a new geographical operation for us , ’ said Ms Gallagher .
‘ liverpool bay is a new geographical [use] for us , ’ said ms gallagher .

Mr Moares said : ‘ What the public must understand is the fact that Nuclear Electric has to secure the economics of operation of the plant in the changed business circumstances which include the station 's reduced output capability , the new competitive trading arrangements within the industry , and the current general economic climate .
mr moares said : ‘ what the public must understand is the fact that nuclear electric has to secure the economics of [use] of the plant in the changed business circumstances which include the station 's reduced output capability , the new competitive trading arrangements within the industry , and the current general economic climate .

The seven-day operation of the station was already discontinued with staff working Monday to Friday .
the seven-day [use] of the station was already discontinued with staff working monday to friday .

Surgeons performed an emergency operation .
surgeons performed an emergency [use] .

Mrs Cossins and husband Ray decided four children was enough but ended up with six when nine-year-old Stephen and Caroline , eight , were both born after a sterilisation operation at North Tees General Hospital .
mrs cossins and husband ray decided four children was enough but ended up with six when nine-year-old stephen and caroline , eight , were both born after a sterilisation [use] at north tees general hospital .

He found it and packed it among orange and strawberry lollies so it could be taken to Middlesbrough General Hospital to be sewed back on in a four-hour operation .
he found it and packed it among orange and strawberry lollies so it could be taken to middlesbrough general hospital to be sewed back on in a four-hour [use] .

Then three years ago , she lost her hearing and seemed destined for a life of isolation before she underwent the operation .
then three years ago , she lost her hearing and seemed destined for a life of isolation before she underwent the [use] .

We thought this operation would be safe from the recession .
we thought this [use] would be safe from the recession .

Last night a spokesman for the company confirmed Bairdwear was closing its Aycliffe operation .
last night a spokesman for the company confirmed bairdwear was closing its aycliffe [use] .

Cleveland police have studied the Derby operation and hope to use the same type of scheme .
cleveland police have studied the derby [use] and hope to use the same type of scheme .

Mustoe could be out for six weeks with a groin injury , while Proctor will miss two or three weeks after a minor knee operation .
mustoe could be out for six weeks with a groin injury , while proctor will miss two or three weeks after a minor knee [use] .

The eight-month-old baby is recovering with Middlesbrough foster parents following the operation to remove water from the brain .
the eight-month-old baby is recovering with middlesbrough foster parents following the [use] to remove water from the brain .

Matthew Bates had a similar operation last summer .
matthew bates had a similar [use] last summer .

Robert White , of Maldon Road , Middlesbrough , underwent the private operation to restore his hearing in January 1991 .
robert white , of maldon road , middlesbrough , underwent the private [use] to restore his hearing in january 1991 .

After a few months the child 's speech improved but later a specialist advised there was need of a further operation .
after a few months the child 's speech improved but later a specialist advised there was need of a further [use] .

Robert 's parents , Garry and Thelma , both 26 , paid for the second operation which was carried out in November 1991 and it has proved successful .
robert 's parents , garry and thelma , both 26 , paid for the second [use] which was carried out in november 1991 and it has proved successful .

But South Tees Health Authority claimed waiting lists have been halved since the child 's operation took place and urgent treatment was available .
but south tees health authority claimed waiting lists have been halved since the child 's [use] took place and urgent treatment was available .

— Graham Robb , Tory candidate for hartlepool , said a three-year-old girl whose father claims she has waited over a year for surgery is to get her operation .
— graham robb , tory candidate for hartlepool , said a three-year-old girl whose father claims she has waited over a year for surgery is to get her [use] .

He said : ‘ The little girl is having her operation in May as part of the Government 's special waiting list initiative .
he said : ‘ the little girl is having her [use] in may as part of the government 's special waiting list initiative .

No party has yet owned up to actually revealing the identity of five-year-old Jennifer Bennett of Faversham , Kent , who waited 11 months for an operation for glue ear .
no party has yet owned up to actually revealing the identity of five-year-old jennifer bennett of faversham , kent , who waited 11 months for an [use] for glue ear .

In the North , three similar cases including a five-year-old York girl Sarah Hendry 's 14month wait for an operation to cure glue ear , were revealed .
in the north , three similar cases including a five-year-old york girl sarah hendry 's 14month wait for an [use] to cure glue ear , were revealed .

In Middlesbrough , the grandparents of a four-year-old boy told how they paid out £300 for a private operation because of a six-month wait .
in middlesbrough , the grandparents of a four-year-old boy told how they paid out £300 for a private [use] because of a six-month wait .

Her hopes were raised in January when she received a letter from Hartlepool General Hospital offering the chance of an operation at Middlesbrough General within a fortnight .
her hopes were raised in january when she received a letter from hartlepool general hospital offering the chance of an [use] at middlesbrough general within a fortnight .

The operation is routine .
the [use] is routine .

After a two-hour operation to her face Vicky was said to be ‘ stable ’ in Middlesbrough General Hospital .
after a two-hour [use] to her face vicky was said to be ‘ stable ’ in middlesbrough general hospital .

Mr Anderson 's Darlingtonbased firm Keepsafe Storage hoped to transfer its Teesside operation to a site on Middlesbrough 's riverside after being ordered off land at Stockton following a three-year planning wrangle .
mr anderson 's darlingtonbased firm keepsafe storage hoped to transfer its teesside [use] to a site on middlesbrough 's riverside after being ordered off land at stockton following a three-year planning wrangle .

She claims she would not have needed the operation if she had not been given too much of a drug to hasten the delivery .
she claims she would not have needed the [use] if she had not been given too much of a drug to hasten the delivery .

He cancelled the operation at Middlesbrough General Hospital and is now being changed back to a man .
he cancelled the [use] at middlesbrough general hospital and is now being changed back to a man .

He was later transferred to Middlesbrough General , where he underwent a 2 7hour operation to insert a tube into his windpipe .
he was later transferred to middlesbrough general , where he underwent a 2 7hour [use] to insert a tube into his windpipe .

Once here he will have an operation to repair a cleft palate by plastic surgeon Charles Viva .
once here he will have an [use] to repair a cleft palate by plastic surgeon charles viva .

‘ If you need evidence of that , you need only look as far as the Trust operation now running acute health services in South Tees .
‘ if you need evidence of that , you need only look as far as the trust [use] now running acute health services in south tees .

Immediately after his death several hundred workers at Redpath Offshore 's Linthorpe Dinsdale operation , on Middlesbrough 's Riverside Park , where he worked , went on a three-day protest strike .
immediately after his death several hundred workers at redpath offshore 's linthorpe dinsdale [use] , on middlesbrough 's riverside park , where he worked , went on a three-day protest strike .

Mr Siddle , of Hesleden Avenue , Acklam , Middlesbrough , said they had been working on the operation the previous day and the pipe kept jamming when attempts were made to slot it into place .
mr siddle , of hesleden avenue , acklam , middlesbrough , said they had been working on the [use] the previous day and the pipe kept jamming when attempts were made to slot it into place .

He said since the incident new instructions insisted that loads must never be left unsupported , supports must be put in place to stop the tube falling and a wider slot in the pipe was now used making the operation easier , quicker and safer .
he said since the incident new instructions insisted that loads must never be left unsupported , supports must be put in place to stop the tube falling and a wider slot in the pipe was now used making the [use] easier , quicker and safer .

The operation also entailed taking a huge swathe of land permanently to allow repairs and maintenance to take place and would disrupt farming much more than pylons would .
the [use] also entailed taking a huge swathe of land permanently to allow repairs and maintenance to take place and would disrupt farming much more than pylons would .

She has had an operation on her punctured lung .
she has had an [use] on her punctured lung .

They refused to say why they carried out the operation but stressed that no-one was arrested .
they refused to say why they carried out the [use] but stressed that no-one was arrested .

They are currently sifting through information gathered from more than 350 people questioned in a major weekend operation to retrace the dead man 's last known movements .
they are currently sifting through information gathered from more than 350 people questioned in a major weekend [use] to retrace the dead man 's last known movements .

The controversial Middlesbrough operation closed down several weeks ago .
the controversial middlesbrough [use] closed down several weeks ago .

Neil underwent a three-hour operation at North Tees Hospital to stitch his leg , as well as wounds to his arm and head .
neil underwent a three-hour [use] at north tees hospital to stitch his leg , as well as wounds to his arm and head .

Brought up by his grandparents at Close House , near Bishop Auckland , he has kept goal for Spennymoor and Billingham Synthonia and Backtrackies will recall that earlier this season he endured a collapsed lung and a major operation , after most of Derby County fell on top of him .
brought up by his grandparents at close house , near bishop auckland , he has kept goal for spennymoor and billingham synthonia and backtrackies will recall that earlier this season he endured a collapsed lung and a major [use] , after most of derby county fell on top of him .

‘ He 's now taking notice and responding to stimulation , which he was n't prior to the operation .
‘ he 's now taking notice and responding to stimulation , which he was n't prior to the [use] .

The 44-year-old star watched little Christina battle for life after an operation for a hole in her heart .
the 44-year-old star watched little christina battle for life after an [use] for a hole in her heart .

Thankfully , the operation was successful , but the star has never forgotten the impact it on his life .
thankfully , the [use] was successful , but the star has never forgotten the impact it on his life .

‘ She went back to work very quickly after her operation and if she goes on with her busy life as she fully intends to do , she needs a day or two off occasionally .
‘ she went back to work very quickly after her [use] and if she goes on with her busy life as she fully intends to do , she needs a day or two off occasionally .

Last month the Queen Mother spent several days in an Aberdeen hospital after an operation to remove a piece of fish lodged in her throat .
last month the queen mother spent several days in an aberdeen hospital after an [use] to remove a piece of fish lodged in her throat .

The Liverpool-based operation has recently designed , developed and installed 25 new document scanning machines , each of which can handle up to 25,000 pools coupons an hour .
the liverpool-based [use] has recently designed , developed and installed 25 new document scanning machines , each of which can handle up to 25,000 pools coupons an hour .

Robson has operation
robson has [use]

Manager Lennie Lawrence was impressed by Slaven 's recovery after a knee operation .
manager lennie lawrence was impressed by slaven 's recovery after a knee [use] .

Striker Bernie Slaven could again be on the substitutes ' bench after his quick recovery from a knee operation .
striker bernie slaven could again be on the substitutes ' bench after his quick recovery from a knee [use] .

Slaven pounced for his 14th goal of the season , his first since his knee operation , in front of Boro 's jubilant fans .
slaven pounced for his 14th goal of the season , his first since his knee [use] , in front of boro 's jubilant fans .

Mr Nath recently performed a life-saving operation on Romanian baby Bogdan Ursu who was dying of water on the brain .
mr nath recently performed a life-saving [use] on romanian baby bogdan ursu who was dying of water on the brain .

Pears went to hospital yesterday for an operation on a depressed fracture of the cheekbone .
pears went to hospital yesterday for an [use] on a depressed fracture of the cheekbone .

The 30-year-old goalkeeper recalled a similar operation to former teammate Peter Davenport .
the 30-year-old goalkeeper recalled a similar [use] to former teammate peter davenport .

Davenport played within four days of a similar operation .
davenport played within four days of a similar [use] .

Proctor has recovered from a minor knee operation .
proctor has recovered from a minor knee [use] .

Pears was back in training yesterday after his weekend operation on a cheekbone fracture .
pears was back in training yesterday after his weekend [use] on a cheekbone fracture .

Goalkeeper Stephen Pears is prepared to play after his cheekbone operation , and Lawrence has decided not to recruit a young player to deputise for suspended Jimmy Phillips .
goalkeeper stephen pears is prepared to play after his cheekbone [use] , and lawrence has decided not to recruit a young player to deputise for suspended jimmy phillips .

Bjorn Kristensen is very much in Keegan 's plans but the Newcastle boss does n't want to rush him back after a season 's absence following a knee operation .
bjorn kristensen is very much in keegan 's plans but the newcastle boss does n't want to rush him back after a season 's absence following a knee [use] .

The private Alexandra Hospital at Cheadle , near Stockport , said the triple by-pass operation on the 38-year-old former Scottish international and Middlesbrough star had gone without complications .
the private alexandra hospital at cheadle , near stockport , said the triple by-pass [use] on the 38-year-old former scottish international and middlesbrough star had gone without complications .

Former Middlesbrough player Souness , 38 , later returned to the hospital where he had his operation a week ago .
former middlesbrough player souness , 38 , later returned to the hospital where he had his [use] a week ago .

Patients normally spend ten days in hospital after the by-pass operation .
patients normally spend ten days in hospital after the by-pass [use] .

At one time it was feared that the highly-rated midfielder , who attracted an unsuccessful £1.3m bid from Crystal Palace at the time of the Marco Gabbiadini transfer in September , would need an operation , but he has managed to recover thanks to special exercises under the close supervision of club physiotherapist Steve Smelt .
at one time it was feared that the highly-rated midfielder , who attracted an unsuccessful £1.3m bid from crystal palace at the time of the marco gabbiadini transfer in september , would need an [use] , but he has managed to recover thanks to special exercises under the close supervision of club physiotherapist steve smelt .

‘ On this occasion , a specialist ordered an operation .
‘ on this occasion , a specialist ordered an [use] .

Hatch proved his recovery from a spinal operation by taking seven for 56 including a hat-trick which polished off the Normanby Hall tail-enders leaving his club Darlington just 135 for victory .
hatch proved his recovery from a spinal [use] by taking seven for 56 including a hat-trick which polished off the normanby hall tail-enders leaving his club darlington just 135 for victory .

Mr Wray had to undergo an operation .
mr wray had to undergo an [use] .

But with Paul Gascoigne ruled out after his knee operation and Shreeves working under severe cash restraints , Tottenham 's bright start flattered to deceive .
but with paul gascoigne ruled out after his knee [use] and shreeves working under severe cash restraints , tottenham 's bright start flattered to deceive .

Kilgour declared himself fit after defeating the championship 's host club 's champion Martin Palmer 4 and 3 in his team 's North Durham League match at Ravensworth on Tuesday night , his first major outing since a groin operation two months ago .
kilgour declared himself fit after defeating the championship 's host club 's champion martin palmer 4 and 3 in his team 's north durham league match at ravensworth on tuesday night , his first major outing since a groin [use] two months ago .

Hospital forced to close for clean-up operation
hospital forced to close for clean-up [use]

To enable the cleaning-up operation to be carried out , the hospital will not accept casualty out-patients for the next few days .
to enable the cleaning-up [use] to be carried out , the hospital will not accept casualty out-patients for the next few days .

Tributes flow for rescue operation
tributes flow for rescue [use]

Last night as the clean-up of properties got under way in Cardigan , community leaders paid tribute to those who helped in the rescue operation , particularly at a nearby caravan park .
last night as the clean-up of properties got under way in cardigan , community leaders paid tribute to those who helped in the rescue [use] , particularly at a nearby caravan park .

Massive security operation for surprise visit
massive security [use] for surprise visit

As , yet again , Britain started its mopping up operation , tired rescue workers , tearful home owners and others were asking the same question : Whatever caused the heavens to open ?
as , yet again , britain started its mopping up [use] , tired rescue workers , tearful home owners and others were asking the same question : whatever caused the heavens to open ?

Last night , emergency services were hoping that the weather would hold so they could begin the massive clean-up operation today .
last night , emergency services were hoping that the weather would hold so they could begin the massive clean-up [use] today .

Beniaminio and Mario Di Conza have been in the hospital since June , undergoing investigations to find out the extent of organ sharing , before the operation which was completed yesterday .
beniaminio and mario di conza have been in the hospital since june , undergoing investigations to find out the extent of organ sharing , before the [use] which was completed yesterday .

The man overboard and rescue operation is just one of many practice drills the boys have been put through …
the man overboard and rescue [use] is just one of many practice drills the boys have been put through …

Tomorrow Mr Westaby will carry out a substantial operation on an eighty-two year old man . He 's in no doubts of his right to treatment
tomorrow mr westaby will carry out a substantial [use] on an eighty-two year old man . he 's in no doubts of his right to treatment

In 1983 he underwent a quadruple heart by-pass operation and retired in 1987 .
in 1983 he underwent a quadruple heart by-pass [use] and retired in 1987 .

Maybe he had never actually seen the operation he was describing .
maybe he had never actually seen the [use] he was describing .

If the spokesman risks this hazardous operation , he should stand well back from the edge of the pavement or risk being splashed by the mud and water spilling from these ‘ sealed lorries .
if the spokesman risks this hazardous [use] , he should stand well back from the edge of the pavement or risk being splashed by the mud and water spilling from these ‘ sealed lorries .

In May Lloyds announced a salvage operation to protect the ‘ names ’ who lost money in the crash .
in may lloyds announced a salvage [use] to protect the ‘ names ’ who lost money in the crash .

The singer Frankie Vaughan says he 's on the mend , but lucky to be alive after a two-hour emergency operation .
the singer frankie vaughan says he 's on the mend , but lucky to be alive after a two-hour emergency [use] .

After spells in a wheelchair and weeks of lying in bed , Claire 's just had an operation .
after spells in a wheelchair and weeks of lying in bed , claire 's just had an [use] .

The secret operation followed a long period gathering information on criminals in the town .
the secret [use] followed a long period gathering information on criminals in the town .

It also talks about the operation .
it also talks about the [use] .

The singer Frankie Vaughan has left hospital just eight days after a life saving operation to repair an artery .
the singer frankie vaughan has left hospital just eight days after a life saving [use] to repair an artery .

They 'll go for an extra check up with the medical staff , a couple of weeks before their operation .
they 'll go for an extra check up with the medical staff , a couple of weeks before their [use] .

She 's due to have a hip replacement operation in a few weeks time .
she 's due to have a hip replacement [use] in a few weeks time .

Tracey will come for her operation in November . But the pre admission briefing means the medical team can get an early look at her … and she at them !
tracey will come for her [use] in november . but the pre admission briefing means the medical team can get an early look at her … and she at them !

If they found the operation was n't necessary , they could easily postpone it and make way for another patient .
if they found the [use] was n't necessary , they could easily postpone it and make way for another patient .

Not only is the operation a concern .
not only is the [use] a concern .

Tracey is also being shown in advance how she can help herself when she 's recovering from the operation .
tracey is also being shown in advance how she can help herself when she 's recovering from the [use] .

Code-named ’ Operation Casino ’ it 's targeting drivers in rural areas .
code-named ’ [use] casino ’ it 's targeting drivers in rural areas .

It follows an operation involving seven police forces .
it follows an [use] involving seven police forces .

The haul follows Operation Gauntlet when officers raided sixty four adddresses in Gloucestershire and surrounding counties .
the haul follows [use] gauntlet when officers raided sixty four adddresses in gloucestershire and surrounding counties .

The operation followed a tip off that stolen cars were being processed or 'rung ' there .
the [use] followed a tip off that stolen cars were being processed or 'rung ' there .

The operation followed a tip off that stolen cars were being processed or 'rung ' there .
the [use] followed a tip off that stolen cars were being processed or 'rung ' there .

Little Tara Lee is here for an operation to remove a cyst just above her left eye .
little tara lee is here for an [use] to remove a cyst just above her left eye .

Tara is whisked away as the operation begins .
tara is whisked away as the [use] begins .

The operation lasts around half an hour .
the [use] lasts around half an hour .

12 noon is lunchtime , even for Tara who 's almost ready to go home , just 3 hours after her operation .
12 noon is lunchtime , even for tara who 's almost ready to go home , just 3 hours after her [use] .

It was the second such operation by the Rangers , believed to have the anti-terrorist Delta force amongst their ranks , and who were apparently sent into the war-torn town to capture Aideed .
it was the second such [use] by the rangers , believed to have the anti-terrorist delta force amongst their ranks , and who were apparently sent into the war-torn town to capture aideed .

When doctors told her early on January 26 that the baby was seriously ill and was being taken to theatre for an operation , she asked them : ‘ How come you left it so late ? ’
when doctors told her early on january 26 that the baby was seriously ill and was being taken to theatre for an [use] , she asked them : ‘ how come you left it so late ? ’

These include the major new and used car facility , parts operation , 12-bay service workshop , a Ford Daily Rental Fleet at Upper Newtownards Road and the Ford-approved accident repair centre and rapid-fit tyrefitting facility at Knockdene 's Castlereagh Road site .
these include the major new and used car facility , parts [use] , 12-bay service workshop , a ford daily rental fleet at upper newtownards road and the ford-approved accident repair centre and rapid-fit tyrefitting facility at knockdene 's castlereagh road site .

Randalstown have a handful of early injury problems to overcome , with goalkeeper Mary Nugent ( groin ) , Kirsty Bonar ( ankle ligaments ) and Jayne Armstrong ( back ) all causing headaches and striker Rhoda Campbell set to go into hospital next week for an exploratory knee operation .
randalstown have a handful of early injury problems to overcome , with goalkeeper mary nugent ( groin ) , kirsty bonar ( ankle ligaments ) and jayne armstrong ( back ) all causing headaches and striker rhoda campbell set to go into hospital next week for an exploratory knee [use] .

Gerry Flynn , who still has not fully recovered from a hernia operation , was thrown into the fray against Ards , as was newcomer Fran Hitchcock for his first game , and they both marked the occasion with a goal .
gerry flynn , who still has not fully recovered from a hernia [use] , was thrown into the fray against ards , as was newcomer fran hitchcock for his first game , and they both marked the occasion with a goal .

Formerly known as Operation Raleigh , the charity aims to develop young people by providing them with the opportunity to work on demanding environmental and conservation projects in remote areas of the world .
formerly known as [use] raleigh , the charity aims to develop young people by providing them with the opportunity to work on demanding environmental and conservation projects in remote areas of the world .

Royal Ballerina , who was runner-up in the English and Irish Oaks , is trained at Ashburn by Michael Kauntze , whose stable jockey Warren O'Connor is not fit enough to ride following an ankle operation .
royal ballerina , who was runner-up in the english and irish oaks , is trained at ashburn by michael kauntze , whose stable jockey warren o'connor is not fit enough to ride following an ankle [use] .

Cable & Wireless firmed 4p to 869p on reports that its Mercury subsidiary is planning to launch a mass-market mobile phone operation .
cable & wireless firmed 4p to 869p on reports that its mercury subsidiary is planning to launch a mass-market mobile phone [use] .

Cable & Wireless firmed a penny to 866p on reports that its Mercury subsidiary is planning to launch a mass-market mobile phone operation .
cable & wireless firmed a penny to 866p on reports that its mercury subsidiary is planning to launch a mass-market mobile phone [use] .

Cable & Wireless firmed 4p to 869p on reports that its Mercury subsidiary is planning to launch a mass-market mobile phone operation .
cable & wireless firmed 4p to 869p on reports that its mercury subsidiary is planning to launch a mass-market mobile phone [use] .

And they say a special operation called Gemini which puts extra officers on the street to catch the burglars and car thieves is paying off .
and they say a special [use] called gemini which puts extra officers on the street to catch the burglars and car thieves is paying off .

Police have carried out an operation to catch poachers taking part in the illegal sport of hare-coursing .
police have carried out an [use] to catch poachers taking part in the illegal sport of hare-coursing .

There 's nothing wrong with the operation .
there 's nothing wrong with the [use] .

Forty nine people have been arrested and a hundred thousand pounds worth of stolen property seized in an operation involving police forces from seven counties .
forty nine people have been arrested and a hundred thousand pounds worth of stolen property seized in an [use] involving police forces from seven counties .

Operation Gauntlet was the culmination of months of work — now detectives hope they 'll soon be able to return the property , which includes everything from caravans to jewellery , to its rightful owners .
[use] gauntlet was the culmination of months of work — now detectives hope they 'll soon be able to return the property , which includes everything from caravans to jewellery , to its rightful owners .

The Operation , codenamed Gauntlet , targetted alleged burglars and safe houses in Gloucestershire , West Mercia , and surrounding counties .
the [use] , codenamed gauntlet , targetted alleged burglars and safe houses in gloucestershire , west mercia , and surrounding counties .

She says women should n't be worried about the operation itself , though it can take some time to recover .
she says women should n't be worried about the [use] itself , though it can take some time to recover .

Central to the operation are tankers flown by The United States part-time airforce .
central to the [use] are tankers flown by the united states part-time airforce .

Laura Davies , the five-year-old girl from Manchester , is undergoing a twenty hour multiple transplant operation in the United States after complications followed her earlier surgery .
laura davies , the five-year-old girl from manchester , is undergoing a twenty hour multiple transplant [use] in the united states after complications followed her earlier surgery .

In a statement the Prison Service said it wanted to clarify the situation in view of misleading accounts of the operation of the Compassionate Home Leave Scheme .
in a statement the prison service said it wanted to clarify the situation in view of misleading accounts of the [use] of the compassionate home leave scheme .

Brook has been in operation in Britain for 27 years , and the evidence suggests that Brook has contributed to the decline of sexual health there .
brook has been in [use] in britain for 27 years , and the evidence suggests that brook has contributed to the decline of sexual health there .

They also recovered more quickly and left the hospital on the day following the operation .
they also recovered more quickly and left the hospital on the day following the [use] .

The Finaghy branch has become an important link in the chain , as far as the Halifax Property Services operation in the south Belfast and Lisburn area is concerned .
the finaghy branch has become an important link in the chain , as far as the halifax property services [use] in the south belfast and lisburn area is concerned .

The fund to meet the cost of Laura 's treatment was relaunched this week and yesterday an anonymous £100,000 donation was confirmed to the organisers , who are confident enough that money can be raised for the new operation and after= care .
the fund to meet the cost of laura 's treatment was relaunched this week and yesterday an anonymous £100,000 donation was confirmed to the organisers , who are confident enough that money can be raised for the new [use] and after= care .

Laura 's parents , Fran and Les Davies , who were also at the news conference , said they did not know how much the next operation would cost .
laura 's parents , fran and les davies , who were also at the news conference , said they did not know how much the next [use] would cost .

The tunable dye laser — which cost almost £250,000 — is one of five of its type in operation throughout the United Kingdom .
the tunable dye laser — which cost almost £250,000 — is one of five of its type in [use] throughout the united kingdom .

Heineken 's operation to recall 240,000 bottles of Export Lager in Britain was going well , according to a spokeswoman .
heineken 's [use] to recall 240,000 bottles of export lager in britain was going well , according to a spokeswoman .

Business cards on which company information can be added are a growing aspect of the Ravenhill Business Park operation .
business cards on which company information can be added are a growing aspect of the ravenhill business park [use] .

They may experience rather more difficulty in mounting a similar operation against Kilkenny , though .
they may experience rather more difficulty in mounting a similar [use] against kilkenny , though .

Murray 's Just Jeremy , on which she led the dressage section from Thomson by less than half a point , has only recently returned to competition following a lengthy lay-off after an operation to cure a breathing problem .
murray 's just jeremy , on which she led the dressage section from thomson by less than half a point , has only recently returned to competition following a lengthy lay-off after an [use] to cure a breathing problem .

‘ Secret ’ operation for Hughes
‘ secret ’ [use] for hughes

Stable jockey Warren O'Connor hopes to be fit to ride Royal Ballerina following his ankle operation in July and if that 's the case then the Kauntze filly should be worth supporting .
stable jockey warren o'connor hopes to be fit to ride royal ballerina following his ankle [use] in july and if that 's the case then the kauntze filly should be worth supporting .

He underwent a minor operation on his elbow during the summer , but that did n't prevent him from fulfilling a fitness programme with the new season in mind .
he underwent a minor [use] on his elbow during the summer , but that did n't prevent him from fulfilling a fitness programme with the new season in mind .

And in March 1988 he underwent a successful five hour operation in Papworth Hospital .
and in march 1988 he underwent a successful five hour [use] in papworth hospital .

And last month Katya underwent her first two hour operation .
and last month katya underwent her first two hour [use] .

Her mother Maria needs a hip operation and ca n't do any heavy lifting .
her mother maria needs a hip [use] and ca n't do any heavy lifting .

The corporation also said it would consult with the local residents about the operation and regretted not having approached them before the work began .
the corporation also said it would consult with the local residents about the [use] and regretted not having approached them before the work began .

Now she 's giving the orders to get out of the washrooms , into the freezing cold , alongside the other troops in this collosal humanitarian operation for the British Army in Bosnia .
now she 's giving the orders to get out of the washrooms , into the freezing cold , alongside the other troops in this collosal humanitarian [use] for the british army in bosnia .

No you wo n't if you have an operation you said you will be off for the rest of the week .
no you wo n't if you have an [use] you said you will be off for the rest of the week .

No , no it 's just he 's having an operation .
no , no it 's just he 's having an [use] .

Do n't , do n't tell , cos my cousin is in control of it , yeah ? And he 's having an operation , huh ?
do n't , do n't tell , cos my cousin is in control of it , yeah ? and he 's having an [use] , huh ?

Ingrowing toenail ? Operation on it ?
ingrowing toenail ? [use] on it ?

For daily operation and domestic use , of course , the Electricity and Gas Authorities , they have to predict the amount of gas or electricity required , and the first thing they have to think about is what is the weather expected ?
for daily [use] and domestic use , of course , the electricity and gas authorities , they have to predict the amount of gas or electricity required , and the first thing they have to think about is what is the weather expected ?

In fact the computer digests it for him to give him and overview of how effective his operation is , when he should be buying extra copies , when perhaps he should be thinking of not buying quite so much , or being a little more selective .
in fact the computer digests it for him to give him and overview of how effective his [use] is , when he should be buying extra copies , when perhaps he should be thinking of not buying quite so much , or being a little more selective .

In video-taped evidence , Mr Reagan has admitted he approved the covert arms for hostages operation , that became known as the Iran Contra affair , although he says he did n't authorise his staff to break the law .
in video-taped evidence , mr reagan has admitted he approved the covert arms for hostages [use] , that became known as the iran contra affair , although he says he did n't authorise his staff to break the law .

The company revealed in course it expects to pay out £1,412,336 in compensation , as well as the clean up operation , which is still going on .
the company revealed in course it expects to pay out £1,412,336 in compensation , as well as the clean up [use] , which is still going on .

The convictions follow a 2 year joint customs and police investigation , code named ‘ operation doorman ’ , that spanned 8 different countries in Europe and Africa .
the convictions follow a 2 year joint customs and police investigation , code named ‘ [use] doorman ’ , that spanned 8 different countries in europe and africa .

Technically , it is on commercial grounds , and they can not recoup the money made from the everyday operation of the reactor to pay for the refurbishment of the reactor , that is true .
technically , it is on commercial grounds , and they can not recoup the money made from the everyday [use] of the reactor to pay for the refurbishment of the reactor , that is true .

Video taped evidence , in which Mr Reagan admits he approved the covert Arms for Hostages operation , that became known as the Iran Contra affair , is to be made public by the trial judge .
video taped evidence , in which mr reagan admits he approved the covert arms for hostages [use] , that became known as the iran contra affair , is to be made public by the trial judge .

The body of Constable Louis Robinson was removed from the roadside in South Armagh late this afternoon after a day-long security operation .
the body of constable louis robinson was removed from the roadside in south armagh late this afternoon after a day-long security [use] .

South Oxfordshire District Council has reopened its Ladygrove Park after it was closed for a cleaning up operation ; the park was closed some weeks ago after gypsies staying there left it full of litter .
south oxfordshire district council has reopened its ladygrove park after it was closed for a cleaning up [use] ; the park was closed some weeks ago after gypsies staying there left it full of litter .

The man heading the operation , Assistant Chief Constable , Alan Rose from Dorset Police , says security for the meeting ca n't get much tighter .
the man heading the [use] , assistant chief constable , alan rose from dorset police , says security for the meeting ca n't get much tighter .

Well in anybody 's terms it 's a major operation , the biggest in this country consistently each year .
well in anybody 's terms it 's a major [use] , the biggest in this country consistently each year .

How long has the operation been going on ?
how long has the [use] been going on ?

The Secretary of State , Peter Brook refused to be drawn on details of the operation .
the secretary of state , peter brook refused to be drawn on details of the [use] .

The Tory Party Conference got under way in Bournemouth today amidst a huge security operation ; Sally Arthie was there .
the tory party conference got under way in bournemouth today amidst a huge security [use] ; sally arthie was there .

We then had to scale down our operations , and as a result the joyriders are back again , so again we have got to step up our operation .
we then had to scale down our operations , and as a result the joyriders are back again , so again we have got to step up our [use] .

But obviously the answer is not to keep stepping up your operation because there 's a limit to your manpower . Do you have any other ideas ?
but obviously the answer is not to keep stepping up your [use] because there 's a limit to your manpower . do you have any other ideas ?

That will make it an expensive operation for them , wo n't it ?
that will make it an expensive [use] for them , wo n't it ?

One of them had had a recent bypass , heart bypass operation .
one of them had had a recent bypass , heart bypass [use] .

We have to put a shelf mark on the books so that we can shelve the book , but that tells us quite a lot about the subject , and if you start putting those three things together the librarian , as manager of his library , can start to put all this information together — in fact , the computer digests it for him — to give him an overview of how effective his operation is , when he should be buying extra copies , when perhaps he should be thinking of not buying quite so much , or being a little more selective .
we have to put a shelf mark on the books so that we can shelve the book , but that tells us quite a lot about the subject , and if you start putting those three things together the librarian , as manager of his library , can start to put all this information together — in fact , the computer digests it for him — to give him an overview of how effective his [use] is , when he should be buying extra copies , when perhaps he should be thinking of not buying quite so much , or being a little more selective .

Well , we 've talked ourselves about the consequences about of that role on the catering operation which is available .
well , we 've talked ourselves about the consequences about of that role on the catering [use] which is available .

Usually a contract is seen as an agreement that is freely entered into by both parties , debating or arguing out the terms at arm 's length , but in reality this is a take it or leave it operation , is n't it ?
usually a contract is seen as an agreement that is freely entered into by both parties , debating or arguing out the terms at arm 's length , but in reality this is a take it or leave it [use] , is n't it ?

They can do erm damage to a section of the network erm that does not bring about major destruction and with this accurate bombing that we 've been seeing this kind of operation is possible .
they can do erm damage to a section of the network erm that does not bring about major destruction and with this accurate bombing that we 've been seeing this kind of [use] is possible .

It does give them the opportunity to provide the facilities , and on top of that on top of classification we now have grading , where every aspect of that hotel 's operation is examined and inspected and they are giving erm the classification as well as the grading , which could be highly commended or commended , and to give you some idea , out of the hotels in this region , you know , very , very few so far have reached the highly commended accolade , and those that do are well worth it , you know .
it does give them the opportunity to provide the facilities , and on top of that on top of classification we now have grading , where every aspect of that hotel 's [use] is examined and inspected and they are giving erm the classification as well as the grading , which could be highly commended or commended , and to give you some idea , out of the hotels in this region , you know , very , very few so far have reached the highly commended accolade , and those that do are well worth it , you know .

Well what sort of suggestions would you like to see put in operation ?
well what sort of suggestions would you like to see put in [use] ?

Delia , you yourself run an advisory service . What sort of general advice would you offer people who wanted to check out the possibility of using a computer in their own operation ?
delia , you yourself run an advisory service . what sort of general advice would you offer people who wanted to check out the possibility of using a computer in their own [use] ?

The Syrian Foreign Minister emerged to predict a release within a few hours , underlining that such a delicate operation is being handled jointly both by Syria and Iran .
the syrian foreign minister emerged to predict a release within a few hours , underlining that such a delicate [use] is being handled jointly both by syria and iran .

The estimated cost of this operation is over sixty million pounds .
the estimated cost of this [use] is over sixty million pounds .

Well , what do you know about Martin Frears and his operation in Switzerland ?
well , what do you know about martin frears and his [use] in switzerland ?

In part two soccer action on the pitch , and behind the scenes the police operation to control the crowds .
in part two soccer action on the pitch , and behind the scenes the police [use] to control the crowds .

Well , as Hereford United were battling against on the pitch , behind the scenes West Mercia Police were mounting a major operation to control the crowd and prevent battles off the pitch between rival fans .
well , as hereford united were battling against on the pitch , behind the scenes west mercia police were mounting a major [use] to control the crowd and prevent battles off the pitch between rival fans .

Tonight 's operation will be the biggest mounted by West Mercia Police at the Hereford ground .
tonight 's [use] will be the biggest mounted by west mercia police at the hereford ground .

Twelve months ago a 41 year old man suffering from Parkinson 's Disease underwent a revolutionary operation .
twelve months ago a 41 year old man suffering from parkinson 's disease underwent a revolutionary [use] .

And this is Rob Davies , a year to the day after his revolutionary operation to cure him .
and this is rob davies , a year to the day after his revolutionary [use] to cure him .

Then he volunteered to know to the Midland Centre for Neurosurgery in Smethwick to undergo a pioneer operation .
then he volunteered to know to the midland centre for neurosurgery in smethwick to undergo a pioneer [use] .

As part of the company 's Quality of Operation exercise , a management development initiative — Improvement Through Teamwork — was launched with a two day training course for more than 120 senior and middle management .
as part of the company 's quality of [use] exercise , a management development initiative — improvement through teamwork — was launched with a two day training course for more than 120 senior and middle management .

The transfer of our central distribution operation to Brackmills , Northampton was completed successfully in October 1992 and it now handles almost 11,000 commodities .
the transfer of our central distribution [use] to brackmills , northampton was completed successfully in october 1992 and it now handles almost 11,000 commodities .

( 1 ) the operation of the Library 's book provision system ,
( 1 ) the [use] of the library 's book provision system ,

However , the observation that the delivery time of a particular item from the Annexe depends very largely on how well the request for it fits in with the schedule of the van running between the Library and the Annexe , suggests that it might be helpful to readers if the van 's times of operation and the main pressmarks of outhoused material were advertised .
however , the observation that the delivery time of a particular item from the annexe depends very largely on how well the request for it fits in with the schedule of the van running between the library and the annexe , suggests that it might be helpful to readers if the van 's times of [use] and the main pressmarks of outhoused material were advertised .

The Joint Transport Operation ( with Oxfam ) which was formerly located in Desse , capital of the region of Walo in the north of the country , was relocated in Addis Ababba during the latter stages of the civil war .
the joint transport [use] ( with oxfam ) which was formerly located in desse , capital of the region of walo in the north of the country , was relocated in addis ababba during the latter stages of the civil war .

The Jakarta operation is geared up to serve protection coatings , marine , packaging and speciality industrial end-users .
the jakarta [use] is geared up to serve protection coatings , marine , packaging and speciality industrial end-users .

‘ Exceptional operation ’
‘ exceptional [use] ’

The move was an exceptional operation .
the move was an exceptional [use] .

We have shed the handicap of being in the middle of another company 's operation .
we have shed the handicap of being in the middle of another company 's [use] .

It is produced as a sheet or film in a single operation on a high technology coextrusion line .
it is produced as a sheet or film in a single [use] on a high technology coextrusion line .

Jan 's Grimsby colleague , who spoke to the proud dad shortly after the birth , said : ‘ Jan watched the operation and said everything went smoothly .
jan 's grimsby colleague , who spoke to the proud dad shortly after the birth , said : ‘ jan watched the [use] and said everything went smoothly .

The specialist weaving and coatings operation celebrated 150 days ( 300,000 hours ) without a lost time accident — their best performance to date .
the specialist weaving and coatings [use] celebrated 150 days ( 300,000 hours ) without a lost time accident — their best performance to date .

The Coventry operation makes spinnerettes used in the wet and dry-spun industry to produce viscose , acrylic and filter tow fibres .
the coventry [use] makes spinnerettes used in the wet and dry-spun industry to produce viscose , acrylic and filter tow fibres .

Courtaulds had explored the possibility of creating its own melt-spun operation but the capital investment required and the problems of market penetration suggested a collaboration deal was the best way forward .
courtaulds had explored the possibility of creating its own melt-spun [use] but the capital investment required and the problems of market penetration suggested a collaboration deal was the best way forward .

‘ Now the operation is commercial , we also help them with the purchasing of parts . ’
‘ now the [use] is commercial , we also help them with the purchasing of parts . ’

The transformation from an autonomous , self-contained operation to one which takes its part in a wider Group approach has involved fundamental change at every level of activity .
the transformation from an autonomous , self-contained [use] to one which takes its part in a wider group approach has involved fundamental change at every level of activity .

The April 1 marriage , which creates an operation with a £38 million turnover , will enable the business to access wider markets and develop on a broader front in continental Europe .
the april 1 marriage , which creates an [use] with a £38 million turnover , will enable the business to access wider markets and develop on a broader front in continental europe .

Based at Silvertown in London , the general industrial operation produces high volumes of wet paint for about 50 customers in specific market sectors .
based at silvertown in london , the general industrial [use] produces high volumes of wet paint for about 50 customers in specific market sectors .

Meanwhile Cromadex , the fast-growing area within Courtaulds Coatings , believes the merger is the route to expanding its low-volume fast delivery operation .
meanwhile cromadex , the fast-growing area within courtaulds coatings , believes the merger is the route to expanding its low-volume fast delivery [use] .

Employees and franchisees alike are now more highly committed , which has a positive effect on the entire operation .
employees and franchisees alike are now more highly committed , which has a positive effect on the entire [use] .

The ongoing development is continued in the story right up to the present day and it is very interesting to see the numerous designs which have been tried , tested and put into operation .
the ongoing development is continued in the story right up to the present day and it is very interesting to see the numerous designs which have been tried , tested and put into [use] .

Paul Warhurst is fighting to shrug off a thigh strain to join him while David Johnson has recovered from a cartilage operation and Francis himself is back in contention after a groin strain .
paul warhurst is fighting to shrug off a thigh strain to join him while david johnson has recovered from a cartilage [use] and francis himself is back in contention after a groin strain .

Laura 's life was saved by the 15-hour operation on June 10 after an appeal raised £350,000 , including £150,000 from King Fahd of Saudi Arabia .
laura 's life was saved by the 15-hour [use] on june 10 after an appeal raised £350,000 , including £150,000 from king fahd of saudi arabia .

The group recently purchased the Belton Woods hotel from receivers , while the off-licence operation benefitted from the acquisition of Blayneys chain which has been integrated into Cellar 5 .
the group recently purchased the belton woods hotel from receivers , while the off-licence [use] benefitted from the acquisition of blayneys chain which has been integrated into cellar 5 .

Twiggy 's health came into the spotlight recently , with at least one tabloid paper suggesting in banner headlines that she had undergone an operation to save her life .
twiggy 's health came into the spotlight recently , with at least one tabloid paper suggesting in banner headlines that she had undergone an [use] to save her life .

The Chelsea defender was stretchered off the Anfield turf on September 5 following a challenge with the former Reds ' striker , suffering cruciate ligament damage which required one operation , with further surgery likely .
the chelsea defender was stretchered off the anfield turf on september 5 following a challenge with the former reds ' striker , suffering cruciate ligament damage which required one [use] , with further surgery likely .

Leading marksman Brett Angell will be missing until February after a thigh operation and full-backs Dean Austin and Peter Butler have been sold .
leading marksman brett angell will be missing until february after a thigh [use] and full-backs dean austin and peter butler have been sold .

Leading marksman Brett Angell will be missing until February after a thigh operation and full-backs Dean Austin and Peter Butler have been sold .
leading marksman brett angell will be missing until february after a thigh [use] and full-backs dean austin and peter butler have been sold .

The surgeons thought that John Cleary , 25 , had a brain tumour and performed a delicate biopsy operation in an attempt to discover its extent .
the surgeons thought that john cleary , 25 , had a brain tumour and performed a delicate biopsy [use] in an attempt to discover its extent .

He said : ‘ They told me that the worst case scenario was that his brain would swell and he would have to have an operation .
he said : ‘ they told me that the worst case scenario was that his brain would swell and he would have to have an [use] .

Defender-turned-striker Paul Warhurst is fit and could well play alongside either Nigel Jemson , David Johnson in the running just three weeks after a cartilage operation or Watson , if he recovers .
defender-turned-striker paul warhurst is fit and could well play alongside either nigel jemson , david johnson in the running just three weeks after a cartilage [use] or watson , if he recovers .

We commit ourselves to the surgeon when we go into hospital for an operation ; we commit ourselves to the hairdresser , to the dentist and so on …
we commit ourselves to the surgeon when we go into hospital for an [use] ; we commit ourselves to the hairdresser , to the dentist and so on …

He underwent an operation on an injured thigh in the summer and will be missing until February .
he underwent an [use] on an injured thigh in the summer and will be missing until february .

He underwent an operation on an injured thigh in the summer and will be missing until February .
he underwent an [use] on an injured thigh in the summer and will be missing until february .

Unique operation in military history
unique [use] in military history

This was the first major operation to take the fight to the enemy and establish a new theatre of war in a place of our own choosing .
this was the first major [use] to take the fight to the enemy and establish a new theatre of war in a place of our own choosing .

It was and remains a unique operation in military history .
it was and remains a unique [use] in military history .

Last season he had a disc operation on his back .
last season he had a disc [use] on his back .

Operation Greenfinger volunteers can now tend the gardens and homes of the elderly and infirm .
[use] greenfinger volunteers can now tend the gardens and homes of the elderly and infirm .

‘ If we went into the consultation period , the operation of the pits would run down .
‘ if we went into the consultation period , the [use] of the pits would run down .

The jobs will affect workers in all parts of Brunner Mond 's Northwich operation .
the jobs will affect workers in all parts of brunner mond 's northwich [use] .

The company blames the job losses on the need to streamline their operation , but unions have labelled the move a ‘ ruthless attack on workers . ’
the company blames the job losses on the need to streamline their [use] , but unions have labelled the move a ‘ ruthless attack on workers . ’

‘ In order to help achieve that aim , a new business operating structure has been announced which will streamline the operation of each Brunner Mond business .
‘ in order to help achieve that aim , a new business operating structure has been announced which will streamline the [use] of each brunner mond business .

But on the other side of the Atlantic the company 's Shaws operation was hit by the depressed New England economy recession .
but on the other side of the atlantic the company 's shaws [use] was hit by the depressed new england economy recession .

Full back Phil Hardy came through yesterday 's match with no ill-effects following his recent heel operation and the 19-year old could come into contention for the visit to Lincoln City on Saturday .
full back phil hardy came through yesterday 's match with no ill-effects following his recent heel [use] and the 19-year old could come into contention for the visit to lincoln city on saturday .

She sang a couple of verses of Jingle Bells to Greek-born doctor Andy Tzakis , who led the surgical team which performed Laura 's double-transplant operation in a Pittsburgh hospital .
she sang a couple of verses of jingle bells to greek-born doctor andy tzakis , who led the surgical team which performed laura 's double-transplant [use] in a pittsburgh hospital .

In charge of the Manchester operation is its director Elwyn Owens .
in charge of the manchester [use] is its director elwyn owens .

They were trapped in the six-month , top-secret European-wide operation , which was co-ordinated by Liverpool 's trading standards office .
they were trapped in the six-month , top-secret european-wide [use] , which was co-ordinated by liverpool 's trading standards office .

But an inquest heard that the rupture in the blood vessel was not caused by the operation .
but an inquest heard that the rupture in the blood vessel was not caused by the [use] .

And he added : ‘ This aneurysm was in the most treacherous position in the whole of the brain for the purposes of an operation .
and he added : ‘ this aneurysm was in the most treacherous position in the whole of the brain for the purposes of an [use] .

Cheshire 's emergency services launched their Operation Cloudburst procedure for dealing with chemical emergencies .
cheshire 's emergency services launched their [use] cloudburst procedure for dealing with chemical emergencies .

Operation ‘ can make spectacles obsolete ’
[use] ‘ can make spectacles obsolete ’

6.22am : Attendance increased to 10 fire engines and Operation Cloudburst is declared .
6.22am : attendance increased to 10 fire engines and [use] cloudburst is declared .

British Coal spokesman Eddie Mardell said : ‘ The police operation has been a complete success .
british coal spokesman eddie mardell said : ‘ the police [use] has been a complete success .

The object of the operation was to ensure the man was brought out of the pit shaft without any harm to him or to any police officers or the workforce .
the object of the [use] was to ensure the man was brought out of the pit shaft without any harm to him or to any police officers or the workforce .

They were told to stay in their homes as emergency services launched a huge operation to put out the blaze and contain a cloud of smoke and fumes that threatened to spread across the Cheshire countryside .
they were told to stay in their homes as emergency services launched a huge [use] to put out the blaze and contain a cloud of smoke and fumes that threatened to spread across the cheshire countryside .

Laura was able to have the life-saving £350,000 operation carried out by the Pittsburg surgeons thanks to the generosity of King Fahd of Saudi Arabia .
laura was able to have the life-saving £350,000 [use] carried out by the pittsburg surgeons thanks to the generosity of king fahd of saudi arabia .

And he stressed it was unlikely an ‘ entire pattern of stability ’ could be set up for every operation .
and he stressed it was unlikely an ‘ entire pattern of stability ’ could be set up for every [use] .

Teenage full back Phil Hardy looks almost certain to regain his left back spot after missing the last 11 games because of a foot operation , with utility man Wayne Phillips reverting to a more familiar midfield role .
teenage full back phil hardy looks almost certain to regain his left back spot after missing the last 11 games because of a foot [use] , with utility man wayne phillips reverting to a more familiar midfield role .

This week she is at the Orthopaedic Hospital in Gobowen , near Oswestry , where she is undergoing an operation on her arm .
this week she is at the orthopaedic hospital in gobowen , near oswestry , where she is undergoing an [use] on her arm .

‘ We feel the operation has been reasonably successful but the approval of by-laws to control the type , use and number of vehicles on the foreshore must be a long-term priority .
‘ we feel the [use] has been reasonably successful but the approval of by-laws to control the type , use and number of vehicles on the foreshore must be a long-term priority .

Spokesman Steve Parker explained : ‘ Since setting up in 1988 we have started a franchising operation .
spokesman steve parker explained : ‘ since setting up in 1988 we have started a franchising [use] .

Without the operation , Laura , who had lived on a diet of liquid protein , would not have survived much longer .
without the [use] , laura , who had lived on a diet of liquid protein , would not have survived much longer .

Cheshire Fire Brigade who set up an emergency operation centre on site said the cloud had been taken by the prevailing wind east of Northwich .
cheshire fire brigade who set up an emergency [use] centre on site said the cloud had been taken by the prevailing wind east of northwich .

Davies , who has been told he must have an operation on his troublesome groin , must decide when he is to have the surgery .
davies , who has been told he must have an [use] on his troublesome groin , must decide when he is to have the surgery .

Cash from Wirral Council 's City Lands initiative is being pumped into major regeneration work , including a facelift operation at Victoria Place .
cash from wirral council 's city lands initiative is being pumped into major regeneration work , including a facelift [use] at victoria place .

Normidtec covers Halton , Vale Royal and Warrington and has been in operation for 18 months .
normidtec covers halton , vale royal and warrington and has been in [use] for 18 months .

The youngster , who had the operation in America after a public appeal raised the £350,000 needed , was being taken to visit her grandparents nearby .
the youngster , who had the [use] in america after a public appeal raised the £350,000 needed , was being taken to visit her grandparents nearby .

‘ In the event of that not happening the operation of the facility would have to be reexamined given the prohibitive costs of covering wagons .
‘ in the event of that not happening the [use] of the facility would have to be reexamined given the prohibitive costs of covering wagons .

Kelly , of Gainsborough Avenue , Maghull , was given a new liver in an operation at Kings College Hospital a week ago .
kelly , of gainsborough avenue , maghull , was given a new liver in an [use] at kings college hospital a week ago .

Ten days later , Falkenhayn was on the telephone himself , expressing the fear that the British were after all about to attempt a relief operation , ‘ and probably a landing attempt ’ It was hardly surprising that on April 17th Rupprecht — irritated and not keen to be involved in another of Falkenhayn 's half-measure offensives that he deplored — coolly declined his invitation to attack the British , pointing to the strong reinforcements now in the line .
ten days later , falkenhayn was on the telephone himself , expressing the fear that the british were after all about to attempt a relief [use] , ‘ and probably a landing attempt ’ it was hardly surprising that on april 17th rupprecht — irritated and not keen to be involved in another of falkenhayn 's half-measure offensives that he deplored — coolly declined his invitation to attack the british , pointing to the strong reinforcements now in the line .

Robin commented : ‘ The operation of the monthly audit has drawn the regional operations closer and assisted us in meeting even higher customer service standards .
robin commented : ‘ the [use] of the monthly audit has drawn the regional operations closer and assisted us in meeting even higher customer service standards .

Their top class operation was recognised recently with first place in northern region 's quarterly audit checks .
their top class [use] was recognised recently with first place in northern region 's quarterly audit checks .

If it goes as well as expected , decisions will have to be made this year on how best to scale up the operation and where to site the next expansion , he said .
if it goes as well as expected , decisions will have to be made this year on how best to scale up the [use] and where to site the next expansion , he said .

They were impressed by the eco-friendly solvent spinning operation , which starts with harvested woodpulp and uses chemicals which can be totally recycled .
they were impressed by the eco-friendly solvent spinning [use] , which starts with harvested woodpulp and uses chemicals which can be totally recycled .

‘ By adapting best practice observed elsewhere we have developed a distinctive operation in our market place . ’
‘ by adapting best practice observed elsewhere we have developed a distinctive [use] in our market place . ’

‘ The pharmaceutical industry now recognises Buckhaven as a top quality professional operation .
‘ the pharmaceutical industry now recognises buckhaven as a top quality professional [use] .

From the adventure emerged action plans to enable individual sites to develop the new culture , with techniques learned on Operation Challenge being cascaded down through employee ranks .
from the adventure emerged action plans to enable individual sites to develop the new culture , with techniques learned on [use] challenge being cascaded down through employee ranks .

Managers at Courtaulds Packaging 's Scotcell operation in Glasgow , Scotland , have been developing their team-building and leadership techniques via a training course that included rock climbing , diving and caving .
managers at courtaulds packaging 's scotcell [use] in glasgow , scotland , have been developing their team-building and leadership techniques via a training course that included rock climbing , diving and caving .

The Cromadex fast-paint operation has introduced a three-tier strategy to train its entire workforce .
the cromadex fast-paint [use] has introduced a three-tier strategy to train its entire workforce .

The 200-plus production workforce is organised into a shift pattern for the 24-hours-a-day , seven days a week operation .
the 200-plus production workforce is organised into a shift pattern for the 24-hours-a-day , seven days a week [use] .

Team leader : ‘ There is no doubt the operation is more efficient .
team leader : ‘ there is no doubt the [use] is more efficient .

But behind the scenes it is one operation , with Taubmans and Cromadex staff interchanging job functions .
but behind the scenes it is one [use] , with taubmans and cromadex staff interchanging job functions .

Accountants administrator was with the Mantes operation in the Rhone-Poulenc days , moving to Mantes from Paris to enjoy the countryside .
accountants administrator was with the mantes [use] in the rhone-poulenc days , moving to mantes from paris to enjoy the countryside .

This is because of the operation of the so-called ‘ black ’ or underground economy .
this is because of the [use] of the so-called ‘ black ’ or underground economy .

it comes into operation for any autonomous change in spending .
it comes into [use] for any autonomous change in spending .

Once again , the multiplier will come into operation and the equilibrium level of income and employment will rise .
once again , the multiplier will come into [use] and the equilibrium level of income and employment will rise .

Catering manager Jim Buchan commented : ‘ We provide a snack service as well as hot meals and we run the vending operation for the yard . ’
catering manager jim buchan commented : ‘ we provide a snack service as well as hot meals and we run the vending [use] for the yard . ’

‘ It 's concerned with making everything about the business be about quality — from the quality of the management process , the quality of the way the operation works to the quality of manufactured products .
‘ it 's concerned with making everything about the business be about quality — from the quality of the management process , the quality of the way the [use] works to the quality of manufactured products .

It is this operation that George Ewart , general manager for Chemical Products , describes as a giant chemistry set .
it is this [use] that george ewart , general manager for chemical products , describes as a giant chemistry set .

We also place great importance on developing a child 's self-confidence , respect , co- operation and communication skills .
we also place great importance on developing a child 's self-confidence , respect , co- [use] and communication skills .

Overseeing the operation were .
overseeing the [use] were .

There was plenty of competition too for the Shildon operation before it secured the paint contract .
there was plenty of competition too for the shildon [use] before it secured the paint contract .

The task was a challenging one , covering an operation which produces 70 different types of film on a large , complex site .
the task was a challenging one , covering an [use] which produces 70 different types of film on a large , complex site .

Accreditation follows Courtaulds Engineering 's certification early in 1991 for its project management operation .
accreditation follows courtaulds engineering 's certification early in 1991 for its project management [use] .

An operations director , for example might be expected to understand the characteristics of a world-class manufacturing operation — stage four — while a shift manager may be required to understand thoroughly his or her own process — stage one .
an operations director , for example might be expected to understand the characteristics of a world-class manufacturing [use] — stage four — while a shift manager may be required to understand thoroughly his or her own process — stage one .

Replace separate marine and yacht , protective and industrial coatings businesses with one integrated operation .
replace separate marine and yacht , protective and industrial coatings businesses with one integrated [use] .

But the plan is to acquire a new facility comprising warehouse and offices near Düsseldorft , and for the Bremen office to close so the whole operation comes under one roof .
but the plan is to acquire a new facility comprising warehouse and offices near düsseldorft , and for the bremen office to close so the whole [use] comes under one roof .

The new centre will enable the German aircraft makers to focus on a local German-run operation .
the new centre will enable the german aircraft makers to focus on a local german-run [use] .

France is the biggest single market in Europe where the company has its own operation with stock holding to ensure top quality service to customers .
france is the biggest single market in europe where the company has its own [use] with stock holding to ensure top quality service to customers .

In this instance the role is to enhance the purity in an intermediate supplied by a third party , an operation crucial to the success of the product .
in this instance the role is to enhance the purity in an intermediate supplied by a third party , an [use] crucial to the success of the product .

Seven years ago Norman decided their exploits needed to be remembered and started compiling a record of all former cadets who took part in the Anglo-American training operation .
seven years ago norman decided their exploits needed to be remembered and started compiling a record of all former cadets who took part in the anglo-american training [use] .

Corrosion in pipework has been blamed for a gas escape which triggered the operation cloudburst emergency plan in February .
corrosion in pipework has been blamed for a gas escape which triggered the [use] cloudburst emergency plan in february .

‘ The cracker and its offsites are equipped with flare stacks for safety of operation , ’ explained Mike .
‘ the cracker and its offsites are equipped with flare stacks for safety of [use] , ’ explained mike .

Another difficulty arises because , although the semiconducting diodes used in this type of circuit pass quite negligible current under reverse bias , they do drop an appreciable potential difference of a few tenths of a volt in typical operation under forward bias .
another difficulty arises because , although the semiconducting diodes used in this type of circuit pass quite negligible current under reverse bias , they do drop an appreciable potential difference of a few tenths of a volt in typical [use] under forward bias .

Although the electrodynamometer is free of hysteresis , it is insensitive unless the coils have a large number of turns which makes both the resistance and inductance high , the latter severely restricting the frequency range of operation .
although the electrodynamometer is free of hysteresis , it is insensitive unless the coils have a large number of turns which makes both the resistance and inductance high , the latter severely restricting the frequency range of [use] .

For these reasons it is seldom used for current measurement nowadays but it does find application in a modified form of operation that enables electrical power to be measured in both direct and alternating-current circuits at frequencies up to a few hundred hertz .
for these reasons it is seldom used for current measurement nowadays but it does find application in a modified form of [use] that enables electrical power to be measured in both direct and alternating-current circuits at frequencies up to a few hundred hertz .

To overcome the capacitive shorting problem , potential dividers for operation at high frequencies or for handling pulses are usually constructed as indicated in figure 8.1 ( d ) .
to overcome the capacitive shorting problem , potential dividers for [use] at high frequencies or for handling pulses are usually constructed as indicated in figure 8.1 ( d ) .

While the Z-parameters relevant to low-frequency operation may be obtained from static characteristics , they may be determined at any frequency by measuring certain small signals of the network under suitable open-circuit conditions .
while the z-parameters relevant to low-frequency [use] may be obtained from static characteristics , they may be determined at any frequency by measuring certain small signals of the network under suitable open-circuit conditions .

An ideal operational amplifier would at all frequencies exhibit infinite gain , no electrical noise , zero output impedance and infinite input impedance so that the mathematical operation would be completely determined by the feedback network .
an ideal operational amplifier would at all frequencies exhibit infinite gain , no electrical noise , zero output impedance and infinite input impedance so that the mathematical [use] would be completely determined by the feedback network .

To understand the operation of these multivibrators or relaxation oscillators , consider first the comparator shown in figure 10.14 ( a ) from which they can be derived .
to understand the [use] of these multivibrators or relaxation oscillators , consider first the comparator shown in figure 10.14 ( a ) from which they can be derived .

Expressing the operation of inverse Laplace transformation by , particularly useful results are where the first three represent the inverse forms of equations ( 11.27 ) , ( 11.28 ) and ( 11.29 ) obtained in the previous section .
expressing the [use] of inverse laplace transformation by , particularly useful results are where the first three represent the inverse forms of equations ( 11.27 ) , ( 11.28 ) and ( 11.29 ) obtained in the previous section .

Perkins Diesels found this to be a problem with their sales team after commissioning market research to identify strengths and weaknesses of their sales and marketing operation ( Reed , 1983 ) , but it is by no means confined to this sector .
perkins diesels found this to be a problem with their sales team after commissioning market research to identify strengths and weaknesses of their sales and marketing [use] ( reed , 1983 ) , but it is by no means confined to this sector .

It is not the purpose of this chapter to examine the detailed operation of sales incentive schemes as this is covered later in the sales management section ( Part Four ) .
it is not the purpose of this chapter to examine the detailed [use] of sales incentive schemes as this is covered later in the sales management section ( part four ) .

surplus arising out of the operation to be distributed to members in proportion to their purchases ; this was originally distributed through dividends , later it was paid through trading stamps but is now being increasingly abandoned in favour of lower prices ;
surplus arising out of the [use] to be distributed to members in proportion to their purchases ; this was originally distributed through dividends , later it was paid through trading stamps but is now being increasingly abandoned in favour of lower prices ;

professional drain clearing through the franchise operation ‘ Dynorod ’ ) .
professional drain clearing through the franchise [use] ‘ dynorod ’ ) .

Selling needs public relations to assist it in its everyday operation and selling is often called upon to disseminate a public relations message .
selling needs public relations to assist it in its everyday [use] and selling is often called upon to disseminate a public relations message .

The selling operation within the United Kingdom is essentially direct to the end user , and the machines undercut equivalent popular makes of machine by 10 to 15 per cent .
the selling [use] within the united kingdom is essentially direct to the end user , and the machines undercut equivalent popular makes of machine by 10 to 15 per cent .

In which areas of operation and marketing is it more costly , and in which is it less costly , when adopting this direct type of distribution arrangement ?
in which areas of [use] and marketing is it more costly , and in which is it less costly , when adopting this direct type of distribution arrangement ?

They are also used by larger firms who are only marginally involved in smaller markets , or use export houses until such markets have expanded sufficiently to warrant their own overseas operation .
they are also used by larger firms who are only marginally involved in smaller markets , or use export houses until such markets have expanded sufficiently to warrant their own overseas [use] .

The operation went smoothly and Catering Managers Ian Cameron and John Dunn are now looking after 350 persons on board the Safe Holmia rising to 440 at peak , whilst on the Port Royal , John Turner and Ian Ross are looking after 175 people .
the [use] went smoothly and catering managers ian cameron and john dunn are now looking after 350 persons on board the safe holmia rising to 440 at peak , whilst on the port royal , john turner and ian ross are looking after 175 people .

Our London operation , set up in the West End , moved to City Road earlier this year .
our london [use] , set up in the west end , moved to city road earlier this year .

Teamwork is paramount in any sphere of operation but something which has not always been evident in the past .
teamwork is paramount in any sphere of [use] but something which has not always been evident in the past .

Temporary traffic lights will be in operation during the main laying , to ensure the working area is safe for road users , pedestrians and gas engineers .
temporary traffic lights will be in [use] during the main laying , to ensure the working area is safe for road users , pedestrians and gas engineers .

The Corrective Action took two forms — formal monitoring of the beard blower 's operation and increased awareness of the complaint through publicity .
the corrective action took two forms — formal monitoring of the beard blower 's [use] and increased awareness of the complaint through publicity .

Phworgh ! That 's without the operation .
phworgh ! that 's without the [use] .

They have insist operation now
they have insist [use] now

They sent this thing through costs twelve pounds in a third world country to to have a cataract operation .
they sent this thing through costs twelve pounds in a third world country to to have a cataract [use] .

Major operation !
major [use] !

Into operation .
into [use] .

Cos then Mike ought to see your operation as
cos then mike ought to see your [use] as

But you see , you 've got the potential to do a big opera a bigger operation .
but you see , you 've got the potential to do a big opera a bigger [use] .

Yeah , and you make a totally , you make a totally different erm it 's , it in one sort of minor operation if you like , alright , minor to a
yeah , and you make a totally , you make a totally different erm it 's , it in one sort of minor [use] if you like , alright , minor to a

But once he 's , once he 's resigned himself to that , he 's then got ta look at that operation next door and he must be losing money hand over fist for the amount of space it is .
but once he 's , once he 's resigned himself to that , he 's then got ta look at that [use] next door and he must be losing money hand over fist for the amount of space it is .

When 's it in operation .
when 's it in [use] .

Operation dig up !
[use] dig up !

got to go to the hospital , he 's going to see a friend that 's had operation and er so he wants to be out at half past six so
got to go to the hospital , he 's going to see a friend that 's had [use] and er so he wants to be out at half past six so

When did he have his operation ?
when did he have his [use] ?

he says er , it 's a big operation that
he says er , it 's a big [use] that

Moving one of the world 's biggest bands around on a tour of this size is a massive operation .
moving one of the world 's biggest bands around on a tour of this size is a massive [use] .

It is two-channel in normal operation , with balanced quarter-inch jack inputs ( the dearer Pro Gate has balanced XLRs , but is essentially the same machine ) , and each channel has a sidechain facility .
it is two-channel in normal [use] , with balanced quarter-inch jack inputs ( the dearer pro gate has balanced xlrs , but is essentially the same machine ) , and each channel has a sidechain facility .

Whether the fish enjoy this operation is another matter , — bear this in mind when stirring up silt and syphoning it out .
whether the fish enjoy this [use] is another matter , — bear this in mind when stirring up silt and syphoning it out .

Successful operation depends on the amount of food fed to the bacteria that convert nitrates into free nitrogen .
successful [use] depends on the amount of food fed to the bacteria that convert nitrates into free nitrogen .

Now we 've got the technology from the violin string department to wind the string and polish it all in one operation and we 're getting a brighter-sounding string than before , so we 've started marketing them again .
now we 've got the technology from the violin string department to wind the string and polish it all in one [use] and we 're getting a brighter-sounding string than before , so we 've started marketing them again .

The TriAxis offers three basic modes of operation ( Rhythm , Lead 1 and Lead 2 ) and each of these is broken down into two or three sub-groups , making eight modes ( or if you prefer , tonalities ) in total .
the triaxis offers three basic modes of [use] ( rhythm , lead 1 and lead 2 ) and each of these is broken down into two or three sub-groups , making eight modes ( or if you prefer , tonalities ) in total .

An electric hand operated drill is not sufficient for this operation ; you can find your holes out by ″ or more !
an electric hand operated drill is not sufficient for this [use] ; you can find your holes out by ″ or more !

Operation of the D-type bistable may be illustrated using the circuit shown in Fig .
[use] of the d-type bistable may be illustrated using the circuit shown in fig .

After building the 2-bit latch , connect the battery and check operation by setting up a binary number such as 10 .
after building the 2-bit latch , connect the battery and check [use] by setting up a binary number such as 10 .

This is commonly done where information needs to be transferred from one computer to another as in banking or for the operation of a fax machine .
this is commonly done where information needs to be transferred from one computer to another as in banking or for the [use] of a fax machine .

Any components which become hot in normal operation , e.g .
any components which become hot in normal [use] , e.g .

None of the components in this design get unduly hot during operation , we do not need to worry about leaving ample space for a heatsink .
none of the components in this design get unduly hot during [use] , we do not need to worry about leaving ample space for a heatsink .

If the retailers catalogue or other literature does not specifically state that a mains transformer is suitable for this parallel operation , it should be assumed that it is unsuitable for use in this manner .
if the retailers catalogue or other literature does not specifically state that a mains transformer is suitable for this parallel [use] , it should be assumed that it is unsuitable for use in this manner .

With parallel operation the output voltage is equal to the voltage rating of one winding , or 6 volts in this case .
with parallel [use] the output voltage is equal to the voltage rating of one winding , or 6 volts in this case .

Implementing a practical bar code system is slightly more difficult than you might think , as anyone who saw one of the early commercial systems in operation will no doubt have realised .
implementing a practical bar code system is slightly more difficult than you might think , as anyone who saw one of the early commercial systems in [use] will no doubt have realised .

Next in line is a separate volume control for the clean sound , giving a sort of pseudo-twin channel operation .
next in line is a separate volume control for the clean sound , giving a sort of pseudo-twin channel [use] .

The straight ratio mode ( hard knee combined with peak operation ) is really quite flexible in adding punch to drums and bass , and the midway setting on all the controls is the most sensible place to start .
the straight ratio mode ( hard knee combined with peak [use] ) is really quite flexible in adding punch to drums and bass , and the midway setting on all the controls is the most sensible place to start .

An urgent operation was necessary to save his life .
an urgent [use] was necessary to save his life .

To what extent boys were conscious of the loss of love — in its practical and immediate manifestation — is impossible to say : mechanisms of denial come quickly into operation to deal with such enormities .
to what extent boys were conscious of the loss of love — in its practical and immediate manifestation — is impossible to say : mechanisms of denial come quickly into [use] to deal with such enormities .

One obstacle has been the obsessive discretion of their methods of operation , so appropriately reflecting the imperial mystique which inspired them ; another has been a certain scholarly reluctance to welcome the suggestion that this informal study group composed of intellectuals and men of affairs , who almost never held elective office , and who indeed generally despised it , exercised any significant influence at all .
one obstacle has been the obsessive discretion of their methods of [use] , so appropriately reflecting the imperial mystique which inspired them ; another has been a certain scholarly reluctance to welcome the suggestion that this informal study group composed of intellectuals and men of affairs , who almost never held elective office , and who indeed generally despised it , exercised any significant influence at all .

Only twenty-two months of the sentence were served , Gandhi being released from prison when his health broke down after an operation for appendicitis .
only twenty-two months of the sentence were served , gandhi being released from prison when his health broke down after an [use] for appendicitis .

Since Kirsty had been feeling quite confident before the operation and yet that feeling had disappeared immediately after surgery , it seemed that something must have taken place in the theatre itself .
since kirsty had been feeling quite confident before the [use] and yet that feeling had disappeared immediately after surgery , it seemed that something must have taken place in the theatre itself .

Conversation consisted mostly of routine theatre talk — the request for instruments or comment upon the operation itself .
conversation consisted mostly of routine theatre talk — the request for instruments or comment upon the [use] itself .

All she had been told when she came round after the anaesthetic was that there had been a few complications and the operation had taken rather longer than had been expected .
all she had been told when she came round after the anaesthetic was that there had been a few complications and the [use] had taken rather longer than had been expected .

Her subconscious had registered and clung on to those unfortunate comments made during the course of the operation .
her subconscious had registered and clung on to those unfortunate comments made during the course of the [use] .

Time the whole operation carefully , watching the fish for signs of distress .
time the whole [use] carefully , watching the fish for signs of distress .

Advantages : Quiet in operation .
advantages : quiet in [use] .

delay line that has been designed specifically for operation in reverberation circuits .
delay line that has been designed specifically for [use] in reverberation circuits .

This unit is intended for operation with high level input signals of around one volt r.m.s .
this unit is intended for [use] with high level input signals of around one volt r.m.s .

Many budget-priced car alarms have no visual indication that they are in operation and an additional flashing light could draw attention to this fact .
many budget-priced car alarms have no visual indication that they are in [use] and an additional flashing light could draw attention to this fact .

Battery operation is , therefore , a logical requirement .
battery [use] is , therefore , a logical requirement .

Principles of operation are described so that users can develop their own driver software if they wish .
principles of [use] are described so that users can develop their own driver software if they wish .

The operation of the switching system and the filter network has already been explained .
the [use] of the switching system and the filter network has already been explained .

Because of the high frequency of operation , there can be considerable r.f .
because of the high frequency of [use] , there can be considerable r.f .

The reason is that many everyday sounds — such as keys being dropped on the floor — contain ultrasonic frequencies and these can cause spurious operation .
the reason is that many everyday sounds — such as keys being dropped on the floor — contain ultrasonic frequencies and these can cause spurious [use] .

Before the Digital Servo Interface is described it may be worth looking at the principles of operation of these model servos .
before the digital servo interface is described it may be worth looking at the principles of [use] of these model servos .

However , the unit is intended for use out-of-doors when it should provide ‘ hum-free ’ operation .
however , the unit is intended for use out-of-doors when it should provide ‘ hum-free ’ [use] .

Now in its 25th year , the Crisis Open Christmas campaign has evolved from being a small-scale soup kitchen into an extremely sophisticated operation .
now in its 25th year , the crisis open christmas campaign has evolved from being a small-scale soup kitchen into an extremely sophisticated [use] .

The rail link has gone and the family firm which provided the public services was absorbed into the East Yorkshire Motor Services , who are still in operation .
the rail link has gone and the family firm which provided the public services was absorbed into the east yorkshire motor services , who are still in [use] .

On occasion it is put into operation producing stone-ground flour for sale to visitors .
on occasion it is put into [use] producing stone-ground flour for sale to visitors .

The government envisaged the mapping as being a simple , progressive operation which only required to be undertaken once , and the sooner the better .
the government envisaged the mapping as being a simple , progressive [use] which only required to be undertaken once , and the sooner the better .

The Treasury gave permission in 1971 for work to commence and the building operation started in the autumn .
the treasury gave permission in 1971 for work to commence and the building [use] started in the autumn .

When she was thirty-six , she had had an operation to repair a uterine prolapse .
when she was thirty-six , she had had an [use] to repair a uterine prolapse .

During the operation , unfortunately , one of her ureters ( the tube which takes the urine from the kidney to the bladder ) was nicked and the surgeon had no option but to transplant that ureter into the bowel .
during the [use] , unfortunately , one of her ureters ( the tube which takes the urine from the kidney to the bladder ) was nicked and the surgeon had no option but to transplant that ureter into the bowel .

These regulatory agencies are increasingly faced with transnational adversaries who are capable of shifting their main base of operation — or if that is too drastic , their illegal activities at least — to other countries where laws against such behaviour do not exist , or if they do , where enforcement is even more lax .
these regulatory agencies are increasingly faced with transnational adversaries who are capable of shifting their main base of [use] — or if that is too drastic , their illegal activities at least — to other countries where laws against such behaviour do not exist , or if they do , where enforcement is even more lax .

If employees , consumers , and other corporate victims had their awareness sharpened and supported by trade unionism , consumerism , and environmentalism , and if the state and legal institutions could be shamed into closing the gap between lofty principles and tawdry practices , then some of these old ideas could be put into effective operation .
if employees , consumers , and other corporate victims had their awareness sharpened and supported by trade unionism , consumerism , and environmentalism , and if the state and legal institutions could be shamed into closing the gap between lofty principles and tawdry practices , then some of these old ideas could be put into effective [use] .

‘ He ought to go to Sanderstown right away and have an operation for arthrodesis by a proper orthopaedic surgeon .
‘ he ought to go to sanderstown right away and have an [use] for arthrodesis by a proper orthopaedic surgeon .

The drug squad launched a massive operation costing £17,000 and resulting in 112 arrests — some made by ‘ rozzers ’ disguised as hippies !
the drug squad launched a massive [use] costing £17,000 and resulting in 112 arrests — some made by ‘ rozzers ’ disguised as hippies !

Irdial Records , B12-Musicology and the new Rephlex operation are already major forces but so far remain very much — to coin Underground Resistance 's slogan — ‘ Music for those who know ’ .
irdial records , b12-musicology and the new rephlex [use] are already major forces but so far remain very much — to coin underground resistance 's slogan — ‘ music for those who know ’ .

The Liverpudlian trio have sold their souls to post-punk mayhem ( with an injection of screeching rockabilly ) and the operation is almost a success .
the liverpudlian trio have sold their souls to post-punk mayhem ( with an injection of screeching rockabilly ) and the [use] is almost a success .

Both cars are supported in proper metal slings , and while a safety gear is provided under each , this is not connected up for operation owing to the small size of the model .
both cars are supported in proper metal slings , and while a safety gear is provided under each , this is not connected up for [use] owing to the small size of the model .

But the pains have continued to trouble him and now surgeons feel an operation is the only answer .
but the pains have continued to trouble him and now surgeons feel an [use] is the only answer .

The money we spent on the operation was worth it .
the money we spent on the [use] was worth it .

The City players collected almost £1,000 to enable Lisa Johnson to join Lake in Los Angeles where he is recovering from a transplant operation on his knee .
the city players collected almost £1,000 to enable lisa johnson to join lake in los angeles where he is recovering from a transplant [use] on his knee .

Although in non-stop pain , he has put off the operation until the Formula One championship season is over .
although in non-stop pain , he has put off the [use] until the formula one championship season is over .

Taylor may recall that Gazza returned from a double-hernia operation to win a high-tension match for Spurs at Wembley inside the first 15 minutes .
taylor may recall that gazza returned from a double-hernia [use] to win a high-tension match for spurs at wembley inside the first 15 minutes .

Liverpool kept the operation a closely-guarded secret but the 30-year-old Whelan , who had sore muscle tissue removed from his right thigh , was released from a Merseyside hospital yesterday .
liverpool kept the [use] a closely-guarded secret but the 30-year-old whelan , who had sore muscle tissue removed from his right thigh , was released from a merseyside hospital yesterday .

It 's not surprising that the Maktowm brothers are considering trimming their operation , but they will still have a huge stake here .
it 's not surprising that the maktowm brothers are considering trimming their [use] , but they will still have a huge stake here .

Was it suicide ? Was it murder ? Dolezal decides to play detective in a one man undercover operation , wandering naively into deathtrap after deathtrap .
was it suicide ? was it murder ? dolezal decides to play detective in a one man undercover [use] , wandering naively into deathtrap after deathtrap .

But my father died from cancer following a ‘ successful ’ operation in 1936 and my mother died in 1963 after another .
but my father died from cancer following a ‘ successful ’ [use] in 1936 and my mother died in 1963 after another .

There is , as yet , no system in operation which allows your competence to be assessed to a national standard , and it will be left to the discretion of your service manager , and course tutors if you have undertaken a back to nursing course , to decide whether you are ready to return , or what additional guidance or preparation you may need to bring you up to the required standard .
there is , as yet , no system in [use] which allows your competence to be assessed to a national standard , and it will be left to the discretion of your service manager , and course tutors if you have undertaken a back to nursing course , to decide whether you are ready to return , or what additional guidance or preparation you may need to bring you up to the required standard .

She timed this operation very carefully , applying the glue just as her father was getting up from the breakfast table .
she timed this [use] very carefully , applying the glue just as her father was getting up from the breakfast table .

Letter segmentation and recognition were effectively combined into a single operation by Tappert ( Tappert , 1982 ) who matched segments against stored letter prototypes and evaluated recognition at all possible segmentations .
letter segmentation and recognition were effectively combined into a single [use] by tappert ( tappert , 1982 ) who matched segments against stored letter prototypes and evaluated recognition at all possible segmentations .

This difference leads to different methods of operation and potential for success .
this difference leads to different methods of [use] and potential for success .

First Division newcomers Birmingham City will be without midfielder Ian Rodgerson for the first two months of the season while he recovers from a groin operation .
first division newcomers birmingham city will be without midfielder ian rodgerson for the first two months of the season while he recovers from a groin [use] .

Cottee suffered an operation on a torn cartilage in May and last week needed a new operation on the same knee .
cottee suffered an [use] on a torn cartilage in may and last week needed a new [use] on the same knee .

Liverpool were without Rob Jones ( stomach bug ) and Michael Thomas ( bruised leg ) , but were boosted by the news that defender David Burrows will not need a cartilage operation .
liverpool were without rob jones ( stomach bug ) and michael thomas ( bruised leg ) , but were boosted by the news that defender david burrows will not need a cartilage [use] .

Winger Steve McManaman , still working his way back to full fitness after a knee operation , is definitely out — and there 's a big doubt over right back Rob Jones , who has a virus .
winger steve mcmanaman , still working his way back to full fitness after a knee [use] , is definitely out — and there 's a big doubt over right back rob jones , who has a virus .

The whizzkid winger missed all the build-up games while he recovered from a summer knee operation , but he has been included in a 15-man squad .
the whizzkid winger missed all the build-up games while he recovered from a summer knee [use] , but he has been included in a 15-man squad .

Now he 's preparing to enlarge his breasts and have a £6,000 operation to have his ‘ thing ’ removed … so his dream can come true .
now he 's preparing to enlarge his breasts and have a £6,000 [use] to have his ‘ thing ’ removed … so his dream can come true .

Homes and offices in Lancashire , Merseyside and Cheshire were raided at dawn in a swoop codenamed Operation Ash .
homes and offices in lancashire , merseyside and cheshire were raided at dawn in a swoop codenamed [use] ash .

Twenty seven men and women were arrested in dawn raids as Operation Mensa closed the net after ten months of undercover investigation into the London-based syndicate .
twenty seven men and women were arrested in dawn raids as [use] mensa closed the net after ten months of undercover investigation into the london-based syndicate .

Australian Sarah Key was called in to help him regain full use of his knee after his cartilage operation last week .
australian sarah key was called in to help him regain full use of his knee after his cartilage [use] last week .

They removed malignant tissue from his prostate during an operation last Friday .
they removed malignant tissue from his prostate during an [use] last friday .

The British police can not work in Greece , so the Mirror agreed to help in a secret operation to investigate the sightings .
the british police can not work in greece , so the mirror agreed to help in a secret [use] to investigate the sightings .

Last night Clare 's parents were at her hospital bedside as she recovered after an operation on her horrific wounds .
last night clare 's parents were at her hospital bedside as she recovered after an [use] on her horrific wounds .

The operation — codenamed Green Ice — pulled in top brass from the Mafia and the feared Colombian drug cartels .
the [use] — codenamed green ice — pulled in top brass from the mafia and the feared colombian drug cartels .

He had failed to recover fully from a major heart by-pass operation .
he had failed to recover fully from a major heart by-pass [use] .

Detectives arrested the suspect after a five-day undercover operation .
detectives arrested the suspect after a five-day undercover [use] .

The symbol swap will involve a £200,000 operation to launch an international design competition .
the symbol swap will involve a £200,000 [use] to launch an international design competition .

The police operation is believed to have begun more than five weeks ago
the police [use] is believed to have begun more than five weeks ago

Jean Savage , 48 , of West Kingsdown , Kent — the ‘ Lady Goldfinger ’ of the operation — got five years .
jean savage , 48 , of west kingsdown , kent — the ‘ lady goldfinger ’ of the [use] — got five years .

Plucky Steven had to have another operation .
plucky steven had to have another [use] .

Steven , of Haworth , West Yorks , had the first operation at Sheffield Children 's Hospital two years ago .
steven , of haworth , west yorks , had the first [use] at sheffield children 's hospital two years ago .

Friends have chipped in to raise £7,000 to pay for the delicate operation .
friends have chipped in to raise £7,000 to pay for the delicate [use] .

The operation could cost up to £250,000 .
the [use] could cost up to £250,000 .

Vet Steve Gillian told David and Pauline Drury and their 16-year-old twins , Beverley and Paul , the cat would have to be put down if it did not have the operation .
vet steve gillian told david and pauline drury and their 16-year-old twins , beverley and paul , the cat would have to be put down if it did not have the [use] .

And after a five-hour operation , brave Wendy was ‘ going along just fine ’ yesterday .
and after a five-hour [use] , brave wendy was ‘ going along just fine ’ yesterday .

Eighty-year-old Ivy 's gnashers were lost by Southend hospital when she had a hip operation .
eighty-year-old ivy 's gnashers were lost by southend hospital when she had a hip [use] .

Fran — who flew Laura to the States for her life-saving liver and bowel operation — could not wait to ring home to Eccles , Manchester .
fran — who flew laura to the states for her life-saving liver and bowel [use] — could not wait to ring home to eccles , manchester .

Still , there 's nothing secretive or lacking in discussion on the new laws in operation — and how refreshing to mention something that does not invoke the subject of money .
still , there 's nothing secretive or lacking in discussion on the new laws in [use] — and how refreshing to mention something that does not invoke the subject of money .

In Perth in 1991 there were 162 teams taking part but Bryan O'Neill , the director of the Irish operation , has already received entries for 144 teams — and there are still 12 months to go .
in perth in 1991 there were 162 teams taking part but bryan o'neill , the director of the irish [use] , has already received entries for 144 teams — and there are still 12 months to go .

‘ The Inspirals look like they 've just had a charisma bypass operation . ’
‘ the inspirals look like they 've just had a charisma bypass [use] . ’

The operation left her depressed , and she continued to pester Kennedy about it — until he decided to take action .
the [use] left her depressed , and she continued to pester kennedy about it — until he decided to take action .

‘ We have a big operation down there .
‘ we have a big [use] down there .

The costs and confusions inflicted by the twin-site operation were huge .
the costs and confusions inflicted by the twin-site [use] were huge .

The success of News on Sunday in financial terms does not depend on this outmoded politically sterile model of operation .
the success of news on sunday in financial terms does not depend on this outmoded politically sterile model of [use] .

The operation was run on a ‘ me too ’ basis , so Greenwich , for example , was only to be approached after Haringey and Newham had committed themselves .
the [use] was run on a ‘ me too ’ basis , so greenwich , for example , was only to be approached after haringey and newham had committed themselves .

The fight over appointments became more and more bitter and added to the all-engulfing problems of Christine Jackson 's recruiting operation , with its Equal Opportunities commitments .
the fight over appointments became more and more bitter and added to the all-engulfing problems of christine jackson 's recruiting [use] , with its equal opportunities commitments .

Within the company 's warehousing and distribution operation , which accounts for 75 per cent of the company 's employees , the majority opted to stay in London .
within the company 's warehousing and distribution [use] , which accounts for 75 per cent of the company 's employees , the majority opted to stay in london .

The move took place in two stages with the north London sites relocating first in 1982 and the Kent-based operation transferring to Stevenage in the summer of 1983 .
the move took place in two stages with the north london sites relocating first in 1982 and the kent-based [use] transferring to stevenage in the summer of 1983 .

There is no point in having a law forbidding such wars which outlaw such events as the recent Tanzanian intervention in Uganda , an event which was met by a stunning silence from the international community insofar as the evident illegality of the operation was concerned .
there is no point in having a law forbidding such wars which outlaw such events as the recent tanzanian intervention in uganda , an event which was met by a stunning silence from the international community insofar as the evident illegality of the [use] was concerned .

It does not go so far to ensure proportionality as other variants , but would involve the least departure from the existing system , would retain single-member constituencies which many regard as being a valuable feature of the present system , and would be much the simplest to understand in operation .
it does not go so far to ensure proportionality as other variants , but would involve the least departure from the existing system , would retain single-member constituencies which many regard as being a valuable feature of the present system , and would be much the simplest to understand in [use] .

Sometimes a family crisis such as the wife 's admission to hospital for an operation , or confinement , when mother-in-law comes to the rescue and willingly takes over the housekeeping , will draw them together , and help them to value each other as people for the first time ; but more often it is a gradual process , the slow demolition of long-held prejudices .
sometimes a family crisis such as the wife 's admission to hospital for an [use] , or confinement , when mother-in-law comes to the rescue and willingly takes over the housekeeping , will draw them together , and help them to value each other as people for the first time ; but more often it is a gradual process , the slow demolition of long-held prejudices .

Jean-Antoine Chaptal ( 1756–1832 ) from whom the operation of assisting the grape must , chaptalisation , derives its name , was a brilliant chemist and technocrat who served Napoleon as minister of the interior from 1800 to 1805 .
jean-antoine chaptal ( 1756–1832 ) from whom the [use] of assisting the grape must , chaptalisation , derives its name , was a brilliant chemist and technocrat who served napoleon as minister of the interior from 1800 to 1805 .

With no trouble in selling their products , Champagne houses should have been heartened by such healthy expansion , but theirs was a labour-intensive business , where every bottle produced was taken through each stage of a complex operation by hand .
with no trouble in selling their products , champagne houses should have been heartened by such healthy expansion , but theirs was a labour-intensive business , where every bottle produced was taken through each stage of a complex [use] by hand .

Anybody seeing this operation in the modern bottling halls of Champagne houses today will find it difficult to imagine that it was in regular use a hundred years ago , yet the two pioneers of the à la glace system , Moët & Chandon and Perrier Jouët , both introduced the process in 1891 , independently of each other , and five years before it was patented by Walfart on 14 November 1896 .
anybody seeing this [use] in the modern bottling halls of champagne houses today will find it difficult to imagine that it was in regular use a hundred years ago , yet the two pioneers of the à la glace system , moët & chandon and perrier jouët , both introduced the process in 1891 , independently of each other , and five years before it was patented by walfart on 14 november 1896 .

Costly and time-consuming ( the operation was unfinished at the outbreak of the First World War ) , it was nonetheless essential .
costly and time-consuming ( the [use] was unfinished at the outbreak of the first world war ) , it was nonetheless essential .

It also allows the vigneron easier access to the vineyard and to the vine , enabling him to carry out his next operation , the scattering of fertiliser pellets .
it also allows the vigneron easier access to the vineyard and to the vine , enabling him to carry out his next [use] , the scattering of fertiliser pellets .

At this time of the year the vigneron bolsters the fertility of the topsoil by the application of manure , utilising the trench created by the banking-up operation .
at this time of the year the vigneron bolsters the fertility of the topsoil by the application of manure , utilising the trench created by the banking-up [use] .

The pressing operation
the pressing [use]

During the pressing operation , the first juice to emerge from a grape is called the cuvée and it comes from the central zone of pulp .
during the pressing [use] , the first juice to emerge from a grape is called the cuvée and it comes from the central zone of pulp .

In between each pressing required to extract the cuvée ( or the first 2,050 litres ) an operation called retroussage , meaning ‘ to turn up ’ or ‘ to tuck up ’ , is carried out .
in between each pressing required to extract the cuvée ( or the first 2,050 litres ) an [use] called retroussage , meaning ‘ to turn up ’ or ‘ to tuck up ’ , is carried out .

Alex Murphy , a determined Detroit cop , is shot down in cold blood during a risky low-profile operation .
alex murphy , a determined detroit cop , is shot down in cold blood during a risky low-profile [use] .

Avril was worried — but not about the operation .
avril was worried — but not about the [use] .

The operation , originally planned for early afternoon , was re-scheduled and it was n't until quarter to six that she returned to the ward , still feeling groggy from the anaesthetic .
the [use] , originally planned for early afternoon , was re-scheduled and it was n't until quarter to six that she returned to the ward , still feeling groggy from the anaesthetic .

When Avril was told the date of her operation Peter promised to visit .
when avril was told the date of her [use] peter promised to visit .

Young Lisa Hammond 's survival depended on an operation that would leave her in pain and unable to move for six months . But the results made up for her ordeal
young lisa hammond 's survival depended on an [use] that would leave her in pain and unable to move for six months . but the results made up for her ordeal

Later at London 's Great Ormond Street Hospital , the consultant orthopaedic surgeon explained that Lisa would need an operation .
later at london 's great ormond street hospital , the consultant orthopaedic surgeon explained that lisa would need an [use] .

He told Lisa that before the operation , and for a few months after , she would have to wear a steel frame pinned to her head and connected to a rigid plaster jacket to hold her damaged neck in place .
he told lisa that before the [use] , and for a few months after , she would have to wear a steel frame pinned to her head and connected to a rigid plaster jacket to hold her damaged neck in place .

The following day at Great Ormond Street , she had the four-hour operation to transplant the bone .
the following day at great ormond street , she had the four-hour [use] to transplant the bone .

She was frightened and depressed when they took her into hospital for the operation on December 22 , but she was fit enough to go home on Christmas Day .
she was frightened and depressed when they took her into hospital for the [use] on december 22 , but she was fit enough to go home on christmas day .

Thus , not only will few cars enter Woonerven areas , but a high proportion of them will be driven by residents who will have a vested interest in the safe operation of the new street layout .
thus , not only will few cars enter woonerven areas , but a high proportion of them will be driven by residents who will have a vested interest in the safe [use] of the new street layout .

Dissatisfaction with some detailed aspects of Woonerf operation was also seen .
dissatisfaction with some detailed aspects of woonerf [use] was also seen .

The high costs were one of the justifications for the creation of a Government Working Party on Woonerven in 1984 , with a brief to assess the operation of Woonerven some seven years after the first legislation .
the high costs were one of the justifications for the creation of a government working party on woonerven in 1984 , with a brief to assess the [use] of woonerven some seven years after the first legislation .

One-way streets expose larger numbers of people to higher levels of noise and pollution from more dangerous traffic ; there is thus decreased emphasis on their use in new schemes and conversion of existing one-way streets to two-way operation .
one-way streets expose larger numbers of people to higher levels of noise and pollution from more dangerous traffic ; there is thus decreased emphasis on their use in new schemes and conversion of existing one-way streets to two-way [use] .

That may be somewhat over-confident perhaps , but the operation of this layout for three years without an accident certainly does not argue for radical changes in form or priority .
that may be somewhat over-confident perhaps , but the [use] of this layout for three years without an accident certainly does not argue for radical changes in form or priority .

‘ Brick Kiln Farm ca n't be the right place for an operation like this , ’ he said .
‘ brick kiln farm ca n't be the right place for an [use] like this , ’ he said .

But this week councillors took the view that the time and expense of a culling operation was ‘ over the top ’ given the mere handful of complaints .
but this week councillors took the view that the time and expense of a culling [use] was ‘ over the top ’ given the mere handful of complaints .

Wrapped up in warm clothes and armed with torches , residents from Stock Farm Lane hurriedly left their homes after receiving ‘ operation rally protest ’ calls from neighbours .
wrapped up in warm clothes and armed with torches , residents from stock farm lane hurriedly left their homes after receiving ‘ [use] rally protest ’ calls from neighbours .

He gave some idea of the size of the operation with some interesting statistics .
he gave some idea of the size of the [use] with some interesting statistics .

If , at 57 , he looks frailer than ever , a recent major intestinal operation is to blame .
if , at 57 , he looks frailer than ever , a recent major intestinal [use] is to blame .

This season , Vic Marks , in The Observer , even suggested that Carrick might be a wise short-term investment in the England side while Phil Tufnell recovered from his appendix operation .
this season , vic marks , in the observer , even suggested that carrick might be a wise short-term investment in the england side while phil tufnell recovered from his appendix [use] .

Scotland is a compact educational entity with long experience of strongly centralized modes of operation .
scotland is a compact educational entity with long experience of strongly centralized modes of [use] .

Proponents ( and opponents ) argue fiercely that it will ( or will not ) , but we shall not know until the system is in operation in several years ' time .
proponents ( and opponents ) argue fiercely that it will ( or will not ) , but we shall not know until the system is in [use] in several years ' time .

Banyan Systems Inc Vines and Vines for Santa Cruz Operation Inc Unix are rated best products in the server categories .
banyan systems inc vines and vines for santa cruz [use] inc unix are rated best products in the server categories .

And on a previous operation it was damned dangerous in Rotterdam .
and on a previous [use] it was damned dangerous in rotterdam .

‘ So we go there , start something , blow his operation wide open . ’
‘ so we go there , start something , blow his [use] wide open . ’

We have reached a sensitive stage in the operation .
we have reached a sensitive stage in the [use] .

Your area of operation is Europe .
your area of [use] is europe .

‘ Ask him when the agents in place will start the anti-liberal operation ? ’ Hauser whispered again .
‘ ask him when the agents in place will start the anti-liberal [use] ? ’ hauser whispered again .

At all costs Hauser wished to distance himself from the coming Manescu operation in various ex-Communist European states .
at all costs hauser wished to distance himself from the coming manescu [use] in various ex-communist european states .

Unix System Labs , Santa Cruz Operation Inc and SunSoft will each integrate Wabi into their respective Unix offerings , whilst Toshiba Corp , Fujitsu Ltd , Network Computing Devices Inc , Tadpole Technology plc and Quarterdeck Office Systems have lent their support to the effort .
unix system labs , santa cruz [use] inc and sunsoft will each integrate wabi into their respective unix offerings , whilst toshiba corp , fujitsu ltd , network computing devices inc , tadpole technology plc and quarterdeck office systems have lent their support to the effort .

This placed an increasing pressure on the exchange rate causing a loss of reserves and the exhaustion of the American loan which burst into a massive drain once convertibility came into operation in July .
this placed an increasing pressure on the exchange rate causing a loss of reserves and the exhaustion of the american loan which burst into a massive drain once convertibility came into [use] in july .

As such , the operation was essentially different from planning which involved prior political judgements about what ought to be achieved .
as such , the [use] was essentially different from planning which involved prior political judgements about what ought to be achieved .

Quite separately , the monopolies legislation of 1948 , with its general if vague aim of ensuring a ‘ fair ’ degree of competition outside the nationalised industries , implied acceptance of the operation of private enterprise in ways which were substantially inconsistent with the extension of ' industrial planning .
quite separately , the monopolies legislation of 1948 , with its general if vague aim of ensuring a ‘ fair ’ degree of competition outside the nationalised industries , implied acceptance of the [use] of private enterprise in ways which were substantially inconsistent with the extension of ' industrial planning .

Numerous analyses leave no doubt that the scale of these changes can not be explained by any combination of relative adjustments within the context of post-war international economic recovery , the emergence of new industrial nations , the vigorous operation of comparative advantage within a high growth of trade , or by the substantial increase in semi-manufactures [ Panic , 1975 ] .
numerous analyses leave no doubt that the scale of these changes can not be explained by any combination of relative adjustments within the context of post-war international economic recovery , the emergence of new industrial nations , the vigorous [use] of comparative advantage within a high growth of trade , or by the substantial increase in semi-manufactures [ panic , 1975 ] .

The government itself became larger and more concentrated in its operation as it assumed increasing responsibilities in areas such as education and defence .
the government itself became larger and more concentrated in its [use] as it assumed increasing responsibilities in areas such as education and defence .

Economists are nothing if not ingenious , however , and in their ingenuity they have done much to deflect attention away from searching investigation into the nature and operation of organised labour within individual firms and industries .
economists are nothing if not ingenious , however , and in their ingenuity they have done much to deflect attention away from searching investigation into the nature and [use] of organised labour within individual firms and industries .

These two arrangements , which directly and indirectly committed Britain to major international financial responsibilities in which the operation of sterling as a reserve currency was an essential element , stemmed from a deeper commitment to the belief in Britain 's world role [ Clarke , 1982 ; Scammell , 1980 ; Strange , 1971 ] .
these two arrangements , which directly and indirectly committed britain to major international financial responsibilities in which the [use] of sterling as a reserve currency was an essential element , stemmed from a deeper commitment to the belief in britain 's world role [ clarke , 1982 ; scammell , 1980 ; strange , 1971 ] .

In part this means in relation to other members of society as conditioned by the distribution of income and the operation of political power .
in part this means in relation to other members of society as conditioned by the distribution of income and the [use] of political power .

Nevertheless , some influences stand out and , in our view , of particular importance are the nature and operation of certain institutions .
nevertheless , some influences stand out and , in our view , of particular importance are the nature and [use] of certain institutions .

There were at that time no fewer than 522 Boeing 707/300 aircraft in operation , every one of which was directly affected by the accident .
there were at that time no fewer than 522 boeing 707/300 aircraft in [use] , every one of which was directly affected by the accident .

But the normally accepted context of human error lies with those people directly concerned with the operation of aircraft including refuelling crews , aircraft loaders , flight operations personnel and air traffic controllers as well as the flight crews themselves and , most particularly , the pilots .
but the normally accepted context of human error lies with those people directly concerned with the [use] of aircraft including refuelling crews , aircraft loaders , flight operations personnel and air traffic controllers as well as the flight crews themselves and , most particularly , the pilots .

Consider , for example , the introduction and successful operation of the wide bodied jets which everyone takes for granted today .
consider , for example , the introduction and successful [use] of the wide bodied jets which everyone takes for granted today .

Again , the introduction and successful , if expensive , operation of Concorde in regular supersonic passenger transport service is a European achievement of quite extraordinary proportions .
again , the introduction and successful , if expensive , [use] of concorde in regular supersonic passenger transport service is a european achievement of quite extraordinary proportions .

Few people realise what an enormous achievement Concorde represents , even after it has demonstrated its capability of flying from New York to London or Paris in about three hours over a sustained operation for many years .
few people realise what an enormous achievement concorde represents , even after it has demonstrated its capability of flying from new york to london or paris in about three hours over a sustained [use] for many years .

The everyday defects and difficulties that arise , such as the catering truck that backs into an aircraft puncturing the pressurised fuselage near the door or the mainwheel tyre that throws its tread on take-off , and the thousand and one other events that amount to a deviation from normal operation of the aircraft , are all investigated to some extent , according to how serious they might be , and a report is raised to the appropriate department which should then effect the necessary corrective action .
the everyday defects and difficulties that arise , such as the catering truck that backs into an aircraft puncturing the pressurised fuselage near the door or the mainwheel tyre that throws its tread on take-off , and the thousand and one other events that amount to a deviation from normal [use] of the aircraft , are all investigated to some extent , according to how serious they might be , and a report is raised to the appropriate department which should then effect the necessary corrective action .

Being mostly mechanical in operation , these recorders had their limitations as far as accuracy was concerned .
being mostly mechanical in [use] , these recorders had their limitations as far as accuracy was concerned .

The forces and influences acting on the aircraft including engine power , flying control deflection , aircraft configuration changes , auto-pilot operation , radio navigation coupling with auto-pilot ; also the values of the basic ancillary sources of power such as hydraulic , electrical and pneumatic systems .
the forces and influences acting on the aircraft including engine power , flying control deflection , aircraft configuration changes , auto-pilot [use] , radio navigation coupling with auto-pilot ; also the values of the basic ancillary sources of power such as hydraulic , electrical and pneumatic systems .

Then the engineering investigator will be concerned to trace the integrity of all the flying controls from the initial input in the cockpit to the final deflection of the control surface , with all the correct follow-up of intervening systems and components such as hydraulic and electrical servo systems , jacks , selectors and the operation in the correct sense of the appropriate servo-tabs , anti-balance tabs , balance panels , spring-tabs and everything else associated with the pilot 's ability to manoeuvre the aircraft .
then the engineering investigator will be concerned to trace the integrity of all the flying controls from the initial input in the cockpit to the final deflection of the control surface , with all the correct follow-up of intervening systems and components such as hydraulic and electrical servo systems , jacks , selectors and the [use] in the correct sense of the appropriate servo-tabs , anti-balance tabs , balance panels , spring-tabs and everything else associated with the pilot 's ability to manoeuvre the aircraft .

It is perhaps remarkable how predictable ( though not exactly inflexible ) the operation of a modern airliner is , even to the extent of it being possible to know within small limits what the pilots will be doing at any particular time .
it is perhaps remarkable how predictable ( though not exactly inflexible ) the [use] of a modern airliner is , even to the extent of it being possible to know within small limits what the pilots will be doing at any particular time .

The combination of helicopters , the North Sea and often very bad weather constitutes an accident investigator 's nightmare , though the remarkably low casualty rate of people engaged in the North Sea oil operation is a tribute to the skill , care and money devoted to their safety .
the combination of helicopters , the north sea and often very bad weather constitutes an accident investigator 's nightmare , though the remarkably low casualty rate of people engaged in the north sea oil [use] is a tribute to the skill , care and money devoted to their safety .

It also intends to open a third operation in Europe later in the year .
it also intends to open a third [use] in europe later in the year .

Granada Group Plc 's third party maintenance provider , Granada Computer Services , believes its new React Centre and reorganised customer services operation will enable it to take the big manufacturers head on .
granada group plc 's third party maintenance provider , granada computer services , believes its new react centre and reorganised customer services [use] will enable it to take the big manufacturers head on .

No large scale expansion in high capacity radio relay equipment is foreseen , despite the re-engineering of networks to give digital operation .
no large scale expansion in high capacity radio relay equipment is foreseen , despite the re-engineering of networks to give digital [use] .

Harry had died of pneumonia after an operation on his kidneys .
harry had died of pneumonia after an [use] on his kidneys .

The immediate suspects of the murder were a local man and his son ; but both these men could not have had stronger alibis , for the father was in hospital after having an operation on his hip bone , while his son had three days previously been called into the Forces .
the immediate suspects of the murder were a local man and his son ; but both these men could not have had stronger alibis , for the father was in hospital after having an [use] on his hip bone , while his son had three days previously been called into the forces .

He was n't so much concerned about the men or this particular job , because his work as a corporal instructor was to teach his squads the theory and practice of wireless communication , and especially the operation of the transmitters and receivers used in aircraft .
he was n't so much concerned about the men or this particular job , because his work as a corporal instructor was to teach his squads the theory and practice of wireless communication , and especially the [use] of the transmitters and receivers used in aircraft .

1990 is Thai 's thirtieth year of operation .
1990 is thai 's thirtieth year of [use] .

Is it your profit margin ? Or is it lack of control ? Does your business operation in fact need a push in the right direction ?
is it your profit margin ? or is it lack of control ? does your business [use] in fact need a push in the right direction ?

Reconsider the cost-efficiency of your logistical operation .
reconsider the cost-efficiency of your logistical [use] .

Because the Port of Rotterdam Distriparks offer you groupage services , warehousing , physical distribution , packaging etc. to make your logistical business operation cheaper and more flexible .
because the port of rotterdam distriparks offer you groupage services , warehousing , physical distribution , packaging etc. to make your logistical business [use] cheaper and more flexible .

Members are listed by area of operation and further information and brochures can be obtained by contacting directly the schools of your choice .
members are listed by area of [use] and further information and brochures can be obtained by contacting directly the schools of your choice .

All basic statistical tests . • New user interface with menus and spreadsheet style operation • LogFile provides a complete record of your analysis • Program comes on one disk • Easy data input — direct or from file • Up to 50,000 cells in one table • Fast analysis • Requires no programming skills — you select all tests , variables and ranges from menus
all basic statistical tests . • new user interface with menus and spreadsheet style [use] • logfile provides a complete record of your analysis • program comes on one disk • easy data input — direct or from file • up to 50,000 cells in one table • fast analysis • requires no programming skills — you select all tests , variables and ranges from menus

This rebated , dry glazed pivot offers improved weather resistance , single handed operation ( so they 're easy to get to grips with ) , and guarantees improved thermal efficiency in commercial , industrial and residential buildings .
this rebated , dry glazed pivot offers improved weather resistance , single handed [use] ( so they 're easy to get to grips with ) , and guarantees improved thermal efficiency in commercial , industrial and residential buildings .

The efficient rig is designed for short-handed sailing with most controls led back to the cockpit and features mast-mounted halyard winches for easy operation .
the efficient rig is designed for short-handed sailing with most controls led back to the cockpit and features mast-mounted halyard winches for easy [use] .

• One-touch operation .
• one-touch [use] .

Built to the Fischer ‘ Panda ’ principle with superb mini-diesel engines and zero maintenance brushless alternators , our 100% water-cooled generators are the ultimate for smooth running and quiet operation .
built to the fischer ‘ panda ’ principle with superb mini-diesel engines and zero maintenance brushless alternators , our 100% water-cooled generators are the ultimate for smooth running and quiet [use] .

Staff at Alexandra Towing 's Felixstowe operation , which started in 1963 , are awaiting further details .
staff at alexandra towing 's felixstowe [use] , which started in 1963 , are awaiting further details .

These studies are underpinned by continuing improvements in the operation of the geophysical databases and by further developments in computer software for interactive display and interpretation of data .
these studies are underpinned by continuing improvements in the [use] of the geophysical databases and by further developments in computer software for interactive display and interpretation of data .

But the proposed restrictions on the type and number of powered aircraft , flightpaths and hours of operation have already been dismissed as ‘ not strict enough ’ by a leading protester .
but the proposed restrictions on the type and number of powered aircraft , flightpaths and hours of [use] have already been dismissed as ‘ not strict enough ’ by a leading protester .

operation at a Cambridge nursing home next week .
[use] at a cambridge nursing home next week .

Their hopes of returning to full strength were again dashed with defender Chris Moore a victim of German measles , recently signed midfielder Steve Cox unavailable , and Tony Scofield still out of action and facing an operation on his knee .
their hopes of returning to full strength were again dashed with defender chris moore a victim of german measles , recently signed midfielder steve cox unavailable , and tony scofield still out of action and facing an [use] on his knee .

The Tomorrow 's World team have been following day-to-day life at her Framlingham home and will be filming the operation .
the tomorrow 's world team have been following day-to-day life at her framlingham home and will be filming the [use] .

Laura travels down to London with her parents today to undergo tests before tomorrow 's 1 pm operation .
laura travels down to london with her parents today to undergo tests before tomorrow 's 1 pm [use] .

The operation did not happen until the end of June that year .
the [use] did not happen until the end of june that year .

Therefore , if you are likely to have an operation at any minute , heparin it shall be .
therefore , if you are likely to have an [use] at any minute , heparin it shall be .

Chief vet at the Fromus surgery Michael Hill said : ‘ It is not a common operation because it is often difficult to find a suitable donor dog .
chief vet at the fromus surgery michael hill said : ‘ it is not a common [use] because it is often difficult to find a suitable donor dog .

Mr Ferreira has returned to South Africa since the life-saving operation but Mr Hill praised his ability as a vet .
mr ferreira has returned to south africa since the life-saving [use] but mr hill praised his ability as a vet .

Paul Priestley , 40 , of Lindisfarne Road , Bury St Edmunds , had the operation at Papworth Hospital 16 days ago and is progressing very well .
paul priestley , 40 , of lindisfarne road , bury st edmunds , had the [use] at papworth hospital 16 days ago and is progressing very well .

It is this message that members of the newly-formed west Suffolk Zipper Club want to get across to people who face the agonising prospect of such a serious operation .
it is this message that members of the newly-formed west suffolk zipper club want to get across to people who face the agonising prospect of such a serious [use] .

Dave Hunt , who has undergone complicated heart bypass surgery , says any heart operation means doctors ‘ breaking into your body ’ .
dave hunt , who has undergone complicated heart bypass surgery , says any heart [use] means doctors ‘ breaking into your body ’ .

It is this knowledge , coupled with the fear of being considered too unfit to undergo such a traumatic operation , that makes open heart surgery such an ordeal , say members .
it is this knowledge , coupled with the fear of being considered too unfit to undergo such a traumatic [use] , that makes open heart surgery such an ordeal , say members .

It was knowing that surgery could work miracles that helped him overcome fears about the daunting operation .
it was knowing that surgery could work miracles that helped him overcome fears about the daunting [use] .

Before Mr Morton 's operation at the world-renowned Papworth Hospital , near Cambridge , he was introduced to a man walking around the ward who had been given a new heart only days before .
before mr morton 's [use] at the world-renowned papworth hospital , near cambridge , he was introduced to a man walking around the ward who had been given a new heart only days before .

But Don Ely — whose wife , Joan , decided to have surgery after years of deliberation — said that when an operation was first suggested there was an 80 pc failure rate .
but don ely — whose wife , joan , decided to have surgery after years of deliberation — said that when an [use] was first suggested there was an 80 pc failure rate .

Mr Ely said the operation changed their lives : ‘ It was like the heavens opening up . ’
mr ely said the [use] changed their lives : ‘ it was like the heavens opening up . ’

It may be that they have just had their operation or they are just about to have it .
it may be that they have just had their [use] or they are just about to have it .

The central sphere for the operation of the passions is the reality of face to face relationships .
the central sphere for the [use] of the passions is the reality of face to face relationships .

More needs to be known about the operation of such agencies before one can judge whether the advantages of such flexibility are offset by disadvantages .
more needs to be known about the [use] of such agencies before one can judge whether the advantages of such flexibility are offset by disadvantages .

They were then smuggled out of the building in a police decoy operation , being driven away in unmarked cars with blankets over their heads .
they were then smuggled out of the building in a police decoy [use] , being driven away in unmarked cars with blankets over their heads .

In November , 1989 , 38 cargo handlers and maintenance men were axed after United Transport Lines ended its operation at the West Bank terminal and moved to Tilbury .
in november , 1989 , 38 cargo handlers and maintenance men were axed after united transport lines ended its [use] at the west bank terminal and moved to tilbury .

We are also gravely concerned because at the Lavenham parish meeting Mr Tony Webster of Atlas Aggregates categorically refused to give an assurance that in the future they would not apply to extend the mining operation to other parts of Cross Green Farm .
we are also gravely concerned because at the lavenham parish meeting mr tony webster of atlas aggregates categorically refused to give an assurance that in the future they would not apply to extend the mining [use] to other parts of cross green farm .

They were arrested last week in an operation linked to a swoop by armed police officers .
they were arrested last week in an [use] linked to a swoop by armed police officers .

During his lightning trip the prince will meet representatives of all British units serving as part of Operation Grapple , Army spokesmen in Croatia said .
during his lightning trip the prince will meet representatives of all british units serving as part of [use] grapple , army spokesmen in croatia said .

His trip was a mark of recognition for the humanitarian work being carried out in former Yugoslavia by 2,500 British troops in Operation Grapple and countless civilians co-ordinating and delivering aid .
his trip was a mark of recognition for the humanitarian work being carried out in former yugoslavia by 2,500 british troops in [use] grapple and countless civilians co-ordinating and delivering aid .

Farmer Colin points out that this selfless operation is always carried out with a complete lack of regard for personal safety and reminds the committee that Josh has several times fallen off his load just outside the King 's Head .
farmer colin points out that this selfless [use] is always carried out with a complete lack of regard for personal safety and reminds the committee that josh has several times fallen off his load just outside the king 's head .

Such doors could have been secured by the use of a drawbar ; keys for the operation of such devices are known from some better provided for women 's graves .
such doors could have been secured by the use of a drawbar ; keys for the [use] of such devices are known from some better provided for women 's graves .

Following the attacks , government troops , composed mainly of members of the dominant minority Tutsi ethnic group , launched a counter-insurgency operation and about one thousand people , mostly Hutu , suspected , usually without evidence , of supporting the insurgents , were killed .
following the attacks , government troops , composed mainly of members of the dominant minority tutsi ethnic group , launched a counter-insurgency [use] and about one thousand people , mostly hutu , suspected , usually without evidence , of supporting the insurgents , were killed .

In the created universe there was no room for divine operation ; the biblical miracles presented a difficulty here , but perhaps rational explanations would soon be found .
in the created universe there was no room for divine [use] ; the biblical miracles presented a difficulty here , but perhaps rational explanations would soon be found .

This is at the opposite extreme from those occupations that are inherently invidious , those that place the individual directly under the command of another , as in the case of the doorman or the household servant , and those involving a vast range of tasks — street cleaning , garbage collection , janitorial services , elevator operation — that have an obtrusive connotation of social inferiority .
this is at the opposite extreme from those occupations that are inherently invidious , those that place the individual directly under the command of another , as in the case of the doorman or the household servant , and those involving a vast range of tasks — street cleaning , garbage collection , janitorial services , elevator [use] — that have an obtrusive connotation of social inferiority .

The cure is to improve the clutch operation or use one of the new radios which allow you to ‘ feather ’ the tail rotor when the ‘ hold ’ switch is operated .
the cure is to improve the clutch [use] or use one of the new radios which allow you to ‘ feather ’ the tail rotor when the ‘ hold ’ switch is operated .

It was in April that year that Margaret Jourdain died , rather unexpectedly , after an operation .
it was in april that year that margaret jourdain died , rather unexpectedly , after an [use] .

She had been crying again and her mascara had been washed away and she looked like an eleven-year-old waking up in hospital after an operation .
she had been crying again and her mascara had been washed away and she looked like an eleven-year-old waking up in hospital after an [use] .

Operation ‘ Winch ’ was launched on 3 April when two Skuas led off the Hurricanes in two flights of six each .
[use] ‘ winch ’ was launched on 3 april when two skuas led off the hurricanes in two flights of six each .

Under the codename Operation ‘ Dunlop ’ twenty-four Hurricanes and twenty-six pilots were carried towards the island on ‘ Ark Royal ’ .
under the codename [use] ‘ dunlop ’ twenty-four hurricanes and twenty-six pilots were carried towards the island on ‘ ark royal ’ .

’ This year , a new twist : some believe we want their numbers for a direct mailing operation .
’ this year , a new twist : some believe we want their numbers for a direct mailing [use] .

There are , as Mr Osborne states , few regulations covering hospital operation or the minimum necessary equipment required .
there are , as mr osborne states , few regulations covering hospital [use] or the minimum necessary equipment required .

Within this hospital all aspects of operation and service provision were recently subject to an audit by the King 's Fund from which we subsequently received accreditation .
within this hospital all aspects of [use] and service provision were recently subject to an audit by the king 's fund from which we subsequently received accreditation .

Expecting an eye operation of his own , he is beset by fantasies of horror .
expecting an eye [use] of his own , he is beset by fantasies of horror .

The Yard had had a tip months before that a big drug-ring was setting up a new and major operation in England .
the yard had had a tip months before that a big drug-ring was setting up a new and major [use] in england .

The scale of operation that would be needed has been on the world 's agenda twice in modern times , but in both cases for the benefit of white nations .
the scale of [use] that would be needed has been on the world 's agenda twice in modern times , but in both cases for the benefit of white nations .

As promised , a minister of cabinet rank has now been appointed to supervise its operation : William Waldegrave .
as promised , a minister of cabinet rank has now been appointed to supervise its [use] : william waldegrave .

Her one hope was an operation to ease the pain .
her one hope was an [use] to ease the pain .

For more than two years from mid-1986 , Mazur — known as Musella to his drug world contacts — risked his life as he sought to infiltrate the smugglers in an operation known as C-Chase .
for more than two years from mid-1986 , mazur — known as musella to his drug world contacts — risked his life as he sought to infiltrate the smugglers in an [use] known as c-chase .

The whole operation has cost about £60 million , around half of which has come directly from central government .
the whole [use] has cost about £60 million , around half of which has come directly from central government .

The changing costs of capital and labour will result in industrial structural changes creating an acceptable society which has come about through the operation of market forces and not because powerful interests have adopted particular technologies which suit them but are detrimental to the interests of weaker groups in society .
the changing costs of capital and labour will result in industrial structural changes creating an acceptable society which has come about through the [use] of market forces and not because powerful interests have adopted particular technologies which suit them but are detrimental to the interests of weaker groups in society .

Marglin suggests that factory owners subdivided tasks way beyond what was necessary to maximise the development of individual skills and minimise time wasted by individual workers having to perform more than one operation .
marglin suggests that factory owners subdivided tasks way beyond what was necessary to maximise the development of individual skills and minimise time wasted by individual workers having to perform more than one [use] .

Managers would have more predictable work flow , and owners would earn higher profits as their share from the increased efficiency of operation .
managers would have more predictable work flow , and owners would earn higher profits as their share from the increased efficiency of [use] .

Working just from engineering drawings , the skilled machinist will decide the sequence of cuts to be made , how fast he will run the machine , and how much material to take off on each cut ( the ‘ speed and feed ’ ) , and will control manually each of the levers and screws on the machine which control each aspect of its operation .
working just from engineering drawings , the skilled machinist will decide the sequence of cuts to be made , how fast he will run the machine , and how much material to take off on each cut ( the ‘ speed and feed ’ ) , and will control manually each of the levers and screws on the machine which control each aspect of its [use] .

The operation of ‘ scientific management ’ through Taylorism itself creates a more complex organisational structure .
the [use] of ‘ scientific management ’ through taylorism itself creates a more complex organisational structure .

Kathleen Stone ( 1973 ) identifies this device in operation as early as the late nineteenth century , in the steel industry .
kathleen stone ( 1973 ) identifies this device in [use] as early as the late nineteenth century , in the steel industry .

Where job ladders are created , further managerial work is involved in managing the operation of the internal labour market .
where job ladders are created , further managerial work is involved in managing the [use] of the internal labour market .

They will thus not bother to pursue de-skilling strategies with great vigour as the return on vigorous managerial activity is greater in other areas of operation .
they will thus not bother to pursue de-skilling strategies with great vigour as the return on vigorous managerial activity is greater in other areas of [use] .

After 1981 the operation was controlled automatically and monitored by two semi-skilled mixer operators .
after 1981 the [use] was controlled automatically and monitored by two semi-skilled mixer operators .

Neither did they abide by the Scottish Office guidelines ; they carried out the dawn raids and removed nine children from their homes in an emergency operation without reference to any of these documents .
neither did they abide by the scottish office guidelines ; they carried out the dawn raids and removed nine children from their homes in an emergency [use] without reference to any of these documents .

In Orkney a number of events concerning the operation of the Children 's Hearing system caused great concern .
in orkney a number of events concerning the [use] of the children 's hearing system caused great concern .

Later the Children 's Panel Advisory Committee Chairman was informed about this alleged breach of provisions in the Social Work ( Scotland ) Act 1968 relating to the operation of the Children 's Panel .
later the children 's panel advisory committee chairman was informed about this alleged breach of provisions in the social work ( scotland ) act 1968 relating to the [use] of the children 's panel .

Mike Woodley , owner of the aviation film services and warbirds import/export operation Aces High at North Weald Airfield , has formed a new company to market the Ilyushin Il-103 light aircraft throughout Europe .
mike woodley , owner of the aviation film services and warbirds import/export [use] aces high at north weald airfield , has formed a new company to market the ilyushin il-103 light aircraft throughout europe .

Anyone expecting a story about inflight cyclic stick failure would have been disappointed , however : the piece concerned a helicopter pilot named Paul who had undergone a sex-change operation and is now known as Paula .
anyone expecting a story about inflight cyclic stick failure would have been disappointed , however : the piece concerned a helicopter pilot named paul who had undergone a sex-change [use] and is now known as paula .

The Royal Mail , which for a number of years has been transporting first-class mail overnight by air , totally reorganised its operation at the end of September .
the royal mail , which for a number of years has been transporting first-class mail overnight by air , totally reorganised its [use] at the end of september .

How long that will last is a moot point , but for the immediate future Aurigny continues its unique operation .
how long that will last is a moot point , but for the immediate future aurigny continues its unique [use] .

Thus the work is varied and interesting , and the rapid changes in climatic conditions that sometimes afflict the islands ensure continuous concentration on the basics of safe operation .
thus the work is varied and interesting , and the rapid changes in climatic conditions that sometimes afflict the islands ensure continuous concentration on the basics of safe [use] .

The deputy chief pilot is located at Jersey and controls the day-to-day operation there .
the deputy chief pilot is located at jersey and controls the day-to-day [use] there .

By the end of the first year of operation over 45,000 passengers had been carried , reflecting the latent demand for air transport in that environment .
by the end of the first year of [use] over 45,000 passengers had been carried , reflecting the latent demand for air transport in that environment .

Most of all , for regular travellers the sheer familiarity of the operation with its outstanding safety record and short check-in times are major plus points .
most of all , for regular travellers the sheer familiarity of the [use] with its outstanding safety record and short check-in times are major plus points .

It is difficult to see what other aeroplane could deliver the combination of ruggedness , economy of operation , short-field capability and safety that this unusual aircraft can .
it is difficult to see what other aeroplane could deliver the combination of ruggedness , economy of [use] , short-field capability and safety that this unusual aircraft can .

Long-time passengers of Aurigny tend to take the operation for granted ; it is the equivalent of the old-time village bus to them .
long-time passengers of aurigny tend to take the [use] for granted ; it is the equivalent of the old-time village bus to them .

It is a tribute to the smoothness of the operation that many private pilots do not realise that they have effectively moved into another country 's airspace when they enter the Jersey zone .
it is a tribute to the smoothness of the [use] that many private pilots do not realise that they have effectively moved into another country 's airspace when they enter the jersey zone .

Below them are the fuel cock levers , and ahead of them are the emergency undercarriage buttons and extend/retract knob for alternate airbrake operation .
below them are the fuel cock levers , and ahead of them are the emergency undercarriage buttons and extend/retract knob for alternate airbrake [use] .

The former is largely a commercial operation , but at Taieri you find the Otago Aero Club where , after a check-out by one of the instructor , you have the choice of Piper of Cessna aircraft to rent .
the former is largely a commercial [use] , but at taieri you find the otago aero club where , after a check-out by one of the instructor , you have the choice of piper of cessna aircraft to rent .

If your trip can include South Island ( and it should , for the flying there is wonderful ) you might manage to take in another interesting New Zealand aviation operation , that of Colin Smith with his production line of Tiger Moths at Mandeville , near Gore , not far from the south end of the Island .
if your trip can include south island ( and it should , for the flying there is wonderful ) you might manage to take in another interesting new zealand aviation [use] , that of colin smith with his production line of tiger moths at mandeville , near gore , not far from the south end of the island .

Farther north Dargaville has a pleasant little club , mainly a weekend operation , but they make visiting pilots welcome .
farther north dargaville has a pleasant little club , mainly a weekend [use] , but they make visiting pilots welcome .

When wet they twist it like a rope , and beat some large stone with it , repeating the operation till it is quite clean .
when wet they twist it like a rope , and beat some large stone with it , repeating the [use] till it is quite clean .

Kite operation becomes educational , as experience gives better appreciation of air movement , and the way in which wind is a resultant from changes in barometric pressure .
kite [use] becomes educational , as experience gives better appreciation of air movement , and the way in which wind is a resultant from changes in barometric pressure .

Few kite flyers have a 50metre or 150ft clear run in their home yards , so this operation has to be completed in public , hence the need for speed and precision .
few kite flyers have a 50metre or 150ft clear run in their home yards , so this [use] has to be completed in public , hence the need for speed and precision .

These fall into the category of superior quality in the lens and the shutter operation .
these fall into the category of superior quality in the lens and the shutter [use] .

They have sockets for flash and remote shutter operation .
they have sockets for flash and remote shutter [use] .

Basically it means that the nervous system which passes through the wrist in the carpal tunnel has been stressed and the best cure is rest , or in the case of trigger finger , an injection or even an operation .
basically it means that the nervous system which passes through the wrist in the carpal tunnel has been stressed and the best cure is rest , or in the case of trigger finger , an injection or even an [use] .

1970 Tammi Terrell , who duetted on Marvin Gaye records , dies in Philadelphia undergoing a brain tumour operation after collapsing on stage in his arms .
1970 tammi terrell , who duetted on marvin gaye records , dies in philadelphia undergoing a brain tumour [use] after collapsing on stage in his arms .

His eldest son had a mastoid operation ; there was a big building programme that needed his personal attention .
his eldest son had a mastoid [use] ; there was a big building programme that needed his personal attention .

Orders were issued for the cattle and geese to be driven in from the commons , the gates to be shut , the walls and bastions manned and all preparations for siege put into immediate operation .
orders were issued for the cattle and geese to be driven in from the commons , the gates to be shut , the walls and bastions manned and all preparations for siege put into immediate [use] .

Under Mr Fowler 's van sales operation , ten refrigerated vehicles travelled in certain sectors , radiating from the company 's factory at Brackley in Northamptonshire , offering fresh chickens to traders like butchers , supermarkets and caterers .
under mr fowler 's van sales [use] , ten refrigerated vehicles travelled in certain sectors , radiating from the company 's factory at brackley in northamptonshire , offering fresh chickens to traders like butchers , supermarkets and caterers .

The whole operation was based on 50 journeys or rounds , one for each vehicle on every working day of the week .
the whole [use] was based on 50 journeys or rounds , one for each vehicle on every working day of the week .

By 1980 the operation was clearly prospering , bringing in on average £2500 per week in the second half of the year .
by 1980 the [use] was clearly prospering , bringing in on average £2500 per week in the second half of the year .

He resigned as sales manager and the following year had a similar van sales operation of his own , using eight former employees of the company .
he resigned as sales manager and the following year had a similar van sales [use] of his own , using eight former employees of the company .

The main case put by the company was that the new Fowler van sales operation had wrongfully used confidential information obtained during employment with the company .
the main case put by the company was that the new fowler van sales [use] had wrongfully used confidential information obtained during employment with the company .

The new Fowler operation had certainly made use of the sales information , but this did not involve any breach of contract by Mr Fowler and the other former employees , nor did it show an actionable conspiracy .
the new fowler [use] had certainly made use of the sales information , but this did not involve any breach of contract by mr fowler and the other former employees , nor did it show an actionable conspiracy .

There is a great deal of misunderstanding about the operation of a lien , general or special , under English law .
there is a great deal of misunderstanding about the [use] of a lien , general or special , under english law .

To cope with the peaks and troughs of road transport operation , the busy haulier will need to consider hiring in outside drivers .
to cope with the peaks and troughs of road transport [use] , the busy haulier will need to consider hiring in outside drivers .

The question of unfair dismissal figures too often in employment law to leave the operation of Clause 8 to chance .
the question of unfair dismissal figures too often in employment law to leave the [use] of clause 8 to chance .

The restricted licence covers domestic and international goods vehicle operation for own account haulage .
the restricted licence covers domestic and international goods vehicle [use] for own account haulage .

Technical standards and aspects of operation
technical standards and aspects of [use]

The requirement that all motor vehicles ( except invalid carriages , police and local authority vehicles ) used on a road must be covered by third party insurance is fundamental to the lawful operation of any haulage business .
the requirement that all motor vehicles ( except invalid carriages , police and local authority vehicles ) used on a road must be covered by third party insurance is fundamental to the lawful [use] of any haulage business .

So a combined haulage operation comprising a partnership and company would qualify .
so a combined haulage [use] comprising a partnership and company would qualify .

In order for the exception under article 11 to come into operation so as to relieve drivers and those who permit them to drive in excess of the hours which are prescribed there must be a real emergency .
in order for the exception under article 11 to come into [use] so as to relieve drivers and those who permit them to drive in excess of the hours which are prescribed there must be a real emergency .

If carriage governed by a single contract is performed by successive road carriers , each of them shall be responsible for the performance of the whole operation … under the terms of the consignment note … .
if carriage governed by a single contract is performed by successive road carriers , each of them shall be responsible for the performance of the whole [use] … under the terms of the consignment note … .

This company would now like to expand its area of operation by establishing franchisee hauliers in other parts of the north of England .
this company would now like to expand its area of [use] by establishing franchisee hauliers in other parts of the north of england .

The operation of your commercial Meet at a known and predetermined cost per annum allowing a much more realistic vehicle budget to be met .
the [use] of your commercial meet at a known and predetermined cost per annum allowing a much more realistic vehicle budget to be met .

In the case of dangerous goods , there are complicated and frequently changing regulations on classification , labelling and packing , but the rewards make expansion into this specialist area of operation extremely worthwhile .
in the case of dangerous goods , there are complicated and frequently changing regulations on classification , labelling and packing , but the rewards make expansion into this specialist area of [use] extremely worthwhile .

Deanside Transit Limited , based near Glasgow city centre , is a recent example of a successful applicant for a Section 8 grant , now undertaking a sizeable rail/road transhipment operation .
deanside transit limited , based near glasgow city centre , is a recent example of a successful applicant for a section 8 grant , now undertaking a sizeable rail/road transhipment [use] .

In the current controversy over Croagh Patrick , the deciding interest is held by the Finnish mining multinational Ooutukumpu , a company which also controls the Navan operation of Tara Mines .
in the current controversy over croagh patrick , the deciding interest is held by the finnish mining multinational ooutukumpu , a company which also controls the navan [use] of tara mines .

We fear , too , that the proposed change in the Tax System with regard to the Mining Industry may have a detrimental effect on the Industrial Development Programme , by discouraging foreign interests from establishing planned new industries here unless they are assured of a continuation of the tax incentives and grant aid already in operation .
we fear , too , that the proposed change in the tax system with regard to the mining industry may have a detrimental effect on the industrial development programme , by discouraging foreign interests from establishing planned new industries here unless they are assured of a continuation of the tax incentives and grant aid already in [use] .

There were also problems with the Mogul mine when it was in operation .
there were also problems with the mogul mine when it was in [use] .

In June 1989 Des Burke said Burmin could be in operation by June 1990 if they received planning permission .
in june 1989 des burke said burmin could be in [use] by june 1990 if they received planning permission .

The combination of this group of activists with either the residents or the workers was likely to raise questions on the continued operation of the factory , rather than demands for it to be operated safely , as the activists refused to accept that it was possible to work safely with asbestos or other toxic substances , following their similar rebuttal of threshold limits for exposure to radiation in the anti-nuclear movement .
the combination of this group of activists with either the residents or the workers was likely to raise questions on the continued [use] of the factory , rather than demands for it to be operated safely , as the activists refused to accept that it was possible to work safely with asbestos or other toxic substances , following their similar rebuttal of threshold limits for exposure to radiation in the anti-nuclear movement .

Although we did not foresee any difficulties , we were astonished to hear that the Secretary of the Cabinet , Sir Robert Armstrong , had asked for the programme on the Suez operation of 1956 , in which Mountbatten had been First Sea Lord , to be deferred ‘ possibly for some months ’ .
although we did not foresee any difficulties , we were astonished to hear that the secretary of the cabinet , sir robert armstrong , had asked for the programme on the suez [use] of 1956 , in which mountbatten had been first sea lord , to be deferred ‘ possibly for some months ’ .

’ Embalming would not have allowed for this and , had the person not been dead prior to the beginning of the operation , he certainly would be once it was all over .
’ embalming would not have allowed for this and , had the person not been dead prior to the beginning of the [use] , he certainly would be once it was all over .

The positioning of the lead shell was a delicate operation , care being needed to avoid piercing or damaging the lead in any way .
the positioning of the lead shell was a delicate [use] , care being needed to avoid piercing or damaging the lead in any way .

By running a marginal operation that staggered from week to week , he was unable to put together a long-term plan for success .
by running a marginal [use] that staggered from week to week , he was unable to put together a long-term plan for success .

First and foremost , going to the races had gone to the team 's collective head and with Master James as a media star — and few have known how to manipulate the press with such skill , to make so many journos think they were ‘ particular ’ friends or to understand the voracity of Fleet Street 's sports editors ' avidity for upbeat Brit stories — the Hesketh operation became something of a Back Britain campaign , with patriotism overcoming business common sense .
first and foremost , going to the races had gone to the team 's collective head and with master james as a media star — and few have known how to manipulate the press with such skill , to make so many journos think they were ‘ particular ’ friends or to understand the voracity of fleet street 's sports editors ' avidity for upbeat brit stories — the hesketh [use] became something of a back britain campaign , with patriotism overcoming business common sense .

Our link with Civil Affairs Service ( Burma ) in Delhi was Colonel Leslie Glass , and plans were so laid that when the civil government took over from the military , there should be an easy transition from the initial operation under the military .
our link with civil affairs service ( burma ) in delhi was colonel leslie glass , and plans were so laid that when the civil government took over from the military , there should be an easy transition from the initial [use] under the military .

You had to think about the changes you needed to make to your operation , and you had to support your recommendations with some detailed calculations .
you had to think about the changes you needed to make to your [use] , and you had to support your recommendations with some detailed calculations .

Our next case introduces you to the complexities of multi-unit operation .
our next case introduces you to the complexities of multi-unit [use] .

It set as a target the ownership and operation of six such restaurants in the Cheshire area by the end of 1988 .
it set as a target the ownership and [use] of six such restaurants in the cheshire area by the end of 1988 .

It is clear that a leisure centre can turn a Monday-to-Thursday out-of-town operation into a seven-day-a-week one and thus substantially increase occupancy rates .
it is clear that a leisure centre can turn a monday-to-thursday out-of-town [use] into a seven-day-a-week one and thus substantially increase occupancy rates .

There are still a lot of decisions to be taken before a successful timeshare operation can be ‘ got off the ground ’ , and the real challenge in this case is to work out what these are .
there are still a lot of decisions to be taken before a successful timeshare [use] can be ‘ got off the ground ’ , and the real challenge in this case is to work out what these are .

Design proposals and plans relating to the proposed conversion to timeshare operation
design proposals and plans relating to the proposed conversion to timeshare [use]

Marketing and sales promotion proposals relating to the proposed conversion to timeshare operation
marketing and sales promotion proposals relating to the proposed conversion to timeshare [use]

Because the service standards are likely to be somewhat lower than in a commercial operation , you might set the rate so that they were 50 per cent ( or even 60 per cent ) of the total .
because the service standards are likely to be somewhat lower than in a commercial [use] , you might set the rate so that they were 50 per cent ( or even 60 per cent ) of the total .

The Brasserie was launched as a fully fledged operation expected to do the same level of business as L'Auberge from the start .
the brasserie was launched as a fully fledged [use] expected to do the same level of business as l'auberge from the start .

Sometimes , when he did , he wondered whether , however daunting the operation seemed , he would sell up and move back to London .
sometimes , when he did , he wondered whether , however daunting the [use] seemed , he would sell up and move back to london .

You 've cleared official sanction for Operation Cuckoo to go ahead .
you 've cleared official sanction for [use] cuckoo to go ahead .

Opening his desk drawer , he drew out the current Operation Cuckoo folder , and in a calm , businesslike voice , got straight down to it .
opening his desk drawer , he drew out the current [use] cuckoo folder , and in a calm , businesslike voice , got straight down to it .

His limited activities to date had been confined to an uncommitted setting-up operation .
his limited activities to date had been confined to an uncommitted setting-up [use] .

If and when the word came from Washington to advance Operation Cuckoo into the second , active stage however , things would be very different indeed .
if and when the word came from washington to advance [use] cuckoo into the second , active stage however , things would be very different indeed .

It was a question of survival , both of himself and the operation .
it was a question of survival , both of himself and the [use] .

Without that , Kirov was fumbling in the dark , Operation Cuckoo was only an abstracted idea .
without that , kirov was fumbling in the dark , [use] cuckoo was only an abstracted idea .

Perhaps this operation would be the last , perhaps his Western masters would finally decide that the old workhorse had given his best and deserved to be put out in rich pastures .
perhaps this [use] would be the last , perhaps his western masters would finally decide that the old workhorse had given his best and deserved to be put out in rich pastures .

The actual mechanics of the operation would take care of themselves .
the actual mechanics of the [use] would take care of themselves .

That contact was now necessary and pressing , for Operation Cuckoo had advanced into its final stage .
that contact was now necessary and pressing , for [use] cuckoo had advanced into its final stage .

‘ While we 're on the subject … what about Kirov , after this operation ?
‘ while we 're on the subject … what about kirov , after this [use] ?

With Operation Cuckoo brought to a conclusion , the entire three-man link to Georgi Kirov was as useless and obsolete as the old agent himself .
with [use] cuckoo brought to a conclusion , the entire three-man link to georgi kirov was as useless and obsolete as the old agent himself .

They must be mad that they should expect such a delicate business as his preparation of Vologsky to be speeded up as though it was a crude operation on a factory bench .
they must be mad that they should expect such a delicate business as his preparation of vologsky to be speeded up as though it was a crude [use] on a factory bench .

If Kirov chose , he could drop Vologsky , and Operation Cuckoo , like a hot brick .
if kirov chose , he could drop vologsky , and [use] cuckoo , like a hot brick .

Operation Cuckoo was a bit on the hairy side to start with .
[use] cuckoo was a bit on the hairy side to start with .

The country dictated that Operation Cuckoo be abandoned .
the country dictated that [use] cuckoo be abandoned .

Operation Cuckoo might already be a non-runner ; diplomacy could break down suddenly , restoring the status quo .
[use] cuckoo might already be a non-runner ; diplomacy could break down suddenly , restoring the status quo .

Felton , California-based , Crosswind Technologies Inc , says Synchronise 1.2 , its time management tool , is to support Santa Cruz Operation 's Open Desktop 2.0 .
felton , california-based , crosswind technologies inc , says synchronise 1.2 , its time management tool , is to support santa cruz [use] 's open desktop 2.0 .

Santa Cruz Operation Inc says that Zenith Data Systems will ship its Open Desktop Release 2.0 as an optional feature of its new Z-Station and Z-Server computers , pre-installed , pre-configured , tested , and supported with a choice of third-party communications options on the Z-Station tower , or bundled with some Z-Station desktop machines .
santa cruz [use] inc says that zenith data systems will ship its open desktop release 2.0 as an optional feature of its new z-station and z-server computers , pre-installed , pre-configured , tested , and supported with a choice of third-party communications options on the z-station tower , or bundled with some z-station desktop machines .

Santa Cruz Operation Inc has had a good look at Unix System Lab 's Destiny desktop — it is a beta site — but is n't worried by the competition , ‘ after looking at it closely , we 've no problem with Open Desktop , ’ it says .
santa cruz [use] inc has had a good look at unix system lab 's destiny desktop — it is a beta site — but is n't worried by the competition , ‘ after looking at it closely , we 've no problem with open desktop , ’ it says .

Sun Microsystems Inc is to invest a further £12m in its European manufacturing site at Linlithglow , Scotland : its Sparcstation 10 workstation is to be built at a new 70,000 square foot building , including , for the first time , the printed circuit boards ; up to 100 new jobs are expected to be created at the 350-strong operation .
sun microsystems inc is to invest a further £12m in its european manufacturing site at linlithglow , scotland : its sparcstation 10 workstation is to be built at a new 70,000 square foot building , including , for the first time , the printed circuit boards ; up to 100 new jobs are expected to be created at the 350-strong [use] .

Now faced with competition from a gamut of Unix-on-Intel contenders , Santa Cruz Operation Inc , which is also in the process of taking itself public , will this week reorganise its Unix system software lines into a more orderly collection of distinct desktop and server products .
now faced with competition from a gamut of unix-on-intel contenders , santa cruz [use] inc , which is also in the process of taking itself public , will this week reorganise its unix system software lines into a more orderly collection of distinct desktop and server products .

Apricot really stole a march on the competition last September with a couple of new PCs it described as optimized for workgroup operation .
apricot really stole a march on the competition last september with a couple of new pcs it described as optimized for workgroup [use] .

Not only can this play hell with the smooth operation of a network , it can be a nightmare to troubleshoot , especially where you have long cable runs between machines .
not only can this play hell with the smooth [use] of a network , it can be a nightmare to troubleshoot , especially where you have long cable runs between machines .

No great number of people need have been directly engaged in ironmaking , for the Wealden industry was still in the 1520s no more than poised on the threshold of greatness , with only three blast furnaces in operation , and indeed the original one at Newbridge standing idle without a tenant .
no great number of people need have been directly engaged in ironmaking , for the wealden industry was still in the 1520s no more than poised on the threshold of greatness , with only three blast furnaces in [use] , and indeed the original one at newbridge standing idle without a tenant .

At Robertsbridge coaling was merely one branch of a complex operation which produced cordwood for fuel , as well as inch-board , ship board and planking , which of course kept numerous sawyers busy .
at robertsbridge coaling was merely one branch of a complex [use] which produced cordwood for fuel , as well as inch-board , ship board and planking , which of course kept numerous sawyers busy .

Minnesota-based Norwest Venture Capital has opened a new California operation in Menlo Park under general partner George Still .
minnesota-based norwest venture capital has opened a new california [use] in menlo park under general partner george still .

Santa Cruz Operation Inc , Santa Cruz home of desktop and low-end Unix , got its initial public offering of 6m shares , 3.6m of them new , away at $ 12.50 a share , to raise about $ 41.1m net , for which the company did not give plans .
santa cruz [use] inc , santa cruz home of desktop and low-end unix , got its initial public offering of 6m shares , 3.6m of them new , away at $ 12.50 a share , to raise about $ 41.1m net , for which the company did not give plans .

The entire Hegelian machinery simply lays down the operation of a system already in place , already operating in everyday life .
the entire hegelian machinery simply lays down the [use] of a system already in place , already operating in everyday life .

Marxism 's standing Hegel on his head may have reversed his idealism , but it did not change the mode of operation of a conceptual system which remains collusively Eurocentric .
marxism 's standing hegel on his head may have reversed his idealism , but it did not change the mode of [use] of a conceptual system which remains collusively eurocentric .

The real difficulty has always been to find an alternative to the Hegelian dialectic — difficult because strictly speaking it is impossible , insofar as the operation of the dialectic already includes its negation .
the real difficulty has always been to find an alternative to the hegelian dialectic — difficult because strictly speaking it is impossible , insofar as the [use] of the dialectic already includes its negation .

Whereas Levinas , like Habermas , posits an authentic language of expression which abhors the distortions of ‘ rhetoric ’ , Derrida argues that such alterity is constituted not through dialogue but rather through the operation of language itself : Levinas ' transcendence-as-surplus is therefore redefined as a Derridean supplement .
whereas levinas , like habermas , posits an authentic language of expression which abhors the distortions of ‘ rhetoric ’ , derrida argues that such alterity is constituted not through dialogue but rather through the [use] of language itself : levinas ' transcendence-as-surplus is therefore redefined as a derridean supplement .

That history , from one perspective , could be seen as a consistent struggle to retain Lukács ' legacy in which history , the dialectic and the totality are interdependent to the extent that each is essential to the operation of the other in the production of a Marxist science .
that history , from one perspective , could be seen as a consistent struggle to retain lukács ' legacy in which history , the dialectic and the totality are interdependent to the extent that each is essential to the [use] of the other in the production of a marxist science .

This formulation enabled Althusser to theorize a decentred totality which allowed the possibility of differences without reducing each instance to the operation of an essence or a single principle , such as the dialectic .
this formulation enabled althusser to theorize a decentred totality which allowed the possibility of differences without reducing each instance to the [use] of an essence or a single principle , such as the dialectic .

Instead of centring his analyses on the knowledge derived from the experience of the subject , Foucault investigates the conditions of emergence of the subject as the basis of knowledge ; he argues that at the same time as it was widely proposed as the one saving good of human civilization it also facilitated a more sinister operation .
instead of centring his analyses on the knowledge derived from the experience of the subject , foucault investigates the conditions of emergence of the subject as the basis of knowledge ; he argues that at the same time as it was widely proposed as the one saving good of human civilization it also facilitated a more sinister [use] .

It seems the boys from Sun Microsystems Inc , Santa Cruz Operation Inc and Unix System Laboratories Inc have had their heads together with Intel Corp for some months and must be getting close to agreeing an Application Binary Interface for Unix with the semiconductor house .
it seems the boys from sun microsystems inc , santa cruz [use] inc and unix system laboratories inc have had their heads together with intel corp for some months and must be getting close to agreeing an application binary interface for unix with the semiconductor house .

The Santa Cruz Operation is reportedly going to change the name of Open Desktop to something more in keeping with the server : Open Server perhaps ?
the santa cruz [use] is reportedly going to change the name of open desktop to something more in keeping with the server : open server perhaps ?

SCOForum ‘ 92 is the largest of the eight annual technical and marketing seminar weeks held by the Santa Cruz Operation so far .
scoforum ‘ 92 is the largest of the eight annual technical and marketing seminar weeks held by the santa cruz [use] so far .

In 1893 , it was found necessary to perform a minor operation on one of the inmates , for which the administration of ‘ laughing gas ’ was required .
in 1893 , it was found necessary to perform a minor [use] on one of the inmates , for which the administration of ‘ laughing gas ’ was required .

Another operation was done on a woman with a diseased hip ; the general anaesthetic was given by Dr. Willmer Phillips .
another [use] was done on a woman with a diseased hip ; the general anaesthetic was given by dr. willmer phillips .

In February 1942 , Captain Oswald Benton , a welfare officer , Royal Artillery , wrote to the county treasurer on behalf of one of his soldiers whose wife had had an operation at St. Peter 's , and who had received a bill for £1.4s.0d. ( which included £1.1s.0d. for the anaesthetic fee ) :
in february 1942 , captain oswald benton , a welfare officer , royal artillery , wrote to the county treasurer on behalf of one of his soldiers whose wife had had an [use] at st. peter 's , and who had received a bill for £1.4s.0d. ( which included £1.1s.0d. for the anaesthetic fee ) :

It may also be for the benefit of the institution to state that of the patients discharged , cured and remaining in the House three were afflicted with that most excruciating complaint , the stone … the operation has been thrice successfully performed .
it may also be for the benefit of the institution to state that of the patients discharged , cured and remaining in the house three were afflicted with that most excruciating complaint , the stone … the [use] has been thrice successfully performed .

No person was to be present at an operation other than with the consent of the surgeon who was performing it .
no person was to be present at an [use] other than with the consent of the surgeon who was performing it .

The classic Portage model extends to the organisation and management of the programme at all levels and stages of operation .
the classic portage model extends to the organisation and management of the programme at all levels and stages of [use] .

The programmes of study will apply from five years of age , likewise the attainment targets , although not in operation formally until the age of seven years , will of course be drawn from the study programmes in the first two years of statutory schooling .
the programmes of study will apply from five years of age , likewise the attainment targets , although not in [use] formally until the age of seven years , will of course be drawn from the study programmes in the first two years of statutory schooling .

Plants will normally come to bloom earlier in a greenhouse than outside , but in either case the most propitious time for the operation is during a spell , and after a couple of days , of bright sunny weather .
plants will normally come to bloom earlier in a greenhouse than outside , but in either case the most propitious time for the [use] is during a spell , and after a couple of days , of bright sunny weather .

If it can not be proved wrong , then the scientist will conclude that there is a causal law in operation , and will advise farmers , who are likely to have paid for the research , of this .
if it can not be proved wrong , then the scientist will conclude that there is a causal law in [use] , and will advise farmers , who are likely to have paid for the research , of this .

Neither of them cared for the sexually explicit — ‘ Rather like having an operation described to one , do n't you think ?
neither of them cared for the sexually explicit — ‘ rather like having an [use] described to one , do n't you think ?

Other newspaper organizations sought to follow suit in the hope of modernizing their operation and reducing their labour costs .
other newspaper organizations sought to follow suit in the hope of modernizing their [use] and reducing their labour costs .

But the initial simple desire for change soon took on a more sinister hue when Rupert Murdoch completely switched his printing operation from Fleet Street to Wapping in the East End of London .
but the initial simple desire for change soon took on a more sinister hue when rupert murdoch completely switched his printing [use] from fleet street to wapping in the east end of london .

Murdoch had long planned to move part of his operation to Wapping so as to increase his printing capacity .
murdoch had long planned to move part of his [use] to wapping so as to increase his printing capacity .

In an operation which continues to be a major point of argument , Murdoch sacked his 6,000-plus workers in Fleet Street and re-opened his operation — for legal reasons , under a different organizational name — in Wapping .
in an [use] which continues to be a major point of argument , murdoch sacked his 6,000-plus workers in fleet street and re-opened his [use] — for legal reasons , under a different organizational name — in wapping .

After five years in operation , Channel Four has proved itself on both counts .
after five years in [use] , channel four has proved itself on both counts .

Heidrick took the initiative in persuading his more cautious partner to take the plunge and set up their own headhunting operation ; he chose an opportune moment .
heidrick took the initiative in persuading his more cautious partner to take the plunge and set up their own headhunting [use] ; he chose an opportune moment .

Our research into the origins and operation of this service highlights the rhetorical nature of the altruistic model and illustrates the internal politics , both local and national , of the profession .
our research into the origins and [use] of this service highlights the rhetorical nature of the altruistic model and illustrates the internal politics , both local and national , of the profession .

It became clear in the operation of the first category that , for example , strong social conscience or interest did not necessarily bring a concomitant skill in criminal advocacy .
it became clear in the [use] of the first category that , for example , strong social conscience or interest did not necessarily bring a concomitant skill in criminal advocacy .

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has thrown in the towel on its Unix fax unit Samsung Software America and dissolved the operation after about a year .
samsung electronics co ltd has thrown in the towel on its unix fax unit samsung software america and dissolved the [use] after about a year .

However , the developer of the Replix software , Dr Hikyu Lee , who had been president of Samsung Software , has picked up the rights to it and moved it to SoftLinks Inc , a new operation he 's starting with ex-Data General man John Doyle as vice president , sales and marketing .
however , the developer of the replix software , dr hikyu lee , who had been president of samsung software , has picked up the rights to it and moved it to softlinks inc , a new [use] he 's starting with ex-data general man john doyle as vice president , sales and marketing .

His argument would be that most electronic circuits are organized interactively , by which we mean that the proper operation of one component depends on the normal operation of all of the others .
his argument would be that most electronic circuits are organized interactively , by which we mean that the proper [use] of one component depends on the normal [use] of all of the others .

Some thirty years ago an operation was introduced to control the spread of epilepsy from an affected cerebral hemisphere to the other , unaffected one .
some thirty years ago an [use] was introduced to control the spread of epilepsy from an affected cerebral hemisphere to the other , unaffected one .

This operation involved cutting the main fibre tract that joins the two halves of the brain , the corpus callosum .
this [use] involved cutting the main fibre tract that joins the two halves of the brain , the corpus callosum .

This operation has little effect on day-to-day behaviour , although it is not completely without consequences .
this [use] has little effect on day-to-day behaviour , although it is not completely without consequences .

The advantages for the conservation of the Broads are virtually silent operation , no pollution and a hull design which helps minimise bank erosion .
the advantages for the conservation of the broads are virtually silent [use] , no pollution and a hull design which helps minimise bank erosion .

The valve assembly — with protruding plastic tubes essential to its operation — looked particularly vulnerable to rough handling .
the valve assembly — with protruding plastic tubes essential to its [use] — looked particularly vulnerable to rough handling .

The tariff which came into operation in 1880 was a direct response .
the tariff which came into [use] in 1880 was a direct response .

Extraterritorial privileges , which removed Europeans from the operation of the local judiciary , existed in Japan , China and parts of the Ottoman Empire .
extraterritorial privileges , which removed europeans from the [use] of the local judiciary , existed in japan , china and parts of the ottoman empire .

For convenience , one can be called ‘ market ’ society , and one ‘ status ’ society ; the crucial distinction between them is that in one privileges and obligations were increasingly distributed through competition in the market , and in the other by the operation of an acknowledged and traditional hierarchy of status .
for convenience , one can be called ‘ market ’ society , and one ‘ status ’ society ; the crucial distinction between them is that in one privileges and obligations were increasingly distributed through competition in the market , and in the other by the [use] of an acknowledged and traditional hierarchy of status .

And if some of these assumptions were harsh in their operation they were tempered by a humanitarianism which stemmed from the same eighteenth-century roots .
and if some of these assumptions were harsh in their [use] they were tempered by a humanitarianism which stemmed from the same eighteenth-century roots .

This might hamstring the government and its operation was sometimes confusing to foreign observers .
this might hamstring the government and its [use] was sometimes confusing to foreign observers .

From its outset , Operation Barbarossa assumed a class character , and it quickly escalated into a ‘ war of hatred ’ .
from its outset , [use] barbarossa assumed a class character , and it quickly escalated into a ‘ war of hatred ’ .

Santa Cruz Operation Inc has moved its director of product management , Grover Righter — a former Univel Inc vice president of engineering — to the position of vice president , product management .
santa cruz [use] inc has moved its director of product management , grover righter — a former univel inc vice president of engineering — to the position of vice president , product management .

And as one of Althusser 's commentators reminds us , ‘ Not only is there no special reason to believe that the subjects constituted and distributed by these mechanisms should be constituted so as to ‘ understand ’ the mechanisms by which they are constituted but , on the contrary , it is a condition of operation of many of the mechanisms that they are not understood by the subjects they ‘ constitute ’ .
and as one of althusser 's commentators reminds us , ‘ not only is there no special reason to believe that the subjects constituted and distributed by these mechanisms should be constituted so as to ‘ understand ’ the mechanisms by which they are constituted but , on the contrary , it is a condition of [use] of many of the mechanisms that they are not understood by the subjects they ‘ constitute ’ .

In his famous concluding paragraph of The Origin of Species Darwin expressed wonder that the diversity of the organic world can have been produced from one or a few ancestors by the operation of several natural laws — ‘ there is grandeur in this view of life … ’ .
in his famous concluding paragraph of the origin of species darwin expressed wonder that the diversity of the organic world can have been produced from one or a few ancestors by the [use] of several natural laws — ‘ there is grandeur in this view of life … ’ .

This strongly implies the operation of some form of control by the physical environment , and some likely examples of an ultimate link with plate tectonics have been presented above .
this strongly implies the [use] of some form of control by the physical environment , and some likely examples of an ultimate link with plate tectonics have been presented above .

Presumably he did n't rate the Stalinvast operation as requiring really major surgery — even though thirty hive cities had been devastated to date and several totally destroyed . Casualties ? Twenty million civilians and combatants ? Out of a thousand cities housing billions …
presumably he did n't rate the stalinvast [use] as requiring really major surgery — even though thirty hive cities had been devastated to date and several totally destroyed . casualties ? twenty million civilians and combatants ? out of a thousand cities housing billions …

To reverse the mode of operation of the Jokaero spying device in this manner , the Harlequin man must understand the technology better than Jaq did . Carnelian must know special runes to inscribe around the eye-screen and arcane litanies to incant , to make it serve this two-way purpose , which perhaps had been the true purpose of the device in the first place …
to reverse the mode of [use] of the jokaero spying device in this manner , the harlequin man must understand the technology better than jaq did . carnelian must know special runes to inscribe around the eye-screen and arcane litanies to incant , to make it serve this two-way purpose , which perhaps had been the true purpose of the device in the first place …

Sybase Inc has picked up Francois Stieger to run its Gain Technology operation in Europe .
sybase inc has picked up francois stieger to run its gain technology [use] in europe .

The Comdex people are putting together a show for South America as a joint venture with local operation .
the comdex people are putting together a show for south america as a joint venture with local [use] .

Operation Brightwater , a three-year campaign run by The Scottish Conservation Projects Trust , received £2,000 from Glenfiddich Living Scotland Awards .
[use] brightwater , a three-year campaign run by the scottish conservation projects trust , received £2,000 from glenfiddich living scotland awards .

Not a good year … On October 26 the Historic Aircraft Association is convening a conference at Middle Wallop to discuss the operation of historic aircraft , particularly in the light of the losses during 1991 .
not a good year … on october 26 the historic aircraft association is convening a conference at middle wallop to discuss the [use] of historic aircraft , particularly in the light of the losses during 1991 .

The very fact that there are bodies in existence whereby such matters can be mulled over , experiences exchanged and ‘ fixes ’ established bodes more than well for the safe operation of such aircraft .
the very fact that there are bodies in existence whereby such matters can be mulled over , experiences exchanged and ‘ fixes ’ established bodes more than well for the safe [use] of such aircraft .

Best known element of this operation is Air Atlantique , operators of a fleet of nine DC-3s and two DC-6s on specialist cargo and charter work anywhere they are required .
best known element of this [use] is air atlantique , operators of a fleet of nine dc-3s and two dc-6s on specialist cargo and charter work anywhere they are required .

Upon closer inspection of the tidal Cart , however , it was realized only two hours would be available during high tide for the operation .
upon closer inspection of the tidal cart , however , it was realized only two hours would be available during high tide for the [use] .

Despite the desire to maintain secrecy , the entire operation was under the scrutiny of local citizens in the area , many of whom stayed for hours to witness the spectacle .
despite the desire to maintain secrecy , the entire [use] was under the scrutiny of local citizens in the area , many of whom stayed for hours to witness the spectacle .

This was to be Sugar 's last operation for almost five months .
this was to be sugar 's last [use] for almost five months .

Although it does n't quite tie-up with the listing of Sugar 's operations , Albert Wallace 's logbook states that it was Sugar 's ‘ 130th Operation ’ .
although it does n't quite tie-up with the listing of sugar 's operations , albert wallace 's logbook states that it was sugar 's ‘ 130th [use] ’ .

Approaching her 100th operation , Sugar gets a check-over from her groundcrew .
approaching her 100th [use] , sugar gets a check-over from her groundcrew .

Armourers are about to load-up a 4,000lb Cookie and at least a dozen 500lb bombs are ready for the night 's operation .
armourers are about to load-up a 4,000lb cookie and at least a dozen 500lb bombs are ready for the night 's [use] .

From that initial base , it is possible in Year Two to examine particular technologies and to evaluate the benefits and economies of their implementation within a publishing operation .
from that initial base , it is possible in year two to examine particular technologies and to evaluate the benefits and economies of their implementation within a publishing [use] .

The importance of this technique is that the young child experiences stimulation of the normal feeding and sucking patterns which prevents reluctance to eat once the operation is completed and the child has recovered .
the importance of this technique is that the young child experiences stimulation of the normal feeding and sucking patterns which prevents reluctance to eat once the [use] is completed and the child has recovered .

If the red light starts to flash whilst in operation , the battery has less than 5 % life left , and there is no light at all when the battery is completely flat .
if the red light starts to flash whilst in [use] , the battery has less than 5 % life left , and there is no light at all when the battery is completely flat .

Claimed to be exceptionally easy to use , this new driver is designed for high-pressure operation .
claimed to be exceptionally easy to use , this new driver is designed for high-pressure [use] .

The graduate assignment system , in operation since the 1950s , usually placed young people according to national plan and local demands .
the graduate assignment system , in [use] since the 1950s , usually placed young people according to national plan and local demands .

The mining operation goes on 24hrs a day , supported by over 20 miners and engineers .
the mining [use] goes on 24hrs a day , supported by over 20 miners and engineers .

Since the lace carriage does not actually knit the stitches , it needs a place to ‘ rest ’ while not in operation .
since the lace carriage does not actually knit the stitches , it needs a place to ‘ rest ’ while not in [use] .

Many of the rules for knitting these stitches on single bed go out of the window as soon as you bring the second bed into operation .
many of the rules for knitting these stitches on single bed go out of the window as soon as you bring the second bed into [use] .

While Parsons maintains a special epistemological prerogative for science , his interest is in the operation of Values ' in the field of knowledge .
while parsons maintains a special epistemological prerogative for science , his interest is in the [use] of values ' in the field of knowledge .

If the failure of the ‘ ideological forms ’ lies in the operation of an idealist epistemology , the specific instances of ideological forms ( religion , aesthetics , the law , politics , philosophy ) that Marx mentions , seem doomed only to the extent that they depend on an idealist epistemology .
if the failure of the ‘ ideological forms ’ lies in the [use] of an idealist epistemology , the specific instances of ideological forms ( religion , aesthetics , the law , politics , philosophy ) that marx mentions , seem doomed only to the extent that they depend on an idealist epistemology .

The text is a ‘ galaxy of signifiers , not a structure of signifieds ’ ( Barthes 1975 : 5 ) to be approached by the operation of interpretation :
the text is a ‘ galaxy of signifiers , not a structure of signifieds ’ ( barthes 1975 : 5 ) to be approached by the [use] of interpretation :

What is oppressive about the emphasis on the sign as a signifier is that human action and the operation of power are overlooked .
what is oppressive about the emphasis on the sign as a signifier is that human action and the [use] of power are overlooked .

The third sister then puts into operation an elaborate plan to get all the wizard 's gold and trap him and all his cohorts in his house , to which her brothers then set fire .
the third sister then puts into [use] an elaborate plan to get all the wizard 's gold and trap him and all his cohorts in his house , to which her brothers then set fire .

The new prefilter has been in operation for 4 weeks now with no alteration of flow .
the new prefilter has been in [use] for 4 weeks now with no alteration of flow .

This filter has proved a boom to keepers of sensitive fish by keeping nitrate levels under control but its operation needs to be constantly monitored .
this filter has proved a boom to keepers of sensitive fish by keeping nitrate levels under control but its [use] needs to be constantly monitored .

It is easy to assume that any significant , gender-linked difference should be attributed to the general operation of gender roles .
it is easy to assume that any significant , gender-linked difference should be attributed to the general [use] of gender roles .

It is an account of Operation Torch , the Allied invasion of North Africa .
it is an account of [use] torch , the allied invasion of north africa .

The operation , a gallant failure , was mounted from Skitten by troops in two Horsa gliders towed by Halifaxes .
the [use] , a gallant failure , was mounted from skitten by troops in two horsa gliders towed by halifaxes .

Believe me this law seems to come into operation unfailingly at about 3.20pm every day !
believe me this law seems to come into [use] unfailingly at about 3.20pm every day !

It was the next operation that caused the most trouble .
it was the next [use] that caused the most trouble .

After a two-hour operation , doctors said John , of Kirkby , Merseyside , owes his life to a padded jacket which prevented the jagged metal piercing vital organs .
after a two-hour [use] , doctors said john , of kirkby , merseyside , owes his life to a padded jacket which prevented the jagged metal piercing vital organs .

Cancer scare operation for Hepburn the screen legend
cancer scare [use] for hepburn the screen legend

The 63-year-old Oscar winning actress is expected to spend a week in hospital after Sunday 's operation on the tumour , which may be cancerous .
the 63-year-old oscar winning actress is expected to spend a week in hospital after sunday 's [use] on the tumour , which may be cancerous .

‘ She spent the night in intensive care after the operation , and then was moved to a private room where she is recovering . ’
‘ she spent the night in intensive care after the [use] , and then was moved to a private room where she is recovering . ’

‘ Some burglars have hidden stolen property in the hedge of the house they have broken into , ’ said Detective Inspector Jon Shatford , who led the 150 officers carrying out the raids in Operation Bumblebee .
‘ some burglars have hidden stolen property in the hedge of the house they have broken into , ’ said detective inspector jon shatford , who led the 150 officers carrying out the raids in [use] bumblebee .

Officers on Operation Bumblebee have already arrested and charged 3,640 people in connection with house break-ins .
officers on [use] bumblebee have already arrested and charged 3,640 people in connection with house break-ins .

The raid was part of a national operation to smash a ring of video dealers and included operations in Leicester , South Wales , Cornwall , the West Midlands , Northants and Cheshire .
the raid was part of a national [use] to smash a ring of video dealers and included operations in leicester , south wales , cornwall , the west midlands , northants and cheshire .

She was still taking medication after her breast cancer operation but she seemed to be on top form and very bubbly and full of plans for the future .
she was still taking medication after her breast cancer [use] but she seemed to be on top form and very bubbly and full of plans for the future .

But a tracheotomy throat operation which helped to save his life may have changed his distinctive voice forever .
but a tracheotomy throat [use] which helped to save his life may have changed his distinctive voice forever .

Lawyers claimed they had tried to suppress official papers showing the extent of the arms selling operation .
lawyers claimed they had tried to suppress official papers showing the extent of the arms selling [use] .

Becky , of Shanklin , on the Isle of Wight , will need at least one more operation in January to cover up the remaining bald patches on her head .
becky , of shanklin , on the isle of wight , will need at least one more [use] in january to cover up the remaining bald patches on her head .

We do n't know whether she will need an operation .
we do n't know whether she will need an [use] .

Darius Guppy — who was best man at the 1989 wedding of Viscount Althorp , now Earl Spencer — set up a superbly-planned operation culminating in a bogus jewel robbery at a New York hotel , it was claimed .
darius guppy — who was best man at the 1989 wedding of viscount althorp , now earl spencer — set up a superbly-planned [use] culminating in a bogus jewel robbery at a new york hotel , it was claimed .

It warned that vets performing the operation routinely would face an allegation of ‘ disgraceful conduct ’ which could result in them being struck off .
it warned that vets performing the [use] routinely would face an allegation of ‘ disgraceful conduct ’ which could result in them being struck off .

From July it will be illegal for anyone other than a vet to carry out the operation .
from july it will be illegal for anyone other than a vet to carry out the [use] .

Cheryl Wragg , 34 , was airlifted 150 miles for the operation , just weeks after 10-year-old Adele 's appeal , only to be told at the last minute the lungs were unsuitable .
cheryl wragg , 34 , was airlifted 150 miles for the [use] , just weeks after 10-year-old adele 's appeal , only to be told at the last minute the lungs were unsuitable .

They are setting up the Horsewatch operation in Hampshire to protect the animals after a pony was attacked with a fence post .
they are setting up the horsewatch [use] in hampshire to protect the animals after a pony was attacked with a fence post .

Money , paid allegedly for takeover fees and consultancy advice , was channelled to various associates of Guinness for the purpose of buying Guinness shares , thereby increasing the share price — this is known as a share-support operation .
money , paid allegedly for takeover fees and consultancy advice , was channelled to various associates of guinness for the purpose of buying guinness shares , thereby increasing the share price — this is known as a share-support [use] .

It was not at all clear exactly what the proposed Austin Rover/Ford operation would entail .
it was not at all clear exactly what the proposed austin rover/ford [use] would entail .

There were worries that the combined Austin Rover/Ford operation would develop merely into an assembly plant for cars designed abroad .
there were worries that the combined austin rover/ford [use] would develop merely into an assembly plant for cars designed abroad .

In addition Housing Action Trusts were proposed in order to take over the operation of specific run-down council estates , with the intention of changing their tenure to the private sector or housing associations .
in addition housing action trusts were proposed in order to take over the [use] of specific run-down council estates , with the intention of changing their tenure to the private sector or housing associations .

Various alternative schemes for raising local authority revenue have been proposed and are in operation in other countries .
various alternative schemes for raising local authority revenue have been proposed and are in [use] in other countries .

The control exercised from this remote box , therefore , was vital to the smooth operation of this busy line .
the control exercised from this remote box , therefore , was vital to the smooth [use] of this busy line .

Life for Jack Rothera soon settled into an interesting routine and nothing untoward happened to disturb the smooth operation of his signal box .
life for jack rothera soon settled into an interesting routine and nothing untoward happened to disturb the smooth [use] of his signal box .

Control was informed of the news and the relief signalman , Ted Hudson who lived in Market Rasen , was summoned to take over the operation of the box .
control was informed of the news and the relief signalman , ted hudson who lived in market rasen , was summoned to take over the [use] of the box .

Ted resumed the operation of the cabin and tried to shake off the depressing atmosphere that now pervaded the small room .
ted resumed the [use] of the cabin and tried to shake off the depressing atmosphere that now pervaded the small room .

Ted decided to stop the operation and return home to discuss the find with his wife , Maureen , whose counsel was always common sense .
ted decided to stop the [use] and return home to discuss the find with his wife , maureen , whose counsel was always common sense .

Unfortunately at this point Martin Fleischmann entered hospital for a serious operation which interrupted the project for almost a year .
unfortunately at this point martin fleischmann entered hospital for a serious [use] which interrupted the project for almost a year .

The whole operation had taken a few seconds only , a little huddle of activity in all of which the discreet entry of Liz Spalding to the house had had a good chance of going unnoticed by any distant , watching eyes .
the whole [use] had taken a few seconds only , a little huddle of activity in all of which the discreet entry of liz spalding to the house had had a good chance of going unnoticed by any distant , watching eyes .

Twice , in less than four days , what should have been a simple operation had turned bad .
twice , in less than four days , what should have been a simple [use] had turned bad .

His boyish features seemed almost bright , almost happy , as he listened to the Coroner questioning a police Inspector , who had been in charge of the Metropolitan Police 's part in the operation .
his boyish features seemed almost bright , almost happy , as he listened to the coroner questioning a police inspector , who had been in charge of the metropolitan police 's part in the [use] .

Bodie entered the gallery and sat down next to Cowley , grimacing as he saw the open-heart operation below .
bodie entered the gallery and sat down next to cowley , grimacing as he saw the open-heart [use] below .

Sighing , Cowley looked back down at the operation . ‘ Will he ? Does he want to ? How strong 's his will ? ,
sighing , cowley looked back down at the [use] . ‘ will he ? does he want to ? how strong 's his will ? ,

Edward Siegel , tired after the operation , explained to Cowley that , ‘ His system is basically dormant .
edward siegel , tired after the [use] , explained to cowley that , ‘ his system is basically dormant .

Bodie shivered at the thought of undergoing the same operation as his colleague .
bodie shivered at the thought of undergoing the same [use] as his colleague .

Meanwhile , Wallaby skipper Michael Lynagh will set out on a remarkable 24,000 mile round trip that will take him to Brisbane for an operation and back to Wales for the final fortnight of the Australian tour .
meanwhile , wallaby skipper michael lynagh will set out on a remarkable 24,000 mile round trip that will take him to brisbane for an [use] and back to wales for the final fortnight of the australian tour .

Manager Trevor Francis has had to drop gifted teenager Chris Bart-Williams to make way for Sheridan 's comeback from a knee operation .
manager trevor francis has had to drop gifted teenager chris bart-williams to make way for sheridan 's comeback from a knee [use] .

He has already undergone one operation and faces further surgery .
he has already undergone one [use] and faces further surgery .

The Welsh skipper faces an operation on his hernia tomorrow and will miss Wales 's big international clashes with England and France over the next few weeks .
the welsh skipper faces an [use] on his hernia tomorrow and will miss wales 's big international clashes with england and france over the next few weeks .

The Crystal Palace winger was hurt in training on Monday , jarring the same knee that required a career-saving operation in the United States last year .
the crystal palace winger was hurt in training on monday , jarring the same knee that required a career-saving [use] in the united states last year .

‘ He had another operation to have the tendon removed , and he 's recovered from that , too .
‘ he had another [use] to have the tendon removed , and he 's recovered from that , too .

Topsham Bay has had a wind operation since his Sandown success and looked badly in need of the run when well beaten at Exeter on his reappearance .
topsham bay has had a wind [use] since his sandown success and looked badly in need of the run when well beaten at exeter on his reappearance .

Juventus are likely to authorise an operation during the Italian League 's Christmas break .
juventus are likely to authorise an [use] during the italian league 's christmas break .

Platt had originally planned to undergo the operation during the Christmas break but felt a constant pain in his knee during his warm-up before Juventus ' game against Torino on Sunday .
platt had originally planned to undergo the [use] during the christmas break but felt a constant pain in his knee during his warm-up before juventus ' game against torino on sunday .

The 20-year-old returns to full training following his hernia operation , convinced he can further boost Spurs revival and has set his sights on a Coca-Cola Cup date at Nottingham Forest on December 2 .
the 20-year-old returns to full training following his hernia [use] , convinced he can further boost spurs revival and has set his sights on a coca-cola cup date at nottingham forest on december 2 .

The 20-year-old , recovering from a hernia operation , returns to full training convinced he can boost Spurs revival still further .
the 20-year-old , recovering from a hernia [use] , returns to full training convinced he can boost spurs revival still further .

‘ His knee is slightly unstable and we thought it best he saw the surgeon who performed the operation . ’
‘ his knee is slightly unstable and we thought it best he saw the surgeon who performed the [use] . ’

The operation involved a tendon from a dead man 's leg being grafted onto Salako 's knee .
the [use] involved a tendon from a dead man 's leg being grafted onto salako 's knee .

But the £1.7 million winger has made an express recovery from a hernia operation and could return at the City Ground .
but the £1.7 million winger has made an express recovery from a hernia [use] and could return at the city ground .

Holdsworth , a £725,000 summer signing from Brentford , has not scored in six matches since a hernia operation .
holdsworth , a £725,000 summer signing from brentford , has not scored in six matches since a hernia [use] .

Shamlou was in no doubt that this would be a dangerous operation .
shamlou was in no doubt that this would be a dangerous [use] .

There you will meet a man who will brief you on the details of when and where the operation will take place .
there you will meet a man who will brief you on the details of when and where the [use] will take place .

It is he who has been instructed by our intelligence people in London how to conduct the operation with three friends .
it is he who has been instructed by our intelligence people in london how to conduct the [use] with three friends .

‘ They know nothing of your part of the operation .
‘ they know nothing of your part of the [use] .

She had her first operation when she was 21 days old and has never experienced the life of a healthy child .
she had her first [use] when she was 21 days old and has never experienced the life of a healthy child .

Patrick , who joins Michael and EastEnders actress mum Lizzie Power for a family holiday in Sardinia on Wish You Were Here , was born with cerebral palsy and is recovering after a major hip operation which his father describes as ‘ monstrous ’ .
patrick , who joins michael and eastenders actress mum lizzie power for a family holiday in sardinia on wish you were here , was born with cerebral palsy and is recovering after a major hip [use] which his father describes as ‘ monstrous ’ .

It was such a major operation but it had to be done although sometimes you think : My God , he 's worse off than before .
it was such a major [use] but it had to be done although sometimes you think : my god , he 's worse off than before .

Michael was shocked by the appearance of Patrick 's limb after the operation .
michael was shocked by the appearance of patrick 's limb after the [use] .

When the operation is over and after nine weeks the plaster comes off , you expect to see a wasted thin limb .
when the [use] is over and after nine weeks the plaster comes off , you expect to see a wasted thin limb .

Hollywood legend Audrey Hepburn 's son Lucca has flown to Los Angeles from Europe to be at her bedside after her colon-cancer operation .
hollywood legend audrey hepburn 's son lucca has flown to los angeles from europe to be at her bedside after her colon-cancer [use] .

Anyway the hormones must have worked because the second operation was a fantastic success .
anyway the hormones must have worked because the second [use] was a fantastic success .

Ford says it is well advanced with development of a commercial version of the technology and hopes it will be in operation within five years .
ford says it is well advanced with development of a commercial version of the technology and hopes it will be in [use] within five years .

The half-facelift operation cost £2,500 and left her bruised and sore for more than three weeks .
the half-facelift [use] cost £2,500 and left her bruised and sore for more than three weeks .

With the help of new technology it has now branched out into a franchise operation called Videopics .
with the help of new technology it has now branched out into a franchise [use] called videopics .

‘ This is the beauty of our operation , ’ says Mr Cooper .
‘ this is the beauty of our [use] , ’ says mr cooper .

‘ This type of operation has been run before but never to this standard .
‘ this type of [use] has been run before but never to this standard .

But no suitable donor organ could be found and finally , weakened by long-term dialysis , he was taken off the waiting list when doctors decided his body could not stand an operation .
but no suitable donor organ could be found and finally , weakened by long-term dialysis , he was taken off the waiting list when doctors decided his body could not stand an [use] .

He was given a ballooning operation , one of 300 performed at Bart 's this year , to widen the arteries to his heart .
he was given a ballooning [use] , one of 300 performed at bart 's this year , to widen the arteries to his heart .

There are several levels of group operation , all of which can be useful in work with older people .
there are several levels of group [use] , all of which can be useful in work with older people .

‘ See the white bars in the top right-hand corner , Jane ? They represent enemy ships sunk by torpedoes , and the crossed guns on the left means they 've been in a surface action — that 'd be when they got the German destroyer — and the dagger below is a special operation . ’
‘ see the white bars in the top right-hand corner , jane ? they represent enemy ships sunk by torpedoes , and the crossed guns on the left means they 've been in a surface action — that 'd be when they got the german destroyer — and the dagger below is a special [use] . ’

‘ Special operation ?
‘ special [use] ?

Scientists talk in terms of ‘ generations ’ of computers , and the most advanced of the machines in operation at the moment are of the fourth generation .
scientists talk in terms of ‘ generations ’ of computers , and the most advanced of the machines in [use] at the moment are of the fourth generation .

This is a very simple operation if you have the correct tools and a little confidence , but it can be a nightmare to the learner .
this is a very simple [use] if you have the correct tools and a little confidence , but it can be a nightmare to the learner .

Assuming that you have managed to secure the pieces without any glue showing , the trickiest part of the operation comes next : you must now ensure that the mirror is scrupulously clean and free from dust .
assuming that you have managed to secure the pieces without any glue showing , the trickiest part of the [use] comes next : you must now ensure that the mirror is scrupulously clean and free from dust .

On Monday , all Charlie 's digestive organs were replaced in a 16-hour operation in the same Pittsburgh hospital where four-year-old Laura 's life was saved .
on monday , all charlie 's digestive organs were replaced in a 16-hour [use] in the same pittsburgh hospital where four-year-old laura 's life was saved .

Now , after three years planning , the 19-strong Operation Darc Star squad — led by Falklands war hero Lt Col Philip Neame — aims to be the first British success .
now , after three years planning , the 19-strong [use] darc star squad — led by falklands war hero lt col philip neame — aims to be the first british success .

The operation was a complete success and doctors at the Sutter General Hospital look forward to using the automaton again in nine more test operations .
the [use] was a complete success and doctors at the sutter general hospital look forward to using the automaton again in nine more test operations .

The operation , which normally takes two and a half hours , lasted twice as long , allowing the surgeons and systems engineers to mix the robot technology with traditional procedures .
the [use] , which normally takes two and a half hours , lasted twice as long , allowing the surgeons and systems engineers to mix the robot technology with traditional procedures .

Carrying out the precision drilling in a delicate hip replacement operation is the world 's first robotic surgeon .
carrying out the precision drilling in a delicate hip replacement [use] is the world 's first robotic surgeon .

Using three dimensional imaging , he told Robodoc exactly where he wanted to put the implant before starting the five-hour operation .
using three dimensional imaging , he told robodoc exactly where he wanted to put the implant before starting the five-hour [use] .

Meanwhile the patient , who has not been named , was making a rapid recovery and yesterday walked for the first time since the operation .
meanwhile the patient , who has not been named , was making a rapid recovery and yesterday walked for the first time since the [use] .

Detectives launched the massive operation after eavesdropping on the conversation between a mystery woman and the playboy yachtsman accused of murdering his parents .
detectives launched the massive [use] after eavesdropping on the conversation between a mystery woman and the playboy yachtsman accused of murdering his parents .

Newall was arrested in August this year when a Royal Navy frigate intercepted his yacht off Gibraltar — an operation that cost an estimated £250,000 .
newall was arrested in august this year when a royal navy frigate intercepted his yacht off gibraltar — an [use] that cost an estimated £250,000 .

for demonstrating its operation or the operation of its accessories or equipment when being handed over to the purchaser ;
for demonstrating its [use] or the [use] of its accessories or equipment when being handed over to the purchaser ;

on which a part of ( the means of operation of ) the braking system fitted thereto
on which a part of ( the means of [use] of ) the braking system fitted thereto

‘ on which a part of ( the means of operation of ) the braking system fitted thereto ’ This point means that ‘ a part ’ , e.g .
‘ on which a part of ( the means of [use] of ) the braking system fitted thereto ’ this point means that ‘ a part ’ , e.g .

the brake shoes or brake pads were not maintained and/or the ‘ means of operation ’ such as the hand brake lever ratchet or the cable ( if fitted ) were not maintained .
the brake shoes or brake pads were not maintained and/or the ‘ means of [use] ’ such as the hand brake lever ratchet or the cable ( if fitted ) were not maintained .

‘ on which a part of ( the means of operation of ) the braking system , fitted thereto ’ This point can be proved by showing the brakes do n't work by a simple test such as pushing the vehicle along the road with the brake ( s ) set .
‘ on which a part of ( the means of [use] of ) the braking system , fitted thereto ’ this point can be proved by showing the brakes do n't work by a simple test such as pushing the vehicle along the road with the brake ( s ) set .

any building operation or demolition ;
any building [use] or demolition ;

Because of Hooke 's law , when a material is strained the stress in it varies from nothing at the beginning of the operation up to a maximum at the final strain .
because of hooke 's law , when a material is strained the stress in it varies from nothing at the beginning of the [use] up to a maximum at the final strain .

Only the fact that these strong fibres are generally quite small prevents the operation of breaking them from being a dangerous one .
only the fact that these strong fibres are generally quite small prevents the [use] of breaking them from being a dangerous one .

With metals it is essentially due to the operation of the dislocation mechanism which was described in the last chapter ; we shall discuss how this works in Chapter 9 .
with metals it is essentially due to the [use] of the dislocation mechanism which was described in the last chapter ; we shall discuss how this works in chapter 9 .

If a crack begins to.penetrate into the wood across the grain , the Cook-Gordon mechanism — which we discussed in the last chapter — comes into operation in the region around the crack tip and the various cells become separated so that each of them operates as an independent helix , something like a drinking straw .
if a crack begins to.penetrate into the wood across the grain , the cook-gordon mechanism — which we discussed in the last chapter — comes into [use] in the region around the crack tip and the various cells become separated so that each of them operates as an independent helix , something like a drinking straw .

The whole point of the undergirding cables was to provide some shear bracing and so unless the operation was done with a knowledge and accuracy which were rather unlikely in the circumstances , so as to get the cables roughly at forty-five degrees , the expedient probably had usually as little effect as it seems to have had upon Paul 's ship .
the whole point of the undergirding cables was to provide some shear bracing and so unless the [use] was done with a knowledge and accuracy which were rather unlikely in the circumstances , so as to get the cables roughly at forty-five degrees , the expedient probably had usually as little effect as it seems to have had upon paul 's ship .

At the same time , the operation of cutting wood is , viewed on a fine scale , a brutal one and the cut edges of the tubes are therefore damaged and mechanically quite weak .
at the same time , the [use] of cutting wood is , viewed on a fine scale , a brutal one and the cut edges of the tubes are therefore damaged and mechanically quite weak .

Someone was masterminding this whole operation .
someone was masterminding this whole [use] .

September 5 : Charles has an operation on a torn knee ligament .
september 5 : charles has an [use] on a torn knee ligament .

At Great Ormond Street hospital doctors tell the royal couple that William has a depressed fracture which needs an immediate operation .
at great ormond street hospital doctors tell the royal couple that william has a depressed fracture which needs an immediate [use] .

Even more bizarre , she has been reciting the works of a French philosopher throughout the operation while a black stripper dances in the background .
even more bizarre , she has been reciting the works of a french philosopher throughout the [use] while a black stripper dances in the background .

Orlan , 45 , is currently showing a video of her last operation as she tours Australia to display herself as a living work of art .
orlan , 45 , is currently showing a video of her last [use] as she tours australia to display herself as a living work of art .

The centre even paid for the first operation — they cost around Pounds 7,000 a time — because her teacher 's salary meant she could not afford it herself .
the centre even paid for the first [use] — they cost around pounds 7,000 a time — because her teacher 's salary meant she could not afford it herself .

Not content with the ten operations she has already had , Orlan is now looking for sponsors for her next operation .
not content with the ten operations she has already had , orlan is now looking for sponsors for her next [use] .

Desert Orchid is beginning to ‘ look like a normal horse again ’ , a week after after a life-threatening operation .
desert orchid is beginning to ‘ look like a normal horse again ’ , a week after after a life-threatening [use] .

He underwent a manipulative operation on his neck yesterday and is not expected to be fit .
he underwent a manipulative [use] on his neck yesterday and is not expected to be fit .

Atkinson is also looking to a February return for England winger Tony Daley , out of action since undergoing a cartilage operation three months ago .
atkinson is also looking to a february return for england winger tony daley , out of action since undergoing a cartilage [use] three months ago .

‘ We can not yet say when he will play again , or even if an operation will be necessary . ’
‘ we can not yet say when he will play again , or even if an [use] will be necessary . ’

Rutter , who misses the Hereford clash after undergoing a recent ankle operation , is a former team-mate of Vinnie Jones and Stuart Pearce at Wealdstone .
rutter , who misses the hereford clash after undergoing a recent ankle [use] , is a former team-mate of vinnie jones and stuart pearce at wealdstone .

On a happier note for Parrott , his manager Phil Miller is recovering well from last week 's heart bypass operation .
on a happier note for parrott , his manager phil miller is recovering well from last week 's heart bypass [use] .

Manager Ian Porterfield said former England No 2 Howe , who had a triple heart bypass operation in 1988 , was admitted after feeling unwell .
manager ian porterfield said former england no 2 howe , who had a triple heart bypass [use] in 1988 , was admitted after feeling unwell .

Meanwhile , Tottenham welcome back winger Darren Anderton , who is set to play his first full game after a hernia operation injury for Tottenham against Arsenal .
meanwhile , tottenham welcome back winger darren anderton , who is set to play his first full game after a hernia [use] injury for tottenham against arsenal .

since a hernia operation eight matches ago .
since a hernia [use] eight matches ago .

‘ Within two or three days of John Salako flying out to California for his knee operation , he had me for company on the same ward .
‘ within two or three days of john salako flying out to california for his knee [use] , he had me for company on the same ward .

Coppell , who is putting out the most inexperienced team he has fielded in nine years at Palace , said : ‘ Because Andy is a diabetic , he could not have the operation under general anaesthetic .
coppell , who is putting out the most inexperienced team he has fielded in nine years at palace , said : ‘ because andy is a diabetic , he could not have the [use] under general anaesthetic .

The former England No 2 required a triple heart by-pass operation four years ago and was admitted to hospital last week for tests after feeling unwell .
the former england no 2 required a triple heart by-pass [use] four years ago and was admitted to hospital last week for tests after feeling unwell .

And coach John Monie let Joe Lydon undergo a twice-postponed knee operation , which will sideline him for up to three weeks .
and coach john monie let joe lydon undergo a twice-postponed knee [use] , which will sideline him for up to three weeks .

The InterCity operation itself , which operates without subsidy , stands to profit from the privatisation proposals , unveiled in a white paper in July .
the intercity [use] itself , which operates without subsidy , stands to profit from the privatisation proposals , unveiled in a white paper in july .

Mr Freeman is confident that private operation will bring ‘ a transformation ’ in quality of service .
mr freeman is confident that private [use] will bring ‘ a transformation ’ in quality of service .

Certainly , bringing any new product to the market is a difficult operation , let alone one with the aesthetic problems of a tiny fungus .
certainly , bringing any new product to the market is a difficult [use] , let alone one with the aesthetic problems of a tiny fungus .

Companies operating in a competitive environment have always been interested in details of their competitors ' performance , and the operation of market forces ensures that those that fail to match their competitors also fail to survive .
companies operating in a competitive environment have always been interested in details of their competitors ' performance , and the [use] of market forces ensures that those that fail to match their competitors also fail to survive .

Xerox now applies benchmarking across its entire operation as part of a total quality management process .
xerox now applies benchmarking across its entire [use] as part of a total quality management process .

With 1,465 golf courses now in operation and planning approval granted for 762 more , the heyday of farmers selling their land for three times its agricultural value may be past .
with 1,465 golf courses now in [use] and planning approval granted for 762 more , the heyday of farmers selling their land for three times its agricultural value may be past .

Sumitomo Capital Markets has harnessed telecommunications and networking techniques to obtain competitive advantage in the management of its global trading operation .
sumitomo capital markets has harnessed telecommunications and networking techniques to obtain competitive advantage in the management of its global trading [use] .

The corporation 's trading operation is split across three locations : New York , London and Hong Kong .
the corporation 's trading [use] is split across three locations : new york , london and hong kong .

The partners have also started to build up a consultancy operation , offering advice to employers who are looking at offering ‘ family friendly ’ employee benefits .
the partners have also started to build up a consultancy [use] , offering advice to employers who are looking at offering ‘ family friendly ’ employee benefits .

Greenwich , which reported that house prices in its main areas of operation had continued to fall , provided £1.013m ( v £322,000 ) against loans and advances in the year ended 30 April 1992 .
greenwich , which reported that house prices in its main areas of [use] had continued to fall , provided £1.013m ( v £322,000 ) against loans and advances in the year ended 30 april 1992 .

In his first year of operation from April 1991 , the Pensions Ombudsman received more than 2,100 complaints .
in his first year of [use] from april 1991 , the pensions ombudsman received more than 2,100 complaints .

An operation leads to discrimination
an [use] leads to discrimination

They left and helped to set up a competitive operation within the kilometre circle .
they left and helped to set up a competitive [use] within the kilometre circle .

The low volume amendment is connected to European legislation affecting the car manufacturing industry that comes into operation on 1 January 1993 .
the low volume amendment is connected to european legislation affecting the car manufacturing industry that comes into [use] on 1 january 1993 .

The company has now started flying from Gatwick , and , to help to stimulate demand for the Gatwick operation , Airtours has become a regular advertiser in the South East , particularly on the Underground , where it promotes its holidays to the price-conscious sun seeker .
the company has now started flying from gatwick , and , to help to stimulate demand for the gatwick [use] , airtours has become a regular advertiser in the south east , particularly on the underground , where it promotes its holidays to the price-conscious sun seeker .

Expansion has continued into the Netherlands , and the German operation , begun last year , has fared well .
expansion has continued into the netherlands , and the german [use] , begun last year , has fared well .

Having to keep separate legal entities in every state , each with its own board and each obeying widely varying requirements of company law , is therefore an irritation to Iveco 's integrated European operation .
having to keep separate legal entities in every state , each with its own board and each obeying widely varying requirements of company law , is therefore an irritation to iveco 's integrated european [use] .

For this reason , although Iveco runs a fully integrated European operation , the group can not trade as a single company with a single board of directors .
for this reason , although iveco runs a fully integrated european [use] , the group can not trade as a single company with a single board of directors .

The Santa Cruz Operation , the world 's leading supplier of Unix system software , is in the process of reaching various ‘ cooperative ’ agreements with leading suppliers of accounting software . The end result will be a number of ‘ one-stop ’ solutions comprising the following :
the santa cruz [use] , the world 's leading supplier of unix system software , is in the process of reaching various ‘ cooperative ’ agreements with leading suppliers of accounting software . the end result will be a number of ‘ one-stop ’ solutions comprising the following :

Schroders , the merchant banking group , shut down its Schroder Discount subsidiary last year after two years , while Westpac Banking Corp also closed its invoice discounting operation last year .
schroders , the merchant banking group , shut down its schroder discount subsidiary last year after two years , while westpac banking corp also closed its invoice discounting [use] last year .

An explanatory guide to the operation of the new stop loss scheme for Lloyd 's Names has been issued ; copies will be sent to all existing Names .
an explanatory guide to the [use] of the new stop loss scheme for lloyd 's names has been issued ; copies will be sent to all existing names .

As can be observed in the operation of heat , light , electricity , magnetism and chemical reactions .
as can be observed in the [use] of heat , light , electricity , magnetism and chemical reactions .

His coils , sixty in number , are in operation from the southern tip of Tasmania to Queensland in the north of the Continent where farmers , aiming to improve their land , request his services .
his coils , sixty in number , are in [use] from the southern tip of tasmania to queensland in the north of the continent where farmers , aiming to improve their land , request his services .

‘ The obvious symmetrical properties of sea shells indicate the operation of a far deeper principle in nature than previously thought , one that could have far reaching implications for Science in general . ’
‘ the obvious symmetrical properties of sea shells indicate the [use] of a far deeper principle in nature than previously thought , one that could have far reaching implications for science in general . ’

This function is considered as the supreme power of consciousness in operation in the individual , both aspects forming the dual functioning of the mind .
this function is considered as the supreme power of consciousness in [use] in the individual , both aspects forming the dual functioning of the mind .

All activity is generated by the Mind in its normal waking or sleeping state which moves from one sensation to the next , and unlike the external senses which provide knowledge , Mind is not confined to a specific field of operation .
all activity is generated by the mind in its normal waking or sleeping state which moves from one sensation to the next , and unlike the external senses which provide knowledge , mind is not confined to a specific field of [use] .

Universal and human consciousness are one and the same in nature , the only difference being that individual consciousness is experienced as limited or restricted in its operation within its physical vehicle .
universal and human consciousness are one and the same in nature , the only difference being that individual consciousness is experienced as limited or restricted in its [use] within its physical vehicle .

If we look at industrial work it can be seen that it tends to be too much dominated by part tasks in that the worker is not involved with the delivery of the whole product but with a small component of it and even , at times , with a particular operation on that small component .
if we look at industrial work it can be seen that it tends to be too much dominated by part tasks in that the worker is not involved with the delivery of the whole product but with a small component of it and even , at times , with a particular [use] on that small component .

Because of the operation of aggressive forces , the inner world contains many damaged , injured , or dead objects .
because of the [use] of aggressive forces , the inner world contains many damaged , injured , or dead objects .

This can be seen most clearly in the operation of the judicial system .
this can be seen most clearly in the [use] of the judicial system .

It has the advantages of being very precise and of reflecting the social reality of the operation of the administration of law and order .
it has the advantages of being very precise and of reflecting the social reality of the [use] of the administration of law and order .

Other officials , especially those who observed the operation of the tribunals in the Low Country , were more sceptical .
other officials , especially those who observed the [use] of the tribunals in the low country , were more sceptical .

It is necessary to show more precisely the link between ‘ culture conflict ’ and the operation of the legal system ; otherwise the scholar in effect falls back on more subtle restatements of the litigiousness-inappropriate institutions tautology put forth by colonial officials .
it is necessary to show more precisely the link between ‘ culture conflict ’ and the [use] of the legal system ; otherwise the scholar in effect falls back on more subtle restatements of the litigiousness-inappropriate institutions tautology put forth by colonial officials .

The operation of the judicial system was subject to social change , and the various judicial and police reforms of the later nineteenth century did improve the efficiency of the courts and lessen technical aspects of court procedure .
the [use] of the judicial system was subject to social change , and the various judicial and police reforms of the later nineteenth century did improve the efficiency of the courts and lessen technical aspects of court procedure .

The operation of the village tribunals , established in order to circumvent the formal proceedings of the other courts , shows the tenacity of the legal system once established .
the [use] of the village tribunals , established in order to circumvent the formal proceedings of the other courts , shows the tenacity of the legal system once established .

The declines of both networks coincided with extensive changes in land use in their areas of operation .
the declines of both networks coincided with extensive changes in land use in their areas of [use] .

But analogizing , as we shall be arguing more fully in a later chapter , is an operation too fundamental to thinking to be escaped in philosophy or anywhere else , at any rate outside logic and mathematics .
but analogizing , as we shall be arguing more fully in a later chapter , is an [use] too fundamental to thinking to be escaped in philosophy or anywhere else , at any rate outside logic and mathematics .

But , even assuming its feasibility , this would be a grossly stupid way of going about the business , reducing the whole delicate operation to a clumsy manipulation of crudely simplified formulae .
but , even assuming its feasibility , this would be a grossly stupid way of going about the business , reducing the whole delicate [use] to a clumsy manipulation of crudely simplified formulae .

The sciences were at one time supposed to generalize from observations by a logical operation called induction , claimed to free them from dependence on the merely analogical thinking which prevailed in the mediaeval proto-sciences , and which regrettably remain for the time being indispensable in dealing with everyday problems .
the sciences were at one time supposed to generalize from observations by a logical [use] called induction , claimed to free them from dependence on the merely analogical thinking which prevailed in the mediaeval proto-sciences , and which regrettably remain for the time being indispensable in dealing with everyday problems .

To establish laws of nature without analogizing would be possible only if there is indeed a logical operation for inferring from the particular to the universal , which induction is supposed to be .
to establish laws of nature without analogizing would be possible only if there is indeed a logical [use] for inferring from the particular to the universal , which induction is supposed to be .

When a thinker unravels previously unnoticed implications of a familiar idea , one seems stupid to have missed them oneself ; but anyone who discerns a similarity which runs athwart the current categories , a poet by metaphor or a scientist by a new model or paradigm , can strike us with astonishment and awe , as a genius whose spontaneous flash illuminates what no logical operation within the frame of accepted concepts could have disclosed .
when a thinker unravels previously unnoticed implications of a familiar idea , one seems stupid to have missed them oneself ; but anyone who discerns a similarity which runs athwart the current categories , a poet by metaphor or a scientist by a new model or paradigm , can strike us with astonishment and awe , as a genius whose spontaneous flash illuminates what no logical [use] within the frame of accepted concepts could have disclosed .

To convert the Sutton route to trolleybus operation and to make an agreement with Croydon Corporation for the working of the Crystal Palace route .
to convert the sutton route to trolleybus [use] and to make an agreement with croydon corporation for the working of the crystal palace route .

The Bill authorizing the conversion of a number of tram routes to trolleybus operation received Royal Assent on 31 July .
the bill authorizing the conversion of a number of tram routes to trolleybus [use] received royal assent on 31 july .

The agreement for their sale to Cohens was dated 12 October 1935 , and must have been signed while it was still hoped that the line would open right through from Sutton to the Crystal Palace in one operation .
the agreement for their sale to cohens was dated 12 october 1935 , and must have been signed while it was still hoped that the line would open right through from sutton to the crystal palace in one [use] .

The conversion of tram routes to trolleybus operation continued in North and West London and London Transport set up its own team of experts to undertake the overhead wiring work , instead of letting it out to contract .
the conversion of tram routes to trolleybus [use] continued in north and west london and london transport set up its own team of experts to undertake the overhead wiring work , instead of letting it out to contract .

These latter worked on route 7 to Uxbridge and a few weeks before that route was to be converted to trolleybus operation , they were each fitted out with plough carriers and the necessary switch gear for conduit operation , so that they could make their own way under power to whichever depôt they were sent .
these latter worked on route 7 to uxbridge and a few weeks before that route was to be converted to trolleybus [use] , they were each fitted out with plough carriers and the necessary switch gear for conduit [use] , so that they could make their own way under power to whichever depôt they were sent .

The war memorial tablet on the wall of Brigstock Villa was removed to a place of safe keeping before tram operation from Thornton Heath ceased , but as soon as the depôt was cleared of cars , demolition contractors moved in .
the war memorial tablet on the wall of brigstock villa was removed to a place of safe keeping before tram [use] from thornton heath ceased , but as soon as the depôt was cleared of cars , demolition contractors moved in .

Fullback Marty Roebuck could also miss out as an ankle operation is likely to sideline him for six to seven weeks .
fullback marty roebuck could also miss out as an ankle [use] is likely to sideline him for six to seven weeks .

Needless to say , Roebuck underwent another ankle operation in December and hopes to be back playing by the first Sydney competition match for Eastwood against defending champions Randwick in April .
needless to say , roebuck underwent another ankle [use] in december and hopes to be back playing by the first sydney competition match for eastwood against defending champions randwick in april .

Arthur Andersen established the Japanese International Network , serving Japanese-based companies in other countries , in 1983 , and also has its own inhouse operation in Japan itself , which is known as Inoue Saita Eiwa and brings in a fee income of around Y20.5bn a year .
arthur andersen established the japanese international network , serving japanese-based companies in other countries , in 1983 , and also has its own inhouse [use] in japan itself , which is known as inoue saita eiwa and brings in a fee income of around y20.5bn a year .

Tarmac is to cut 273 jobs and reduce its housebuilding operation by 20 % in order to cut working capital by £100m and reduce overheads .
tarmac is to cut 273 jobs and reduce its housebuilding [use] by 20 % in order to cut working capital by £100m and reduce overheads .

Fields such as biotechnology , chemical process plant operation and advanced electronic systems are clear examples of this .
fields such as biotechnology , chemical process plant [use] and advanced electronic systems are clear examples of this .

‘ The more preparation you can do , the cheaper the operation becomes .
‘ the more preparation you can do , the cheaper the [use] becomes .

Where the money collected is wrong and the fault is not yours , an indemnity comes into operation which ensures that , at your request , the money is immediately refunded to the account it came from .
where the money collected is wrong and the fault is not yours , an indemnity comes into [use] which ensures that , at your request , the money is immediately refunded to the account it came from .

Jackie 's brother-in-law , Joe Rubython , said : ‘ Jack phoned last weekend and said Sunnie had had an operation which was 100 per cent successful .
jackie 's brother-in-law , joe rubython , said : ‘ jack phoned last weekend and said sunnie had had an [use] which was 100 per cent successful .

The number could be far higher because of the haste of the operation , says the Israeli Haaretz newspaper .
the number could be far higher because of the haste of the [use] , says the israeli haaretz newspaper .

The operation will eventually involve more than 35,000 troops from at least nine countries .
the [use] will eventually involve more than 35,000 troops from at least nine countries .

The entire operation is being led by British-born Lieutenant General Robert Johnston .
the entire [use] is being led by british-born lieutenant general robert johnston .

However , the hard part of Operation Restore Hope may have only just begun .
however , the hard part of [use] restore hope may have only just begun .

Husband Don Johnson , who begged her not to have the operation , refuses to sympathise , say friends .
husband don johnson , who begged her not to have the [use] , refuses to sympathise , say friends .

‘ This operation is only the start , ’ said Ahmed Jibril .
‘ this [use] is only the start , ’ said ahmed jibril .

We are sure after the second , third and fourth operation , the Zionist enemy will submit .
we are sure after the second , third and fourth [use] , the zionist enemy will submit .

Guillaume was one of five people charged on Monday after an eight-week police operation .
guillaume was one of five people charged on monday after an eight-week police [use] .

Guillaume Depardieu , 23 , was arrested on Saturday with four other men after a surveillance operation .
guillaume depardieu , 23 , was arrested on saturday with four other men after a surveillance [use] .

They have been in operation in the Southern Hemisphere since the beginning of June .
they have been in [use] in the southern hemisphere since the beginning of june .

‘ The level of investment is quite substantial and one does not go into this sort of operation for short-term objectives .
‘ the level of investment is quite substantial and one does not go into this sort of [use] for short-term objectives .

Tony Copsey requires an ear operation ( Get Well card from Neil Francis ?
tony copsey requires an ear [use] ( get well card from neil francis ?

She needed an operation on her foot , and he was taking care of that .
she needed an [use] on her foot , and he was taking care of that .

Viewfinders also commonly contain displays of useful information such as the state of the battery and the mode of operation in use .
viewfinders also commonly contain displays of useful information such as the state of the battery and the mode of [use] in use .

Moving on now to some of the other facilities and controls to be found on camcorders , there are one or two which deserve a mention here because of the way in which they speed up and simplify their operation .
moving on now to some of the other facilities and controls to be found on camcorders , there are one or two which deserve a mention here because of the way in which they speed up and simplify their [use] .

Since you are still in the process of learning about your camcorder 's capabilities , it might be a good idea to deliberately try some of these mixed light shots and to shoot some comparisons between fully auto white balance and outdoor/indoor presets , if your machine gives you this choice of operation .
since you are still in the process of learning about your camcorder 's capabilities , it might be a good idea to deliberately try some of these mixed light shots and to shoot some comparisons between fully auto white balance and outdoor/indoor presets , if your machine gives you this choice of [use] .

You may wish to add commentary and or music to the original synchronised sound , an operation which is not possible by means of simple audio dub , which erases the original sound .
you may wish to add commentary and or music to the original synchronised sound , an [use] which is not possible by means of simple audio dub , which erases the original sound .

This routine can be carried out manually without any special equipment , but it is easier and quicker with an edit controller which takes over the operation of both machines from the one keyboard .
this routine can be carried out manually without any special equipment , but it is easier and quicker with an edit controller which takes over the [use] of both machines from the one keyboard .

Most , however , are reasonably quiet in operation and can be used in studio conditions provided that they are kept away from the microphones .
most , however , are reasonably quiet in [use] and can be used in studio conditions provided that they are kept away from the microphones .

These are super-directional microphones which are aimed at individual speakers or sound sources ; they therefore require skilled operation by a sound assistant who monitors the signal on headphones .
these are super-directional microphones which are aimed at individual speakers or sound sources ; they therefore require skilled [use] by a sound assistant who monitors the signal on headphones .

These are uni-directional microphones mounted on booms which can be swung overhead and aimed at individual speakers ; they are mainly used for recording drama , and require skilled operation by an assistant .
these are uni-directional microphones mounted on booms which can be swung overhead and aimed at individual speakers ; they are mainly used for recording drama , and require skilled [use] by an assistant .

This cyclical fluctuation in volume is due to-the operation of the camcorder 's automatic gain control which is all the time trying to maintain a constant sound level irrespective of the natural level of the incoming signal , an effect which makes it impossible to reproduce true audio perspectives .
this cyclical fluctuation in volume is due to-the [use] of the camcorder 's automatic gain control which is all the time trying to maintain a constant sound level irrespective of the natural level of the incoming signal , an effect which makes it impossible to reproduce true audio perspectives .

The problem can be solved neatly by setting the mixer output so that the signal peaks at levels which are just below the threshold at which the automatic gain control comes into operation .
the problem can be solved neatly by setting the mixer output so that the signal peaks at levels which are just below the threshold at which the automatic gain control comes into [use] .

The new rule , which comes into operation on 1 February , does not apply to valuations of shares prepared under s 108 , Companies Act 1985 , before the allotment of a public company 's shares otherwise than for cash .
the new rule , which comes into [use] on 1 february , does not apply to valuations of shares prepared under s 108 , companies act 1985 , before the allotment of a public company 's shares otherwise than for cash .

The guidance , which does not apply to generic opinions relating to litigation , expert testimony and assistance provided to other firms and their clients jointly , also comes into operation on 1 February .
the guidance , which does not apply to generic opinions relating to litigation , expert testimony and assistance provided to other firms and their clients jointly , also comes into [use] on 1 february .

This successful arrangement was still in operation when they saw an article about mature students at Manchester College , Oxford in late 1988 .
this successful arrangement was still in [use] when they saw an article about mature students at manchester college , oxford in late 1988 .

As the law stands , anyone who has an interest in an estate under the terms of a will or by operation of intestacy rules can vary that interest within two years of the deceased 's death .
as the law stands , anyone who has an interest in an estate under the terms of a will or by [use] of intestacy rules can vary that interest within two years of the deceased 's death .

And the Department of Trade and Industry supervises the whole scheme by approving the bodies that operate it , which effectively means approving their rules and mode of operation as well ; so it 's under government control even if the government is not involved on a day-to-day basis .
and the department of trade and industry supervises the whole scheme by approving the bodies that operate it , which effectively means approving their rules and mode of [use] as well ; so it 's under government control even if the government is not involved on a day-to-day basis .

The profit and loss account should disclose the results of continuing operations ( including the results of acquisitions ) ; the results of discontinued operations ; profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring ; profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ; extraordinary items .
the profit and loss account should disclose the results of continuing operations ( including the results of acquisitions ) ; the results of discontinued operations ; profits or losses on the sale or termination of an [use] ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring ; profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ; extraordinary items .

‘ We had an advantage in that there had been an effort to devolve management responsibility , the investment operation had been set up separately and there were business divisions .
‘ we had an advantage in that there had been an effort to devolve management responsibility , the investment [use] had been set up separately and there were business divisions .

In principle , a decision to establish a tax haven operation should be an integral part of a group 's overall commercial plans , and not merely be tax driven .
in principle , a decision to establish a tax haven [use] should be an integral part of a group 's overall commercial plans , and not merely be tax driven .

It will be found on the cost accountant 's bookshelf but the operational manager will not be convinced that the cost gymnastics of Mr Hicks ' cost accumulation model are any more accurate or relevant to his operation than the existing confusion of standard rates , production norm etc .
it will be found on the cost accountant 's bookshelf but the operational manager will not be convinced that the cost gymnastics of mr hicks ' cost accumulation model are any more accurate or relevant to his [use] than the existing confusion of standard rates , production norm etc .

In the subsequent period when the operation does qualify as discontinued , the provisions should be used to offset the results of the operation in the discontinued category .
in the subsequent period when the [use] does qualify as discontinued , the provisions should be used to offset the results of the [use] in the discontinued category .

The related disclosure in that subsequent period , however , should show the results of the discontinued operation under each of the statutory format headings , with the utilisation of the provision analysed as necessary between the operating loss and the loss on sale or termination of the discontinued operation and disclosed on the face of the p & l account immediately below the relevant items .
the related disclosure in that subsequent period , however , should show the results of the discontinued [use] under each of the statutory format headings , with the utilisation of the provision analysed as necessary between the operating loss and the loss on sale or termination of the discontinued [use] and disclosed on the face of the p & l account immediately below the relevant items .

These three specific types of item that should be shown separately on the face of the p&l account after operating profit and before interest are : profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring having a material effect on the nature and focus of the reporting entity 's operations ; and profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ( although not those profits or losses that are in effect no more than marginal adjustments to depreciation previously charged ) .
these three specific types of item that should be shown separately on the face of the p&l account after operating profit and before interest are : profits or losses on the sale or termination of an [use] ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring having a material effect on the nature and focus of the reporting entity 's operations ; and profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ( although not those profits or losses that are in effect no more than marginal adjustments to depreciation previously charged ) .

Duke William , essentially a warrior of the European mainland , found himself in a quandary : he must either renounce the claim or mount a once-for-all amphibious operation which would stretch his resources to the absolute limits .
duke william , essentially a warrior of the european mainland , found himself in a quandary : he must either renounce the claim or mount a once-for-all amphibious [use] which would stretch his resources to the absolute limits .

The whole operation was supervised from the 1780s from Goodwood by the Duke of Richmond .
the whole [use] was supervised from the 1780s from goodwood by the duke of richmond .

Less widely organised but feared rather more was the operation of the machinery of justice .
less widely organised but feared rather more was the [use] of the machinery of justice .

Fireman Chris Turner , in charge of the rescue operation , said : ‘ We tried everything we possibly could but we just could n't reach the lads .
fireman chris turner , in charge of the rescue [use] , said : ‘ we tried everything we possibly could but we just could n't reach the lads .

The 59-year-old star needed two life-saving operation to remove blood clots and was left in a deep coma after brain surgery .
the 59-year-old star needed two life-saving [use] to remove blood clots and was left in a deep coma after brain surgery .

Boyfriend Barry Pitt , himself an ex-policeman and the man she plans to marry , was at her bedside when she woke after an emergency six-hour operation .
boyfriend barry pitt , himself an ex-policeman and the man she plans to marry , was at her bedside when she woke after an emergency six-hour [use] .

Mrs Martin , 38 , says doctors failed to warn her of the risks that her sterilisation operation might not work forever .
mrs martin , 38 , says doctors failed to warn her of the risks that her sterilisation [use] might not work forever .

The operation was carried out 10 years ago at Huntingdon County Hospital , Cambs , when the couple decided their family was complete with daughter Samantha , now 15 .
the [use] was carried out 10 years ago at huntingdon county hospital , cambs , when the couple decided their family was complete with daughter samantha , now 15 .

He had one operation in 1989 , but has now waited three-and-a-half years for the promised follow-up surgery .
he had one [use] in 1989 , but has now waited three-and-a-half years for the promised follow-up surgery .

Scotland Yard 's operation , codenamed Rolling Rock , was set in motion by Commander David Tucker , the new national anti-terrorism coordinator .
scotland yard 's [use] , codenamed rolling rock , was set in motion by commander david tucker , the new national anti-terrorism coordinator .

All the officers involved in the operation were armed and wore flak jackets .
all the officers involved in the [use] were armed and wore flak jackets .

The hand was sewn back on in an 11½-hour operation at Mount Vernon Hospital in Northwood , north London .
the hand was sewn back on in an 11½-hour [use] at mount vernon hospital in northwood , north london .

He now works for the Lotus Formula One team 's publicity operation .
he now works for the lotus formula one team 's publicity [use] .

In a cloak and dagger operation , he got in touch and insisted he could only come to her shop when there would be no other customers around .
in a cloak and dagger [use] , he got in touch and insisted he could only come to her shop when there would be no other customers around .

She did not tell doctors who her daughter was , and staff at Queen Mary 's Hospital , Roehampton , West London , only discovered the connection when Mrs Garnett was admitted for the operation .
she did not tell doctors who her daughter was , and staff at queen mary 's hospital , roehampton , west london , only discovered the connection when mrs garnett was admitted for the [use] .

Mrs Garnett , who had the operation on Thursday , is recovering in hospital .
mrs garnett , who had the [use] on thursday , is recovering in hospital .

’ Doug Mills , 49 , landlord of The Golden Ball — used as a base for the police operation — said : ‘ Customers told me he had done several tours of Northern Ireland during his service .
’ doug mills , 49 , landlord of the golden ball — used as a base for the police [use] — said : ‘ customers told me he had done several tours of northern ireland during his service .

Kelly , a victim of cystic fibrosis , died last Monday , ten months after her St Valentine 's Day operation .
kelly , a victim of cystic fibrosis , died last monday , ten months after her st valentine 's day [use] .

His son underwent a triple heart bypass operation earlier this year .
his son underwent a triple heart bypass [use] earlier this year .

The seven-year-old , of Saltaire , West Yorks , lost his sight in an operation to save his life .
the seven-year-old , of saltaire , west yorks , lost his sight in an [use] to save his life .

The maintenance staff has been working 18-hour shifts to bring the hospital into full operation .
the maintenance staff has been working 18-hour shifts to bring the hospital into full [use] .

EuroDisney shares have crashed like a stone and the future of the Pounds 2bn Magic Kingdom operation near Paris is looking shaky .
eurodisney shares have crashed like a stone and the future of the pounds 2bn magic kingdom [use] near paris is looking shaky .

Now it follows by definition that learning can only be brought into operation when the occasion allows leisure for conscious thought about the language being used and its conformity to rule , when there is time to ‘ focus on form ’ .
now it follows by definition that learning can only be brought into [use] when the occasion allows leisure for conscious thought about the language being used and its conformity to rule , when there is time to ‘ focus on form ’ .

This connects with practice and also can be conceived of as a two-stage operation .
this connects with practice and also can be conceived of as a two-stage [use] .

First , ideas are actually put into operation in the practical domain arid then the consequences are monitored in a second process of evaluation , this time directed at establishing the practical effect of the ideas as operationally realized .
first , ideas are actually put into [use] in the practical domain arid then the consequences are monitored in a second process of evaluation , this time directed at establishing the practical effect of the ideas as operationally realized .

Again , mediation failure may occur when ideas are put into operation in the application phase without being subjected to adequate appraisal .
again , mediation failure may occur when ideas are put into [use] in the application phase without being subjected to adequate appraisal .

3 Operation
3 [use]

Operation is that part of the mediation process which is most readily recognized by teachers as their business .
[use] is that part of the mediation process which is most readily recognized by teachers as their business .

ln the latter as operation may simply be a matter of conforming to standard practices established by collective experience over time .
ln the latter as [use] may simply be a matter of conforming to standard practices established by collective experience over time .

Notice that empirical evaluation has implications both for the operation and the conceptual evaluation phases of our scheme , as is indicated by the arrows in the diagram on page 32 .
notice that empirical evaluation has implications both for the [use] and the conceptual evaluation phases of our scheme , as is indicated by the arrows in the diagram on page 32 .

Thus the descriptions of a language which are the output of a first-order application of linguistic theory represent only an inventory from which a selection must be made in order to draw up the syllabus for any particular teaching operation . ( 1973 : 143 )
thus the descriptions of a language which are the output of a first-order application of linguistic theory represent only an inventory from which a selection must be made in order to draw up the syllabus for any particular teaching [use] . ( 1973 : 143 )

Theories about language , its development as a mental construct , and its operation in social life , have had an enormous influence on how teachers of second languages have conceived of their subject .
theories about language , its development as a mental construct , and its [use] in social life , have had an enormous influence on how teachers of second languages have conceived of their subject .

Consider the classic case of the surgeon performing an operation and the utterances he addresses to his assistants : ‘ Scalpel !
consider the classic case of the surgeon performing an [use] and the utterances he addresses to his assistants : ‘ scalpel !

Indeed it would be dangerous : it would make communication less effective , the operation less efficient , and put the patient in peril .
indeed it would be dangerous : it would make communication less effective , the [use] less efficient , and put the patient in peril .

There is , then , nothing contrary to the normal operation of language in the proposition that lexical items of high generality like then and now should be given grammatical status as in the examples given earlier .
there is , then , nothing contrary to the normal [use] of language in the proposition that lexical items of high generality like then and now should be given grammatical status as in the examples given earlier .

Sun Alliance sold the majority of its 14.24 % stake in Commercial Union for £280m and merged its Australian non-life operation with Royal Insurance 's to form the fourth largest general insurer in Australia .
sun alliance sold the majority of its 14.24 % stake in commercial union for £280m and merged its australian non-life [use] with royal insurance 's to form the fourth largest general insurer in australia .

In response to the news , Anglo United pulled out of the bidding for the company , explaining that the operation was now too small to be of any interest .
in response to the news , anglo united pulled out of the bidding for the company , explaining that the [use] was now too small to be of any interest .

He determined the framework and the broad outline , brought 10 specialists with him and acquired a small bureau operation Howden did not want any more .
he determined the framework and the broad outline , brought 10 specialists with him and acquired a small bureau [use] howden did not want any more .

You can get it right in one operation without having to go through any menus .
you can get it right in one [use] without having to go through any menus .

It seems to us that research may be needed to identify those non-EC countries compliance with whose laws would result in accounts in minimal form , in conjunction with any monitoring operation .
it seems to us that research may be needed to identify those non-ec countries compliance with whose laws would result in accounts in minimal form , in conjunction with any monitoring [use] .

The operation of these four principles leaves some room for manoeuvre , in the sense that their application may produce more than one possible carer in a given situation .
the [use] of these four principles leaves some room for manoeuvre , in the sense that their application may produce more than one possible carer in a given situation .

These definitions were consolidated further through public policies put into operation during and after the Second World War .
these definitions were consolidated further through public policies put into [use] during and after the second world war .

My pleasure at the success of the operation turned a bit sour when the others calmly walked up the road and photographed the animal with standard lenses — and it did n't even bother getting up .
my pleasure at the success of the [use] turned a bit sour when the others calmly walked up the road and photographed the animal with standard lenses — and it did n't even bother getting up .

Targeted at species such as Norway pout and sand-eel , the operation undoubtedly also destroys large numbers of immature fish of other kinds like cod , whiting and haddock .
targeted at species such as norway pout and sand-eel , the [use] undoubtedly also destroys large numbers of immature fish of other kinds like cod , whiting and haddock .

Among them was an American , John Longyear , who set up a mining operation on the shores of Isfjorden .
among them was an american , john longyear , who set up a mining [use] on the shores of isfjorden .

Many firms had arranged back-up facilities that came smoothly into operation .
many firms had arranged back-up facilities that came smoothly into [use] .

An important aspect of the new Somali operation is that for the first time American soldiers have been prepared to serve under a non-American chief .
an important aspect of the new somali [use] is that for the first time american soldiers have been prepared to serve under a non-american chief .

This operation once employed 500 people shuffling purchase orders and invoices among themselves .
this [use] once employed 500 people shuffling purchase orders and invoices among themselves .

Most important , because this is the biggest part of the budget-rescue operation , Greeks are being told they have got to pay more tax .
most important , because this is the biggest part of the budget-rescue [use] , greeks are being told they have got to pay more tax .

Anyway , whatever the ideas that inspired the advocates of the prison , it would obviously be very dangerous to assume that their ideas were automatically embodied in the actual operation of the prison system when it came into being .
anyway , whatever the ideas that inspired the advocates of the prison , it would obviously be very dangerous to assume that their ideas were automatically embodied in the actual [use] of the prison system when it came into being .

There was certainly no implication in classical criminology , as there was to be in positivist , that we can ignore the content and operation of legal rules in addressing ourselves to the question of the causes and treatment of crime .
there was certainly no implication in classical criminology , as there was to be in positivist , that we can ignore the content and [use] of legal rules in addressing ourselves to the question of the causes and treatment of crime .

What Jeffery ( and Matza , who quotes Jeffery in support of his own position ) are pointing to here is that whatever positivists chose as the causes of crime , even when they were ‘ external ’ such as ‘ social and group ’ factors , they always excluded the nature and operation of the criminal law from consideration ; such things were simply not taken to be implicated in the process of causing criminal behaviour .
what jeffery ( and matza , who quotes jeffery in support of his own position ) are pointing to here is that whatever positivists chose as the causes of crime , even when they were ‘ external ’ such as ‘ social and group ’ factors , they always excluded the nature and [use] of the criminal law from consideration ; such things were simply not taken to be implicated in the process of causing criminal behaviour .

In general , however , classical and positivist criminology were at almost opposite poles in their views of the significance of the criminal law and its operation , for classicism it was virtually everything , for the positivists it was virtually irrelevant .
in general , however , classical and positivist criminology were at almost opposite poles in their views of the significance of the criminal law and its [use] , for classicism it was virtually everything , for the positivists it was virtually irrelevant .

In the case of the sociological positivists , this reluctance applied even when they did become involved in the analysis of the operation of penal institutions — when the ‘ sociology of the prison blossomed in the 1950s and 1960s .
in the case of the sociological positivists , this reluctance applied even when they did become involved in the analysis of the [use] of penal institutions — when the ‘ sociology of the prison blossomed in the 1950s and 1960s .

To a limited and inadequate extent this was recognised in classical criminology : Beccaria acknowledged that the content , as well as the operation , of legal rules was likely to be a significant factor in the degree of compliance that could be expected .
to a limited and inadequate extent this was recognised in classical criminology : beccaria acknowledged that the content , as well as the [use] , of legal rules was likely to be a significant factor in the degree of compliance that could be expected .

The more dramatic was the salvage operation .
the more dramatic was the salvage [use] .

The changes in ownership by salvage operation between franchise rounds have already been mentioned .
the changes in ownership by salvage [use] between franchise rounds have already been mentioned .

Admire the ( British ) assassins as they plan and execute the audacious operation .
admire the ( british ) assassins as they plan and execute the audacious [use] .

Before setting up its Delaware operation , Bankers Trust already had small reinsurance subsidiaries in offshore financial centres such as Jersey .
before setting up its delaware [use] , bankers trust already had small reinsurance subsidiaries in offshore financial centres such as jersey .

The United States officially handed over control of the relief operation in Somalia to the United Nations .
the united states officially handed over control of the relief [use] in somalia to the united nations .

The whole operation had taken less than three minutes .
the whole [use] had taken less than three minutes .

The dichotomy between appearance and reality , the continuity of metaphors for usurpation applied to Macbeth , the incredible number of antitheses ( some 400 odd ) : these are aspects of the play that have been well studied in modern criticism , and all show its persistent operation on two linguistic levels .
the dichotomy between appearance and reality , the continuity of metaphors for usurpation applied to macbeth , the incredible number of antitheses ( some 400 odd ) : these are aspects of the play that have been well studied in modern criticism , and all show its persistent [use] on two linguistic levels .

When Shinwell discussed the men from the industry to be appointed to the senior positions , he had at first wanted two deputy chairmen , one to look after generation and the other to oversee distribution and the Area Boards , but Citrine proposed an alternative division between operations and administration , feeling that it was ‘ essential to have someone familiar with the operation of large-scale organisations ’ .
when shinwell discussed the men from the industry to be appointed to the senior positions , he had at first wanted two deputy chairmen , one to look after generation and the other to oversee distribution and the area boards , but citrine proposed an alternative division between operations and administration , feeling that it was ‘ essential to have someone familiar with the [use] of large-scale organisations ’ .

The Central Authority thus created fourteen generation divisions for the construction , management and operation of power stations .
the central authority thus created fourteen generation divisions for the construction , management and [use] of power stations .

He is unsparing in his criticism of the arms-for-hostages operation ( though he is disappointingly brief about the linked support for Nicaragua 's contras ) .
he is unsparing in his criticism of the arms-for-hostages [use] ( though he is disappointingly brief about the linked support for nicaragua 's contras ) .

Many of the costs of running a state-of-the-art landfill or incinerator change little with the scale of the operation .
many of the costs of running a state-of-the-art landfill or incinerator change little with the scale of the [use] .

Santa Cruz Operation Inc , Santa Cruz home of desktop and low-end Unix , got its initial public offering of 6m shares , 3.6m of them new , away at $ 12.50 a share , to raise about $ 41.1m net , for which the company did not give plans .
santa cruz [use] inc , santa cruz home of desktop and low-end unix , got its initial public offering of 6m shares , 3.6m of them new , away at $ 12.50 a share , to raise about $ 41.1m net , for which the company did not give plans .

The gloomsters have been proved wrong on the first part of the operation .
the gloomsters have been proved wrong on the first part of the [use] .

Even though the government picks up 80 % of the cost of the huge security operation needed to guard the airline against terrorism , that still leaves El Al with a large bill .
even though the government picks up 80 % of the cost of the huge security [use] needed to guard the airline against terrorism , that still leaves el al with a large bill .

This is not to argue that professionals should try to replicate the process of supporting self-advocacy , but it is to suggest that the aims , mode of operation and the nature of the professional/client working relationship should , at the very least , not be in conflict with the emergence of self-advocacy .
this is not to argue that professionals should try to replicate the process of supporting self-advocacy , but it is to suggest that the aims , mode of [use] and the nature of the professional/client working relationship should , at the very least , not be in conflict with the emergence of self-advocacy .

The work is presently in operation to the Opera House side of the harbour basin , near Bennelong Point , which means that the standard photographs in daylight — across the water from the tourists boats , or from the bridge walkway at Campell 's Cove , are not commercially viable .
the work is presently in [use] to the opera house side of the harbour basin , near bennelong point , which means that the standard photographs in daylight — across the water from the tourists boats , or from the bridge walkway at campell 's cove , are not commercially viable .

Barnes ( 1990 ) made a recent study of the role of day centres for disabled young people , in which few opportunities were offered for significant decision-making despite the operation of ostensibly progressive policies .
barnes ( 1990 ) made a recent study of the role of day centres for disabled young people , in which few opportunities were offered for significant decision-making despite the [use] of ostensibly progressive policies .

The work required to bring them there is not a bloodless operation .
the work required to bring them there is not a bloodless [use] .

For some young people , especially those in areas of high youth unemployment who are attending special youth training programmes for trainees with learning difficulties , this operation may never succeed in bringing them into employment ( Wilkinson 1990 ) .
for some young people , especially those in areas of high youth unemployment who are attending special youth training programmes for trainees with learning difficulties , this [use] may never succeed in bringing them into employment ( wilkinson 1990 ) .

The whole operation caused Mrs Singh a great deal of anxiety .
the whole [use] caused mrs singh a great deal of anxiety .

The 1981 Act itself may be read as implicitly setting out this principle , and Galloway and Goodwin ( 1987 ) have demonstrated its operation in practice .
the 1981 act itself may be read as implicitly setting out this principle , and galloway and goodwin ( 1987 ) have demonstrated its [use] in practice .

The operation of Market Forces in a time of falling roles , coupled with the possibility of opting-out , and competition from , for example , the City Technology Colleges ( if they finally take off ) means that schools may face hard choices between promoting a philosophy to which they are committed , and pulling in the punters .
the [use] of market forces in a time of falling roles , coupled with the possibility of opting-out , and competition from , for example , the city technology colleges ( if they finally take off ) means that schools may face hard choices between promoting a philosophy to which they are committed , and pulling in the punters .

He then goes on to declare that ‘ as the pain and sickness caused by manna are confessedly nothing but the effects of its operation on the stomach ’ , so sweetness and whiteness are ‘ but the effects of the operations of manna by the motion , size , and figure of its particles on the eyes and palate ’ .
he then goes on to declare that ‘ as the pain and sickness caused by manna are confessedly nothing but the effects of its [use] on the stomach ’ , so sweetness and whiteness are ‘ but the effects of the operations of manna by the motion , size , and figure of its particles on the eyes and palate ’ .

Secondly , we see the noble simplicity of his mind in supposing that what the bishops and lay magnates had by their presence and silent consent accepted would at once be put into operation .
secondly , we see the noble simplicity of his mind in supposing that what the bishops and lay magnates had by their presence and silent consent accepted would at once be put into [use] .

In 1871 , aged twenty-seven Eakins painted ‘ Max Schmitt in a single scull ( The champion single sculls ) ’ , a work of startling intensity and lucidity whose control of light recalls Canaletto , while ‘ The Gross Clinic ’ of 1875 draws artistically on Rembrandt in its depiction of an operation on a leg bone , resulting in an image of startling modernity in its blood-stained detachment .
in 1871 , aged twenty-seven eakins painted ‘ max schmitt in a single scull ( the champion single sculls ) ’ , a work of startling intensity and lucidity whose control of light recalls canaletto , while ‘ the gross clinic ’ of 1875 draws artistically on rembrandt in its depiction of an [use] on a leg bone , resulting in an image of startling modernity in its blood-stained detachment .

The recession-hit auction house has announced a restructuring of its world-wide operation , combining departments , while further reducing staff numbers .
the recession-hit auction house has announced a restructuring of its world-wide [use] , combining departments , while further reducing staff numbers .

Packed minibuses with ‘ Operation Desert Storm ’ stickers on their windscreen rock by .
packed minibuses with ‘ [use] desert storm ’ stickers on their windscreen rock by .

At this point , Guy Mountfort , a founder member of the World Wildlife Fund , prepared a scheme for saving the tiger called ‘ Operation Tiger ’ .
at this point , guy mountfort , a founder member of the world wildlife fund , prepared a scheme for saving the tiger called ‘ [use] tiger ’ .

The Nepalese government quickly fell in with the World Wildlife Fund 's proposals for ‘ Operation Tiger ’ and Park as a sanctuary for tigers , later enlarged to 360 square miles ( 930 sq km ) with the aid of the Frankfurt designated 210 square miles ( 545 sq km ) of the Royal Chitawan National Zoological Society .
the nepalese government quickly fell in with the world wildlife fund 's proposals for ‘ [use] tiger ’ and park as a sanctuary for tigers , later enlarged to 360 square miles ( 930 sq km ) with the aid of the frankfurt designated 210 square miles ( 545 sq km ) of the royal chitawan national zoological society .

There have been , it must be admitted , one or two unfortunate side-effects of ‘ Operation Tiger ’ as a result of its success .
there have been , it must be admitted , one or two unfortunate side-effects of ‘ [use] tiger ’ as a result of its success .

Like everything else in elephant capture , this is a hazardous operation and would be impossible but for the presence of the trained koonkies .
like everything else in elephant capture , this is a hazardous [use] and would be impossible but for the presence of the trained koonkies .

It was about as dangerous as any darting operation can be , but the Sri Lankan trackers readily volunteered to go with Hofmeyr .
it was about as dangerous as any darting [use] can be , but the sri lankan trackers readily volunteered to go with hofmeyr .

Now came the part of the operation that would have been impossible without the trained elephants .
now came the part of the [use] that would have been impossible without the trained elephants .

Thus , for example , the National Council of Social Service submitted a wide-ranging document summarizing the principal issues : the deficiencies in existing pensions coverage ( such as the continued operation of means-testing through the 1940 supplementary pensions scheme ) , the urgent need for better medical assistance for pensioners outside the Public Assistance Committee services , the lack of institutional provision , and so on .
thus , for example , the national council of social service submitted a wide-ranging document summarizing the principal issues : the deficiencies in existing pensions coverage ( such as the continued [use] of means-testing through the 1940 supplementary pensions scheme ) , the urgent need for better medical assistance for pensioners outside the public assistance committee services , the lack of institutional provision , and so on .

The process of exclusion in operation currently is an important part of the social construction of the definition and redefinition of the labour force , of the economically active and inactive , of the unemployed and retired , of the productive and unproductive , and , therefore , of working age and old age ( Walker 1980 ; Phillipson , 1982 ) .
the process of exclusion in [use] currently is an important part of the social construction of the definition and redefinition of the labour force , of the economically active and inactive , of the unemployed and retired , of the productive and unproductive , and , therefore , of working age and old age ( walker 1980 ; phillipson , 1982 ) .

The move to the North of England also raises a number of possibilities for mainline operation .
the move to the north of england also raises a number of possibilities for mainline [use] .

Standard gauge locomotives in operation this day included
standard gauge locomotives in [use] this day included

Although it has been in existence for some considerable time , train operation for passengers has been provided by battery-electric power .
although it has been in existence for some considerable time , train [use] for passengers has been provided by battery-electric power .

‘ We have reason to believe , ’ said the sergeant , taking no notice of the question , ‘ that this boat has recently been involved in illegal traffic , and that the said operation was centred on the island of Faarsay . ’
‘ we have reason to believe , ’ said the sergeant , taking no notice of the question , ‘ that this boat has recently been involved in illegal traffic , and that the said [use] was centred on the island of faarsay . ’

‘ You know , Henri had an operation in August .
‘ you know , henri had an [use] in august .

However , perhaps even more significantly , certainly for the junior players , is the opportunity they have earned to go forward for a personal screening at Bradnam 's unique Herts-based Dewhurst Tennis Academy , the operation which has firmly set about the task of uncovering a future British Wimbledon champion . You know where you heard the names first !
however , perhaps even more significantly , certainly for the junior players , is the opportunity they have earned to go forward for a personal screening at bradnam 's unique herts-based dewhurst tennis academy , the [use] which has firmly set about the task of uncovering a future british wimbledon champion . you know where you heard the names first !

It went straight into operation during this afternoon .
it went straight into [use] during this afternoon .

The next main line run down here in the south will see another Waterloo to Exeter operation on Sunday , October 18 .
the next main line run down here in the south will see another waterloo to exeter [use] on sunday , october 18 .

After a year off following his knee operation , Gazza is back !
after a year off following his knee [use] , gazza is back !

Before this can be put into effect however , the Society must raise $ 110,000 just to keep its library open until 1 June , and must come up with an additional $ 2.5 million to cover a bare-boned operation from June 1993 to June 1994 .
before this can be put into effect however , the society must raise $ 110,000 just to keep its library open until 1 june , and must come up with an additional $ 2.5 million to cover a bare-boned [use] from june 1993 to june 1994 .

So there are two records being achieved here with the operation of ‘ The Sarum ’ being hauled from Waterloo to Salisbury and back on Friday , February 5th .
so there are two records being achieved here with the [use] of ‘ the sarum ’ being hauled from waterloo to salisbury and back on friday , february 5th .

Of interest to note this weekend is the operation on the Mid Hants Railway where two Santa Specials operate more or less simultaneously , one starting from Alresford and the other from Alton .
of interest to note this weekend is the [use] on the mid hants railway where two santa specials operate more or less simultaneously , one starting from alresford and the other from alton .

The operation returns 46521 to its home base , the Severn Valley Railway after working the Network SouthEast Henley Branch shuttles early in November . At the time of writing tickets were available at £38 from Flying Scotsman Services on
the [use] returns 46521 to its home base , the severn valley railway after working the network southeast henley branch shuttles early in november . at the time of writing tickets were available at £38 from flying scotsman services on

This is an interesting book even for non-Southern devotees as he takes us through from the most menial shunting operation with grimy British Rail survivors to sleek passenger workings with shiny green locomotives .
this is an interesting book even for non-southern devotees as he takes us through from the most menial shunting [use] with grimy british rail survivors to sleek passenger workings with shiny green locomotives .

This European collaboration has been a key feature of the major fundraising operation undertaken by Oxford University since 1988 .
this european collaboration has been a key feature of the major fundraising [use] undertaken by oxford university since 1988 .

The gallery 's two directors , Anthony Carter and Dominic Jellinek , closed down the operation after the company 's financial backers , property group Chesfield plc , pulled out .
the gallery 's two directors , anthony carter and dominic jellinek , closed down the [use] after the company 's financial backers , property group chesfield plc , pulled out .

The first test of the Treaty of Rome came in January 1959 , when the preliminary stage of tariff reductions was due to go into operation , with customs duties being reduced by 10 per cent and import quotas increased by 20 per cent .
the first test of the treaty of rome came in january 1959 , when the preliminary stage of tariff reductions was due to go into [use] , with customs duties being reduced by 10 per cent and import quotas increased by 20 per cent .

During these first years of operation , progress towards some of the economic goals continued to be satisfactory .
during these first years of [use] , progress towards some of the economic goals continued to be satisfactory .

‘ There is no doubt that Ramsay 's skill in navigation and cool determination contributed very materially towards the success of a most hazardous operation . ’
‘ there is no doubt that ramsay 's skill in navigation and cool determination contributed very materially towards the success of a most hazardous [use] . ’

The intention was to operate the Croydon at normal all-up weight and not to exceed the normal maximum cruising speed , thereby simulating normal airline operation .
the intention was to operate the croydon at normal all-up weight and not to exceed the normal maximum cruising speed , thereby simulating normal airline [use] .

although many famous names were missing from the register : notably Moffatt , Nadin , Legrand ( already sure of retaining his crown and recovering from a knee operation ) , Rabatou , Godoffe , Cortijo and Edlinger .
although many famous names were missing from the register : notably moffatt , nadin , legrand ( already sure of retaining his crown and recovering from a knee [use] ) , rabatou , godoffe , cortijo and edlinger .

Restoration of the surface finish was the most time consuming operation , taking some 800 manhours which included bringing the wings and tail down to bare metal before re-applying a new surface finish and markings and minor repairs to the fuselage fabric before restoration .
restoration of the surface finish was the most time consuming [use] , taking some 800 manhours which included bringing the wings and tail down to bare metal before re-applying a new surface finish and markings and minor repairs to the fuselage fabric before restoration .

However , he knew the value of strategy and when the Royal Navy attacked the Italian fleet at Taranto on November 11 , 1940 , Yamamoto noted the action and studied the available data of the successful operation in which slow-flying Swordfish torpedo bombers decimated the Italian fleet .
however , he knew the value of strategy and when the royal navy attacked the italian fleet at taranto on november 11 , 1940 , yamamoto noted the action and studied the available data of the successful [use] in which slow-flying swordfish torpedo bombers decimated the italian fleet .

His mind had been working on ideas for an operation against Pearl Harbor and when the United States Pacific fleet sailed to Hawaii on April 2 , 1940 for manoeuvres Yamamoto followed their progress closely .
his mind had been working on ideas for an [use] against pearl harbor and when the united states pacific fleet sailed to hawaii on april 2 , 1940 for manoeuvres yamamoto followed their progress closely .

From his later writings it is obvious that he was quite fascinated by the entire operation and its execution .
from his later writings it is obvious that he was quite fascinated by the entire [use] and its execution .

The Malayan Emergency was never officially recognised as a ‘ war ’ however it embroiled the hard-pressed Commonwealth forces in what was largely an operation of cunning and wit , pursuing a small , elusive army of bandits in some of the most inhospitable terrain in the world .
the malayan emergency was never officially recognised as a ‘ war ’ however it embroiled the hard-pressed commonwealth forces in what was largely an [use] of cunning and wit , pursuing a small , elusive army of bandits in some of the most inhospitable terrain in the world .

First bombing operation in the Malayan Emergency for 1 Squadron was on July 26 , 1950 .
first bombing [use] in the malayan emergency for 1 squadron was on july 26 , 1950 .

Official Report on the operation by 22 Squadron on September 17 , 1940
official report on the [use] by 22 squadron on september 17 , 1940

Before leaving we wrote to the Ministry of Defence asking if any further information was available concerning the operation in which my brother lost his life .
before leaving we wrote to the ministry of defence asking if any further information was available concerning the [use] in which my brother lost his life .

After our return from France we felt that we still did not have the complete story of that operation , and so we went to the Public Records Office at Kew to look up the records of 22 Squadron over that period .
after our return from france we felt that we still did not have the complete story of that [use] , and so we went to the public records office at kew to look up the records of 22 squadron over that period .

We had been studying all of the information we had collected in an effort to reconstruct the events of that operation .
we had been studying all of the information we had collected in an effort to reconstruct the events of that [use] .

By now , knowing that Thomas must have pressed home his own attack , we were concerned that the only reference to his part in the operation was the bald statement — ‘ The sixth aircraft was lost ’ .
by now , knowing that thomas must have pressed home his own attack , we were concerned that the only reference to his part in the [use] was the bald statement — ‘ the sixth aircraft was lost ’ .

Put in slightly different language slave trading blocked the operation of Christian benevolence arising from man 's innate ability to distinguish good from evil and strengthened ‘ by various communications of his revealed Will ’ .
put in slightly different language slave trading blocked the [use] of christian benevolence arising from man 's innate ability to distinguish good from evil and strengthened ‘ by various communications of his revealed will ’ .

When brought into operation it stimulated hope , emulation and friendship , the maturing of the social affections .
when brought into [use] it stimulated hope , emulation and friendship , the maturing of the social affections .

James Cropper who was at the centre of the efforts to establish a national antislavery body to work directly for emancipation declared roundly , ‘ We have no wild schemes of emancipation … we rather wish the thing may work its own way by the force of faith and the operation of circumstances .
james cropper who was at the centre of the efforts to establish a national antislavery body to work directly for emancipation declared roundly , ‘ we have no wild schemes of emancipation … we rather wish the thing may work its own way by the force of faith and the [use] of circumstances .

’ Activists had the job of implicating West Indian proprietors in the public mind with the lack of progress since 1807 but to do it ‘ wisely and prudently ’ by seeking ‘ to second or to remove the impediments out of the way of the free operation of the Jaws which the Creator has fixed in the nature of things ’ .
’ activists had the job of implicating west indian proprietors in the public mind with the lack of progress since 1807 but to do it ‘ wisely and prudently ’ by seeking ‘ to second or to remove the impediments out of the way of the free [use] of the jaws which the creator has fixed in the nature of things ’ .

News from missionaries , investigative visits and subsequent writing on the West Indies by Charles Stuart , Joseph Sturge and others provided the kind of detail which permitted attacks on the operation of the system as too little different from slavery to be supported as substantial progress .
news from missionaries , investigative visits and subsequent writing on the west indies by charles stuart , joseph sturge and others provided the kind of detail which permitted attacks on the [use] of the system as too little different from slavery to be supported as substantial progress .

Emancipation brought the apprenticeship system in the majority of the West Indian territories but , until its operation began to cause ripples of concern in 1835 , a mood of satisfaction prevailed amongst many reformers .
emancipation brought the apprenticeship system in the majority of the west indian territories but , until its [use] began to cause ripples of concern in 1835 , a mood of satisfaction prevailed amongst many reformers .

But the organisational and institutional history of antislavery at this level does not demonstrate any simple linear development culminating in an open , , democratic ' style of operation .
but the organisational and institutional history of antislavery at this level does not demonstrate any simple linear development culminating in an open , , democratic ' style of [use] .

Even in the periods of local committee or society expansion , although the groups were intended to draw in supporters to the cause , their operation did not provide unambiguous evidence of the politics of popular mobilisation .
even in the periods of local committee or society expansion , although the groups were intended to draw in supporters to the cause , their [use] did not provide unambiguous evidence of the politics of popular mobilisation .

Comfort was the main aim and in this respect ‘ fetid air ’ was a major problem and one trade paper warned proprietors that ‘ unfortunately there is an odoriferous obnoxiousness about a considerable number of motion picture houses that undoubtedly hinders their profitable operation ’ .
comfort was the main aim and in this respect ‘ fetid air ’ was a major problem and one trade paper warned proprietors that ‘ unfortunately there is an odoriferous obnoxiousness about a considerable number of motion picture houses that undoubtedly hinders their profitable [use] ’ .

The toilet can also be flushed whilst the fan is in operation .
the toilet can also be flushed whilst the fan is in [use] .

But this is not a d-i-y operation .
but this is not a d-i-y [use] .

Even out to give a maximum thickness of 50mm . An old household broom is useful for this operation
even out to give a maximum thickness of 50mm . an old household broom is useful for this [use]

Martek is well known for its innovative drill accessories , and we are offering two of the most useful products in the company 's range this month , both designed to be easy to use , but very precise in operation .
martek is well known for its innovative drill accessories , and we are offering two of the most useful products in the company 's range this month , both designed to be easy to use , but very precise in [use] .

Electrical equipment with loose wiring , a lack of basic operating instructions , and no advice on essential safety equipment or operation , are all pitfalls associated with sub-standard hire companies .
electrical equipment with loose wiring , a lack of basic operating instructions , and no advice on essential safety equipment or [use] , are all pitfalls associated with sub-standard hire companies .

these are non-electrical ( and therefore silent in operation ) , and can be adjusted from fully open to fully closed .
these are non-electrical ( and therefore silent in [use] ) , and can be adjusted from fully open to fully closed .

This last proposition is based on experience of systems where the intervention requires complex manipulative activity , for example a surgeon dealing with an emergency during an operation or an aircraft pilot taking over manually .
this last proposition is based on experience of systems where the intervention requires complex manipulative activity , for example a surgeon dealing with an emergency during an [use] or an aircraft pilot taking over manually .

Even when design attention can be focussed on the interaction within a single man-machine sub-system it emerges that the man may have very different roles in setting-up , operation and maintenance of his particular machine and each role may require separate man-machine allocation considerations .
even when design attention can be focussed on the interaction within a single man-machine sub-system it emerges that the man may have very different roles in setting-up , [use] and maintenance of his particular machine and each role may require separate man-machine allocation considerations .

In such a team operation there will normally be a clear standard mandatory difference of responsibility but in practice what they actually do can overlap and overlap differently for different teams .
in such a team [use] there will normally be a clear standard mandatory difference of responsibility but in practice what they actually do can overlap and overlap differently for different teams .

The first part should be a general introduction which orientates the readers towards the system , its purpose , its functional structure and mode of operation and its performance limits .
the first part should be a general introduction which orientates the readers towards the system , its purpose , its functional structure and mode of [use] and its performance limits .

The section describing the operation of the system should cover not only how the system operates but also how the user can operate it .
the section describing the [use] of the system should cover not only how the system operates but also how the user can operate it .

The machine itself and its style of operation was incidental , in fact it was possible to achieve the same procedure if not quite the same discipline on the student by using programmed books with directional references to other pages at the end of each page .
the machine itself and its style of [use] was incidental , in fact it was possible to achieve the same procedure if not quite the same discipline on the student by using programmed books with directional references to other pages at the end of each page .

in flying an aircraft , or when on-line operation is too expensive to be trusted to the hands of trainees , e.g .
in flying an aircraft , or when on-line [use] is too expensive to be trusted to the hands of trainees , e.g .

Howard Danford and Max Shirley call education ‘ a vitally important process involving the mind and emphasizing intellectual development , while recreation is a relatively insignificant operation centering around the body , amusement , fun and frivolity ’ ( 1970 , p.26 ) .
howard danford and max shirley call education ‘ a vitally important process involving the mind and emphasizing intellectual development , while recreation is a relatively insignificant [use] centering around the body , amusement , fun and frivolity ’ ( 1970 , p.26 ) .

Now faced with competition from a gamut of Unix-on-iAPX-86 contenders , Santa Cruz Operation Inc , which is also in the process of taking itself public , is reorganising its Unix system software lines into a more orderly collection of distinct desktop and server products .
now faced with competition from a gamut of unix-on-iapx-86 contenders , santa cruz [use] inc , which is also in the process of taking itself public , is reorganising its unix system software lines into a more orderly collection of distinct desktop and server products .

Geographical differentiation is a detail — albeit an important detail — and a result of the operation of social systems .
geographical differentiation is a detail — albeit an important detail — and a result of the [use] of social systems .

This point has been clearly demonstrated by recent reconsiderations of , for example , the nature of uneven regional development and economic under-development which show that both processes , whilst creating spatial patterns are , more fundamentally , outcomes of the operation of the economy rather than the result of autonomous geographical factors .
this point has been clearly demonstrated by recent reconsiderations of , for example , the nature of uneven regional development and economic under-development which show that both processes , whilst creating spatial patterns are , more fundamentally , outcomes of the [use] of the economy rather than the result of autonomous geographical factors .

The paper by Fitz , Edwards and Whitty examines the philosophy and operation of the Assisted Places Scheme .
the paper by fitz , edwards and whitty examines the philosophy and [use] of the assisted places scheme .

One aspect of this operation over which state schools , at any rate , have minimal control is the pupils who come to them .
one aspect of this [use] over which state schools , at any rate , have minimal control is the pupils who come to them .

Given the original form of recruitment of black workers and the operation of racial discrimination it is not surprising that a much larger proportion of black employees are manual workers than the white population in Britain .
given the original form of recruitment of black workers and the [use] of racial discrimination it is not surprising that a much larger proportion of black employees are manual workers than the white population in britain .

Although much of the racism that black job-seekers experience is of a direct and overt kind , it is important to recognize that a variety of indirect forms of discrimination also operates against black people in the search for employment , ranging from common employers ' practices like recruiting relatives and children of existing workers to the operation of particular conceptions of the ‘ good ’ worker which militate against the employment of workers thought to be different in manner or appearance ( Lee and Wrench , 1983 ; Blackburn and Mann , 1979 ; Jenkins , 1986 ) .
although much of the racism that black job-seekers experience is of a direct and overt kind , it is important to recognize that a variety of indirect forms of discrimination also operates against black people in the search for employment , ranging from common employers ' practices like recruiting relatives and children of existing workers to the [use] of particular conceptions of the ‘ good ’ worker which militate against the employment of workers thought to be different in manner or appearance ( lee and wrench , 1983 ; blackburn and mann , 1979 ; jenkins , 1986 ) .

Indeed one of the major conclusions to be drawn from the historical and sociological discussion in this chapter is that a proper analysis of the operation of ‘ race ’ as an element in British society and education requires an understanding of its interrelationship with the structured and cultural divisions which derive from class and gender relations , in the context of an understanding of Britain 's past imperial domination and its continuing legacies .
indeed one of the major conclusions to be drawn from the historical and sociological discussion in this chapter is that a proper analysis of the [use] of ‘ race ’ as an element in british society and education requires an understanding of its interrelationship with the structured and cultural divisions which derive from class and gender relations , in the context of an understanding of britain 's past imperial domination and its continuing legacies .

The changing labour market and economic structures therefore allow a certain ‘ space ’ for gender reforms even within an overall operation which reinforces existing patterns .
the changing labour market and economic structures therefore allow a certain ‘ space ’ for gender reforms even within an overall [use] which reinforces existing patterns .

However , they will only do this if they have a chance of hitting an adventurer — if a spell such as Zone of Sanctuary is in operation , for instance , the Skeletons will bide their time .
however , they will only do this if they have a chance of hitting an adventurer — if a spell such as zone of sanctuary is in [use] , for instance , the skeletons will bide their time .

it is extremely doubtful that the overall system … can ever be made to work without the kind of total ideological commitment and radical transformation which underlie its operation in socialist Yugoslavia . ( Miller , 1978 , p. 285 )
it is extremely doubtful that the overall system … can ever be made to work without the kind of total ideological commitment and radical transformation which underlie its [use] in socialist yugoslavia . ( miller , 1978 , p. 285 )

And functions are a reflection of the operation of the industrial relations system in its entirety .
and functions are a reflection of the [use] of the industrial relations system in its entirety .

Similarly , a good deal of attention has been directed to the important and topical issues of workers ' participation in enterprise decision-making , along with ‘ international ’ studies concerned with the operation and labour relations implications of multinational corporations .
similarly , a good deal of attention has been directed to the important and topical issues of workers ' participation in enterprise decision-making , along with ‘ international ’ studies concerned with the [use] and labour relations implications of multinational corporations .

Telephone and other communication systems were both inadequate in number and doubtful in operation .
telephone and other communication systems were both inadequate in number and doubtful in [use] .

On mobilization , the first-line army for an offensive operation would have numbered some 761,000 men , with a second line of about 1 million .
on mobilization , the first-line army for an offensive [use] would have numbered some 761,000 men , with a second line of about 1 million .

That part of the operation — and almost solely that part — went according to plan .
that part of the [use] — and almost solely that part — went according to plan .

Falkenhayn gave Crown Prince Wilhelm , commanding the Fifth Army , a clear assurance that the object of Operation ‘ Gericht ’ was to seize the fortress .
falkenhayn gave crown prince wilhelm , commanding the fifth army , a clear assurance that the object of [use] ‘ gericht ’ was to seize the fortress .

Yet , if that were so , why did his plan entail an attack from the east bank of the Meuse only , and not from the west bank also , to achieve a successful pincer operation ?
yet , if that were so , why did his plan entail an attack from the east bank of the meuse only , and not from the west bank also , to achieve a successful pincer [use] ?

His approximate area of operation then became known to Rear-Admiral Sir Christopher Cradock , whose responsibility it was to guard the southern tip of South America .
his approximate area of [use] then became known to rear-admiral sir christopher cradock , whose responsibility it was to guard the southern tip of south america .

There was no longer a possibility of a decisive operation in Flanders , still less the seizure of Zeebrugge and Ostend .
there was no longer a possibility of a decisive [use] in flanders , still less the seizure of zeebrugge and ostend .

The tenacity of his loyalty brought him back again and again to the perfect womanliness of Cis and the unmatchable maleness of Ifor , but in his wider field of operation they were no more than a couple of reference points : the rest of the map had to be filled in — by Philip , by Meredith , by rugby heroes , by the poets , but most of all , and as he went along , by himself .
the tenacity of his loyalty brought him back again and again to the perfect womanliness of cis and the unmatchable maleness of ifor , but in his wider field of [use] they were no more than a couple of reference points : the rest of the map had to be filled in — by philip , by meredith , by rugby heroes , by the poets , but most of all , and as he went along , by himself .

Again check the lock for correct operation from both sides of the door
again check the lock for correct [use] from both sides of the door

The two-trigger operation means that both hands must be kept firmly on the handles , and therefore out of harm 's way when in use .
the two-trigger [use] means that both hands must be kept firmly on the handles , and therefore out of harm 's way when in use .

Georgi Markov , the Bulgarian dissident writer , recalled the first speech given by a new factory director which could have been given by any Romanian middle-ranking cynical conformist when put in charge of an operation by an arbitrary decision from the top . The director told his new subordinates :
georgi markov , the bulgarian dissident writer , recalled the first speech given by a new factory director which could have been given by any romanian middle-ranking cynical conformist when put in charge of an [use] by an arbitrary decision from the top . the director told his new subordinates :

Poor Mum , she 's had to go into hospital for an operation .
poor mum , she 's had to go into hospital for an [use] .

No operation had been invented to give you small feet .
no [use] had been invented to give you small feet .

This ended the most severe part of the operation , although the air battles overhead continued to keep enemy bombers from the ships .
this ended the most severe part of the [use] , although the air battles overhead continued to keep enemy bombers from the ships .

This illustrated the urgency of many commando and other wartime activities when the time needed to set up a special operation was almost impossibly short , but the official records do not show the efforts behind the scenes in preparing the ground .
this illustrated the urgency of many commando and other wartime activities when the time needed to set up a special [use] was almost impossibly short , but the official records do not show the efforts behind the scenes in preparing the ground .

They can be fairly noisy in operation , so you may not want one in your kitchen , but they are comparatively efficient : 65 % , similar to most gas boilers , and easy to control .
they can be fairly noisy in [use] , so you may not want one in your kitchen , but they are comparatively efficient : 65 % , similar to most gas boilers , and easy to control .

If this tank contains no water ( it should be about one-third full when the system is on ) , first check the operation of its ballvalve .
if this tank contains no water ( it should be about one-third full when the system is on ) , first check the [use] of its ballvalve .

Adding a radiator to a system is not usually a difficult operation .
adding a radiator to a system is not usually a difficult [use] .

If you go away for the weekend during the winter , leave the central heating on the minimum thermostat setting , with the programmer set to 24-hour operation and remove or prop open the loft hatch .
if you go away for the weekend during the winter , leave the central heating on the minimum thermostat setting , with the programmer set to 24-hour [use] and remove or prop open the loft hatch .

Many wc cisterns are noisy in operation — either because of the type of cistern installed , or due to the ball valve .
many wc cisterns are noisy in [use] — either because of the type of cistern installed , or due to the ball valve .

Close-coupled double-symphonic suites are quieter still in operation and a change over to a modern suite may be well worth considering .
close-coupled double-symphonic suites are quieter still in [use] and a change over to a modern suite may be well worth considering .

They are ‘ mighty works ’ demonstrating the powers of the Kingdom in operation .
they are ‘ mighty works ’ demonstrating the powers of the kingdom in [use] .

When receptors receive and decode the message in order to uncover the meaning , the operation is no less complex .
when receptors receive and decode the message in order to uncover the meaning , the [use] is no less complex .

At first glance this might seem to be a more straightforward operation than gathering membership statistics — after all , attenders are visible on church premises and therefore easily counted . On further thought it is soon evident that it is not as easy as that , because the same people are not at church every week , some come more than once on Sunday and will , therefore , be counted twice , and there is an attendance fluctuation depending on the state of the weather and the time of year !
at first glance this might seem to be a more straightforward [use] than gathering membership statistics — after all , attenders are visible on church premises and therefore easily counted . on further thought it is soon evident that it is not as easy as that , because the same people are not at church every week , some come more than once on sunday and will , therefore , be counted twice , and there is an attendance fluctuation depending on the state of the weather and the time of year !

Our adoption is only made possible through the exercise of God 's grace and the operation of his Spirit ( Eph .
our adoption is only made possible through the exercise of god 's grace and the [use] of his spirit ( eph .

In its freest operation it is a medium for inspiration and creativity .
in its freest [use] it is a medium for inspiration and creativity .

One placed a knife against the huge scar left by his stomach operation in Canada .
one placed a knife against the huge scar left by his stomach [use] in canada .

One of the most successful was the operation to which the hit man , Guy Fawkes , gave his name in 1605 .
one of the most successful was the [use] to which the hit man , guy fawkes , gave his name in 1605 .

There was a professionalism and explosive expertise about the operation totally alien to the loyalist slap-dash , amateur bombers .
there was a professionalism and explosive expertise about the [use] totally alien to the loyalist slap-dash , amateur bombers .

On Whitelaw 's arrival in Northern Ireland , he began a similar farflung operation to manipulate the Ulster public .
on whitelaw 's arrival in northern ireland , he began a similar farflung [use] to manipulate the ulster public .

The Callaghan government replied with the largest airlift and sea movement of troops since the Suez operation twenty-one years earlier .
the callaghan government replied with the largest airlift and sea movement of troops since the suez [use] twenty-one years earlier .

prompt receipt , analysis and reporting of reported faults in the operation of the Licensed Software
prompt receipt , analysis and reporting of reported faults in the [use] of the licensed software

17.1 This Agreement shall not be assigned by , whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law , in whole or in part , to any party without the prior written consent of .
17.1 this agreement shall not be assigned by , whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by [use] of law , in whole or in part , to any party without the prior written consent of .

This will describe the nature and operation of the Core Software of Adam & Eve described in Part 1(1) of this Schedule .
this will describe the nature and [use] of the core software of adam & eve described in part 1(1) of this schedule .

Nothing in this Agreement or in its operation shall be interpreted as constituting a partnership or joint-venture between and .
nothing in this agreement or in its [use] shall be interpreted as constituting a partnership or joint-venture between and .

Marriage remained an effective barrier to further work for women largely through the operation of domestic ideologies enshrined in employment practice and male culture .
marriage remained an effective barrier to further work for women largely through the [use] of domestic ideologies enshrined in employment practice and male culture .

Most significant were those around the operation of the poor law .
most significant were those around the [use] of the poor law .

If you have a sensitive nose , you yourself will be able to detect if some washing operation has been carried out , since the chemicals used tend to leave a lingering smell , especially along the inner margins .
if you have a sensitive nose , you yourself will be able to detect if some washing [use] has been carried out , since the chemicals used tend to leave a lingering smell , especially along the inner margins .

Pareto and Mosca ransacked history for multiple examples of this ‘ natural ’ cycle in operation , claiming that the accumulated weight of evidence refuted Marxist claims that there could ever be a classless society and liberals ' optimism that power could ever be meaningfully dispersed under popular control by establishing representative government .
pareto and mosca ransacked history for multiple examples of this ‘ natural ’ cycle in [use] , claiming that the accumulated weight of evidence refuted marxist claims that there could ever be a classless society and liberals ' optimism that power could ever be meaningfully dispersed under popular control by establishing representative government .

The separation of the legal system from direct political control , and its apparent operation in a dispassionate rational — legal mode also make it an aspect of the fragmentation of the state which requires the most explanation .
the separation of the legal system from direct political control , and its apparent [use] in a dispassionate rational — legal mode also make it an aspect of the fragmentation of the state which requires the most explanation .

But doing so required a process of theoretical labour in which the analyst abstracts from a mass of empirical observations in order to detect the underlying order beneath the appearance of bewildering variety , and works out the fundamental causal processes in operation .
but doing so required a process of theoretical labour in which the analyst abstracts from a mass of empirical observations in order to detect the underlying order beneath the appearance of bewildering variety , and works out the fundamental causal processes in [use] .

Functionalist Marxists continue to insist that rational comprehensive planning is only possible under socialism , despite a complete lack of evidence for this judgement in the operation of planning in the Soviet Union or its allied states ( Nove , 1983 ) .
functionalist marxists continue to insist that rational comprehensive planning is only possible under socialism , despite a complete lack of evidence for this judgement in the [use] of planning in the soviet union or its allied states ( nove , 1983 ) .

DigiBoard has appointed Jon Williams as European marketing manager : Williams joins from Novell Inc , where he was a senior European product manager , and will be based at DigiBoard 's German operation in Cologne .
digiboard has appointed jon williams as european marketing manager : williams joins from novell inc , where he was a senior european product manager , and will be based at digiboard 's german [use] in cologne .

Observers expect the Santa Cruz Operation to announce a profit for its first quarter shortly : the market is expected to want the company to prove it can be profitable for one further quarter through to March — without Larry Michels — before issuing an initial public offering next April with the aim of going public in June .
observers expect the santa cruz [use] to announce a profit for its first quarter shortly : the market is expected to want the company to prove it can be profitable for one further quarter through to march — without larry michels — before issuing an initial public offering next april with the aim of going public in june .

As soon as the operation has been performed and while they are still bleeding , the young warriors are placed on this mukula log .
as soon as the [use] has been performed and while they are still bleeding , the young warriors are placed on this mukula log .

After a review of its operation in 1977 it became clear that only a minority of patients referred from the other hospitals were being successfully rehabilitated and that St Wulstan 's had become another long-stay hospital .
after a review of its [use] in 1977 it became clear that only a minority of patients referred from the other hospitals were being successfully rehabilitated and that st wulstan 's had become another long-stay hospital .

At Powick the strongly centrist mode of operation meant that the health authority and local authority service framework adopted was built on assumptions about needs that were established wisdom ( though whose , as was seen in Chapter 2 , was not clear ) .
at powick the strongly centrist mode of [use] meant that the health authority and local authority service framework adopted was built on assumptions about needs that were established wisdom ( though whose , as was seen in chapter 2 , was not clear ) .

The population was becoming less markedly English than it had been at the beginning of the century , with a large number of Ulstermen ( who felt the operation of the leasehold system was squeezing them out of land they had conquered and settled in Ireland ) , Scotsmen , and Germans among the settlers .
the population was becoming less markedly english than it had been at the beginning of the century , with a large number of ulstermen ( who felt the [use] of the leasehold system was squeezing them out of land they had conquered and settled in ireland ) , scotsmen , and germans among the settlers .

Control Data Systems and Structural Dynamics Research Corporation have formed a joint venture to design and market product data management software : Metaphase Technology Inc , currently without a president , will work out of Minnesota and should employ 100 people in its first year of operation .
control data systems and structural dynamics research corporation have formed a joint venture to design and market product data management software : metaphase technology inc , currently without a president , will work out of minnesota and should employ 100 people in its first year of [use] .

Could the Santa Cruz Operation Inc go public and get acquired ?
could the santa cruz [use] inc go public and get acquired ?

What with the Santa Cruz Operation 's new president Lars Turndal being the new kid on the block and a stranger to most of the people who 'll have to deal with him , we thought we 'd give a little of his background .
what with the santa cruz [use] 's new president lars turndal being the new kid on the block and a stranger to most of the people who 'll have to deal with him , we thought we 'd give a little of his background .

Operation Osprey has now been set up to tackle a fresh wave … a team of detectives are trying to establish a concrete link between the cases [ Craven is talking against a backcloth of computers ] .
[use] osprey has now been set up to tackle a fresh wave … a team of detectives are trying to establish a concrete link between the cases [ craven is talking against a backcloth of computers ] .

Larry Michels , president of California-based Santa Cruz Operation Inc , has been charged with sexual harassment in a civil lawsuit filed by three former executive secretaries of the company in Santa Cruz County 's Superior Court .
larry michels , president of california-based santa cruz [use] inc , has been charged with sexual harassment in a civil lawsuit filed by three former executive secretaries of the company in santa cruz county 's superior court .

The planet had a technical operation in Grenoble even before Sun spun it out .
the planet had a technical [use] in grenoble even before sun spun it out .

Even the business side included the likes of Doug Michels from the Santa Cruz Operation , Chuck Reilly from the Open Software Foundation and Roel Pieper from Unix System Labs , and was well attended .
even the business side included the likes of doug michels from the santa cruz [use] , chuck reilly from the open software foundation and roel pieper from unix system labs , and was well attended .

Hewlett-Packard meanwhile is downsizing , if not shutting down , what 's left of the graphics group and workstation operation it has at its Fort Collins facility in Colorado .
hewlett-packard meanwhile is downsizing , if not shutting down , what 's left of the graphics group and workstation [use] it has at its fort collins facility in colorado .

The Dock railway lines at Preston saw another steam operation over the Spring Bank Holiday weekend , again over three days .
the dock railway lines at preston saw another steam [use] over the spring bank holiday weekend , again over three days .

The higher profile can only result in more visitors to the existing steam railway operation , and therefore to the Bodmin area as a whole , as well as present much needed employment opportunities .
the higher profile can only result in more visitors to the existing steam railway [use] , and therefore to the bodmin area as a whole , as well as present much needed employment opportunities .

Six years ago he added two home-made diesel shunters to the operation and then two years ago embarked on an even more ambitious project … two narrow gauge steam loco 's designed from scratch , for the line .
six years ago he added two home-made diesel shunters to the [use] and then two years ago embarked on an even more ambitious project … two narrow gauge steam loco 's designed from scratch , for the line .

Further details of operation can be obtained from The Dean Forest Railway Company .
further details of [use] can be obtained from the dean forest railway company .

We wish to appoint a recent PhD graduate for a term of 3 years to undertake research in the development of generic techniques and artificial intelligence for expert systems and intelligent optimisation of systems and processes with broad application to design , planning and operation of engineering systems and facilities , including construction robotics .
we wish to appoint a recent phd graduate for a term of 3 years to undertake research in the development of generic techniques and artificial intelligence for expert systems and intelligent optimisation of systems and processes with broad application to design , planning and [use] of engineering systems and facilities , including construction robotics .

As Quality Control/Data Scientists you will be responsible for important quality control and audit procedures for the laboratory 's analytical functions , and be involved in the operation and management of laboratory and Regional Data systems .
as quality control/data scientists you will be responsible for important quality control and audit procedures for the laboratory 's analytical functions , and be involved in the [use] and management of laboratory and regional data systems .

The North Junction signal box features hands-on displays illustrating the development , role and operation of rail signalling from 1840 to the present day .
the north junction signal box features hands-on displays illustrating the development , role and [use] of rail signalling from 1840 to the present day .

This is one of the largest exhibits at the Centre and special permission has been sought from the Department of Transport to allow operation over the Trust 's lines .
this is one of the largest exhibits at the centre and special permission has been sought from the department of transport to allow [use] over the trust 's lines .

Amnesty International is also concerned that in other instances , during the operation some unarmed civilians were reportedly killed deliberately by Soviet and Azerbaydzhani law enforcement officials without warning or attempts to apprehend them , and that some people are said to have been detained for short periods solely on grounds of their ethnic origin .
amnesty international is also concerned that in other instances , during the [use] some unarmed civilians were reportedly killed deliberately by soviet and azerbaydzhani law enforcement officials without warning or attempts to apprehend them , and that some people are said to have been detained for short periods solely on grounds of their ethnic origin .

Daniel Omara Atubu was arrested in Kampala on 15 April 1991 , at the time of a major counter-insurgency operation by the Ugandan army against rebels who have been active in the northern districts of Gulu , Kitgum , Lira and Apac since 1986 .
daniel omara atubu was arrested in kampala on 15 april 1991 , at the time of a major counter-insurgency [use] by the ugandan army against rebels who have been active in the northern districts of gulu , kitgum , lira and apac since 1986 .

The commercial terminal was closed for some kind of police operation .
the commercial terminal was closed for some kind of police [use] .

In only the second three set match so far for Bates , Norfolk 's Bailey , fully recovered from a knee operation which almost severed his career when ranked at 124 back in 1990 , produced the strongest challenge yet .
in only the second three set match so far for bates , norfolk 's bailey , fully recovered from a knee [use] which almost severed his career when ranked at 124 back in 1990 , produced the strongest challenge yet .

The massive aid operation ( the Red Cross allocated 20 per cent of their world budget to Somalia ) has had a visible effect , despite the odds stacked against it .
the massive aid [use] ( the red cross allocated 20 per cent of their world budget to somalia ) has had a visible effect , despite the odds stacked against it .

If dew-claws prove troublesome in other dogs , you can have them removed by your vet , although this is more of a major operation when carried out at this late stage than in early puppyhood .
if dew-claws prove troublesome in other dogs , you can have them removed by your vet , although this is more of a major [use] when carried out at this late stage than in early puppyhood .

Although there is an operation for this purpose , called ventriculocordectomy , it is generally considered to be undesirable .
although there is an [use] for this purpose , called ventriculocordectomy , it is generally considered to be undesirable .

The operation described as castration is relatively simple , even in an older dog , because the incision is made in the testes , and there is no need to open the body cavity itself .
the [use] described as castration is relatively simple , even in an older dog , because the incision is made in the testes , and there is no need to open the body cavity itself .

The declared policy of this Company is as a commercial operation .
the declared policy of this company is as a commercial [use] .

In order to breathe during this operation , the young waxbill has to adopt a particular posture ; young whydahs and indigo birds adopt this too .
in order to breathe during this [use] , the young waxbill has to adopt a particular posture ; young whydahs and indigo birds adopt this too .

It was n't an easy operation and the timing of it was important .
it was n't an easy [use] and the timing of it was important .

There are about 700 Boeing 747s in operation around the world , and rather fewer Douglas DCI0s and Lockheed Lloll Tri-Stars : the so-called jumbo jets , the wide-bodies , those given the suffix ‘ heavy ’ — as in ‘ Cathay Pacific 200-Heavy ’ — by the air traffic controllers .
there are about 700 boeing 747s in [use] around the world , and rather fewer douglas dci0s and lockheed lloll tri-stars : the so-called jumbo jets , the wide-bodies , those given the suffix ‘ heavy ’ — as in ‘ cathay pacific 200-heavy ’ — by the air traffic controllers .

But the complication of such an operation would be considerable ; and it is reasonable to say that the entire population of the Pacific nations , even if they inhabit the Atlantic seaboard , can make use of the goods that are carried across the Pacific Ocean .
but the complication of such an [use] would be considerable ; and it is reasonable to say that the entire population of the pacific nations , even if they inhabit the atlantic seaboard , can make use of the goods that are carried across the pacific ocean .

Members of several gangs , from earliest teens to twenties , crowded the cracked plastic benches in the reception vestibule or squatted on the floor , awaiting processing , a slow operation .
members of several gangs , from earliest teens to twenties , crowded the cracked plastic benches in the reception vestibule or squatted on the floor , awaiting processing , a slow [use] .

Then , during a single operation , the surgeons of the Apothacarion implanted the Oolitic Kidney and the Neuroglottis .
then , during a single [use] , the surgeons of the apothacarion implanted the oolitic kidney and the neuroglottis .

Currently the building is dismantled and is stored at Bo'ness awaiting the day when the rebuilding operation can begin .
currently the building is dismantled and is stored at bo'ness awaiting the day when the rebuilding [use] can begin .

‘ Profits from this operation would eventually be used to further the line northwards in stages , and in particular pay for a key bridge over the River Glaslyn .
‘ profits from this [use] would eventually be used to further the line northwards in stages , and in particular pay for a key bridge over the river glaslyn .

Before the operation my speech had been getting more slurred , so that only people who knew me well could understand me .
before the [use] my speech had been getting more slurred , so that only people who knew me well could understand me .

Larger building companies may have reduced this operation to a form-filling exercise , particularly on repetitive projects , for example housing .
larger building companies may have reduced this [use] to a form-filling exercise , particularly on repetitive projects , for example housing .

( b ) That no overlap of measurement occurs , with the consequential payment of the sub-contractor twice for the same operation .
( b ) that no overlap of measurement occurs , with the consequential payment of the sub-contractor twice for the same [use] .

Even when the work can be executed in one operation it may prove beneficial to identify stage targets , for example first lift or second lift on brickwork .
even when the work can be executed in one [use] it may prove beneficial to identify stage targets , for example first lift or second lift on brickwork .

Work and method study is essential in the successful operation of a bonus scheme .
work and method study is essential in the successful [use] of a bonus scheme .

Where sophisticated cost systems have been introduced a division of the time sheet into hours spent on each operation or work section will be essential .
where sophisticated cost systems have been introduced a division of the time sheet into hours spent on each [use] or work section will be essential .

The house move was a perfectly symmetrical operation : lucid , elegant .
the house move was a perfectly symmetrical [use] : lucid , elegant .

Suppose they are each integrated with their retailing operation .
suppose they are each integrated with their retailing [use] .

They did n't tell us what the operation was for .
they did n't tell us what the [use] was for .

Adler v. George shows that statutes may be read not only against the background of notions of justice and settled legal principle ( which tend to limit their operation ) but also against the background of notions of ordinary common sense ( which may extend their operation ) .
adler v. george shows that statutes may be read not only against the background of notions of justice and settled legal principle ( which tend to limit their [use] ) but also against the background of notions of ordinary common sense ( which may extend their [use] ) .

This line of reasoning enables the courts to use the Convention as a means of restricting the operation of statutes .
this line of reasoning enables the courts to use the convention as a means of restricting the [use] of statutes .

In this passage , which is very near the end of the book , he ironically sums up the manner in which the hypocritical bureaucrats of Whitehall and Washington dealt with their own inadequacies when their major spying operation went wrong .
in this passage , which is very near the end of the book , he ironically sums up the manner in which the hypocritical bureaucrats of whitehall and washington dealt with their own inadequacies when their major spying [use] went wrong .

The various people mentioned , such as Ned and Barley , had all been involved in the operation in one way or another .
the various people mentioned , such as ned and barley , had all been involved in the [use] in one way or another .

In some languages , such as Japanese and Chinese , a totally different pattern seems to be in operation .
in some languages , such as japanese and chinese , a totally different pattern seems to be in [use] .

/ They have a totally integrated operation from the preparation of the yarn through to the weaving process / .
/ they have a totally integrated [use] from the preparation of the yarn through to the weaving process / .

But it is also helpful to see how such principles have been put into operation , and for this reason we look now at a discussion of two large urban sociolinguistic research projects , in Philadelphia and Belfast , which have utilized a range of different methods to attain different types of goal .
but it is also helpful to see how such principles have been put into [use] , and for this reason we look now at a discussion of two large urban sociolinguistic research projects , in philadelphia and belfast , which have utilized a range of different methods to attain different types of goal .

In contrast with the design of the New York City interviews , no attempt is made to attain breadth of coverage ( by sampling ) and depth of linguistic information ( by eliciting both formal and casual speech styles ) in a single operation .
in contrast with the design of the new york city interviews , no attempt is made to attain breadth of coverage ( by sampling ) and depth of linguistic information ( by eliciting both formal and casual speech styles ) in a single [use] .

The role of speaker variables in sociolinguistic theory was assessed , and the practical difficulties of putting into operation the social class and network variables in different types of community was explored .
the role of speaker variables in sociolinguistic theory was assessed , and the practical difficulties of putting into [use] the social class and network variables in different types of community was explored .

Up to now the possibility had seemed so remote as not to need consideration — an order given by Hardy as a matter of course , accepted by Denis as a standard instruction in an operation of this nature .
up to now the possibility had seemed so remote as not to need consideration — an order given by hardy as a matter of course , accepted by denis as a standard instruction in an [use] of this nature .

The second main body of principles governing the civil service derives from the Northcote-Trevelyan Report of 1853 which was put into full operation in 1870 .
the second main body of principles governing the civil service derives from the northcote-trevelyan report of 1853 which was put into full [use] in 1870 .

Other aspects which concerned the public such as the need to retain certain uneconomic railway lines , the use of coal to prevent too fast a rise in unemployment in areas dependent on mining or the case for airports on remote islands in Scotland , could then all be urged from outside on the individual industries and on the Ministry for Nationalized Industries without confusing these social objectives with the normal criteria of operation .
other aspects which concerned the public such as the need to retain certain uneconomic railway lines , the use of coal to prevent too fast a rise in unemployment in areas dependent on mining or the case for airports on remote islands in scotland , could then all be urged from outside on the individual industries and on the ministry for nationalized industries without confusing these social objectives with the normal criteria of [use] .

The details of the formula were varied , sometimes year by year , but the formula was then automatic in its operation ( it is true that the government had a reserve power to withhold grant from a particular authority , but this power was never used ) .
the details of the formula were varied , sometimes year by year , but the formula was then automatic in its [use] ( it is true that the government had a reserve power to withhold grant from a particular authority , but this power was never used ) .

The Conservative view was that economic development should not be fashioned by the state but should rise from the natural operation of a free market economy .
the conservative view was that economic development should not be fashioned by the state but should rise from the natural [use] of a free market economy .

These ideas came together and were put into operation by the 1945 — 51 Labour Government .
these ideas came together and were put into [use] by the 1945 — 51 labour government .

Regional measures under the then Conservative government , wrote the Cambridge Economic Policy Review in 1980 , ‘ are increasingly limited to areas with the worst social problems , implying greater reliance on the operation of market forces to produce ‘ convergence ’
regional measures under the then conservative government , wrote the cambridge economic policy review in 1980 , ‘ are increasingly limited to areas with the worst social problems , implying greater reliance on the [use] of market forces to produce ‘ convergence ’

Inclusive tour operation is thus just one , and sometimes a very small , part of the parent company 's business .
inclusive tour [use] is thus just one , and sometimes a very small , part of the parent company 's business .

Trust House Forte is probably the group most closely centred upon leisure and holiday based activities , being mainly a hotel and catering operation .
trust house forte is probably the group most closely centred upon leisure and holiday based activities , being mainly a hotel and catering [use] .

Success was rapid with 2,196 organized weeks of holiday taken in the first year of operation .
success was rapid with 2,196 organized weeks of holiday taken in the first year of [use] .

‘ She 's come through the operation very well .
‘ she 's come through the [use] very well .

But then , second , there was a further division of labour , in the installation , maintenance and some forms of operation of the technology itself : electricians , carpenters , logistical staff .
but then , second , there was a further division of labour , in the installation , maintenance and some forms of [use] of the technology itself : electricians , carpenters , logistical staff .

My advice extended to a number of important legal technicalities and in particular to the operation of any necessary changes in the prevailing system of rent control — which for many years served to support social stability in this country to an extent rarely recognised .
my advice extended to a number of important legal technicalities and in particular to the [use] of any necessary changes in the prevailing system of rent control — which for many years served to support social stability in this country to an extent rarely recognised .

On my fifth and final visit , the operation was led by Alec Douglas-Home himself , although he played no part in the actual discussions except at some crucial moments when decisions had to be made .
on my fifth and final visit , the [use] was led by alec douglas-home himself , although he played no part in the actual discussions except at some crucial moments when decisions had to be made .

This paradox is explained by the fact that the figures are of no relevance to the operation of the housing department throughout the rest of the year .
this paradox is explained by the fact that the figures are of no relevance to the [use] of the housing department throughout the rest of the year .

My dream is achievable because all we have to do is stop doing some of the things we are already doing : stop using the productive forces we have developed to create disabilities through warfare , environmental pollution and industrial accidents ; stop creating disabilities through poverty by using our vast wealth not in pursuit of capital accumulation and profit , but in ensuring that we all have the necessities to sustain material life ; and stop judging and treating people on the basis of the contribution they can or can not make to the development and operation of these productive forces .
my dream is achievable because all we have to do is stop doing some of the things we are already doing : stop using the productive forces we have developed to create disabilities through warfare , environmental pollution and industrial accidents ; stop creating disabilities through poverty by using our vast wealth not in pursuit of capital accumulation and profit , but in ensuring that we all have the necessities to sustain material life ; and stop judging and treating people on the basis of the contribution they can or can not make to the development and [use] of these productive forces .

It follows that society is entitled to insist , for example , that companies are equipped with governance structures adequate to enforce a commitment to profits on the part of management and to promote the efficient operation of the business .
it follows that society is entitled to insist , for example , that companies are equipped with governance structures adequate to enforce a commitment to profits on the part of management and to promote the efficient [use] of the business .

If , as will be considered next , companies serve the public interest by seeking to maximise their profits , then the shareholders ' rights may be justifiable on functional grounds , that is , by virtue of their role in securing the efficient operation of the business .
if , as will be considered next , companies serve the public interest by seeking to maximise their profits , then the shareholders ' rights may be justifiable on functional grounds , that is , by virtue of their role in securing the efficient [use] of the business .

Secondly , because of defects inherent in the operation of markets , the strict maximisation of profits will in any case frequently fail to lead to the maximisation of aggregate wealth .
secondly , because of defects inherent in the [use] of markets , the strict maximisation of profits will in any case frequently fail to lead to the maximisation of aggregate wealth .

The point is not merely that decisions about the day to day operation of the business or even long-term strategy have been taken out of the shareholders ' hands — this is the intended , central advantage of the corporate form — but that the shareholders are no longer able to shape the purpose for which the business is run , that is , they are unable to oblige management to maximise profits .
the point is not merely that decisions about the day to day [use] of the business or even long-term strategy have been taken out of the shareholders ' hands — this is the intended , central advantage of the corporate form — but that the shareholders are no longer able to shape the purpose for which the business is run , that is , they are unable to oblige management to maximise profits .

It may be related to the size , complexity and nature of the company 's operation and therefore to the organisational structure which has been developed over many years .
it may be related to the size , complexity and nature of the company 's [use] and therefore to the organisational structure which has been developed over many years .

because society has an interest in the efficient operation of the business that might be damaged if the company is taken-over ) .
because society has an interest in the efficient [use] of the business that might be damaged if the company is taken-over ) .

This claim will be considered in more detail later in the chapter , together with the view of some market theorists that the operation of market forces renders liability rules in this area superfluous .
this claim will be considered in more detail later in the chapter , together with the view of some market theorists that the [use] of market forces renders liability rules in this area superfluous .

More rigorous liability rules are , however , opposed by market theorists , who believe that the operation of markets imposes a discipline which is sufficient to secure an acceptable level of managerial efficiency , without giving rise to the costs that flow from reliance on a liability regime .
more rigorous liability rules are , however , opposed by market theorists , who believe that the [use] of markets imposes a discipline which is sufficient to secure an acceptable level of managerial efficiency , without giving rise to the costs that flow from reliance on a liability regime .

Some theorists regard the discipline it imposes as the only truly effective constraint on managerial discretion and therefore consider its operation to be crucial to the efficiency of the private enterprise economy .
some theorists regard the discipline it imposes as the only truly effective constraint on managerial discretion and therefore consider its [use] to be crucial to the efficiency of the private enterprise economy .

This is followed by sections on optimizing the performance of direct files , and on the practical steps that can be taken to maximize the efficiency of these files in operation .
this is followed by sections on optimizing the performance of direct files , and on the practical steps that can be taken to maximize the efficiency of these files in [use] .

It is almost always a lack of storage space , or the fact that the file is dynamic and so can not be loaded in a single operation , that prevents self-indexing , and not the time taken to carry out the calculations .
it is almost always a lack of storage space , or the fact that the file is dynamic and so can not be loaded in a single [use] , that prevents self-indexing , and not the time taken to carry out the calculations .

The result of this operation , for the keys given above , is shown in Fig. 6.5(a) .
the result of this [use] , for the keys given above , is shown in fig. 6.5(a) .

In every other respect the file load will be a normal — and sequential — operation , except that some positions may be left vacant to retain the address/key relationship .
in every other respect the file load will be a normal — and sequential — [use] , except that some positions may be left vacant to retain the address/key relationship .

The optimum bucket size to minimize the time taken by operations carried out on a file depends on the nature of the operation .
the optimum bucket size to minimize the time taken by operations carried out on a file depends on the nature of the [use] .

It will , however , mean that a larger quantity of data has to be transferred into main storage for each update operation , even if only one record in the block is required .
it will , however , mean that a larger quantity of data has to be transferred into main storage for each update [use] , even if only one record in the block is required .

Andy and William are in monochrome ; black and white , DJs removed for the bubbly-waterfall operation .
andy and william are in monochrome ; black and white , djs removed for the bubbly-waterfall [use] .

There had been a steady diminution — since the operation — in his own interest in dentistry but she had tapped his experience out of him and collected it with care .
there had been a steady diminution — since the [use] — in his own interest in dentistry but she had tapped his experience out of him and collected it with care .

Or , further , is it possible to incorporate in the framework of the state itself some provision or institution by which a governmental act or command ultra vires may be declared to be such , and subjects therefore exempted from its operation and released from any legal obligation to observe or obey it ?
or , further , is it possible to incorporate in the framework of the state itself some provision or institution by which a governmental act or command ultra vires may be declared to be such , and subjects therefore exempted from its [use] and released from any legal obligation to observe or obey it ?

Nor can the operation of constitutional law be understood without reference to the practice of politics .
nor can the [use] of constitutional law be understood without reference to the practice of politics .

It endangers continued public confidence in the political impartiality of the judiciary , which is essential to the continuance of the rule of law , if judges , under the guise of interpretation , provide their own preferred amendments to statutes which experience of their operation has shown to have had consequences that members of the court before whom the matter comes consider to be injurious to the public interest .
it endangers continued public confidence in the political impartiality of the judiciary , which is essential to the continuance of the rule of law , if judges , under the guise of interpretation , provide their own preferred amendments to statutes which experience of their [use] has shown to have had consequences that members of the court before whom the matter comes consider to be injurious to the public interest .

The frequency with which controversial legislation is amended by Parliament itself ( as witness the Act of 1974 which was amended in 1975 as well as in 1976 ) indicates that legislation , after it has come into operation , may fail to have the beneficial effects which Parliament expected or may produce injurious results that Parliament did not anticipate .
the frequency with which controversial legislation is amended by parliament itself ( as witness the act of 1974 which was amended in 1975 as well as in 1976 ) indicates that legislation , after it has come into [use] , may fail to have the beneficial effects which parliament expected or may produce injurious results that parliament did not anticipate .

Secondly , it is the case that this rule of recognition , in terms of which he assesses the validity of a particular statute , is not only accepted by him but is the rule of recognition actually accepted and employed in the general operation of the system .
secondly , it is the case that this rule of recognition , in terms of which he assesses the validity of a particular statute , is not only accepted by him but is the rule of recognition actually accepted and employed in the general [use] of the system .

If some conception of the nature and dimensions of the relevant political community provides the framework for the operation of the doctrine , equally some conception of democracy must provide its substantive political content .
if some conception of the nature and dimensions of the relevant political community provides the framework for the [use] of the doctrine , equally some conception of democracy must provide its substantive political content .

The Stuart kings also claimed to have other prerogative powers of considerable importance , namely a suspending power , which could be used to postpone the operation of a statute for an indefinite period , and a dispensing power , which could be used to relieve offenders from the statutory penalties they had incurred .
the stuart kings also claimed to have other prerogative powers of considerable importance , namely a suspending power , which could be used to postpone the [use] of a statute for an indefinite period , and a dispensing power , which could be used to relieve offenders from the statutory penalties they had incurred .

The operation was hideously expensive in lives , and yielded no immediate results ; yet as at Dien Bien Phu they crashed through the enemy 's psychological threshold .
the [use] was hideously expensive in lives , and yielded no immediate results ; yet as at dien bien phu they crashed through the enemy 's psychological threshold .

This benefit , phased in over a number of years , came fully into operation in 1979 , and replaced child tax allowances and family allowances .
this benefit , phased in over a number of years , came fully into [use] in 1979 , and replaced child tax allowances and family allowances .

In fact , the housing benefit scheme only came fully into operation in April 1983 .
in fact , the housing benefit scheme only came fully into [use] in april 1983 .

During 1981 — 2 , the year before the national housing benefit scheme came into operation , 1.6 million tenants gained rent rebates , a further 250,000 tenants in private property gained a rent allowance , and 3.7 million rate-payers gained rate rebates .
during 1981 — 2 , the year before the national housing benefit scheme came into [use] , 1.6 million tenants gained rent rebates , a further 250,000 tenants in private property gained a rent allowance , and 3.7 million rate-payers gained rate rebates .

It is against this background — of the growing importance that the Government attaches to means-tested assistance — seen both in its rising share of public expenditure , and the significant rise in the numbers claiming such assistance , that we need to consider the operation of the poverty and unemployment traps .
it is against this background — of the growing importance that the government attaches to means-tested assistance — seen both in its rising share of public expenditure , and the significant rise in the numbers claiming such assistance , that we need to consider the [use] of the poverty and unemployment traps .

But without the initial pump-priming operation by the Government , there is little or no chance of attracting this secondary wave of employment .
but without the initial pump-priming [use] by the government , there is little or no chance of attracting this secondary wave of employment .

The fundamental questions may be shelved for the moment , but they are always there ; it is a matter of foreground and background rather than distinct modes of operation .
the fundamental questions may be shelved for the moment , but they are always there ; it is a matter of foreground and background rather than distinct modes of [use] .

The model assumes that for either the end state or the intermediate state , a scenario is needed — a written description of the envisioned behavior of the operation at some point in time .
the model assumes that for either the end state or the intermediate state , a scenario is needed — a written description of the envisioned behavior of the [use] at some point in time .

This change process enabled the manufacturing entity to effect not only the required reduction in numbers of employees , but also an improvement in operation .
this change process enabled the manufacturing entity to effect not only the required reduction in numbers of employees , but also an improvement in [use] .

Before 1980 , managerial expertise was concentrated in technical areas , the operation of complex chemical and manufacturing processes ; operational management regarded finance and marketing as secondary to their primary functions .
before 1980 , managerial expertise was concentrated in technical areas , the [use] of complex chemical and manufacturing processes ; operational management regarded finance and marketing as secondary to their primary functions .

The profound learning experience which occurred during the early 1980s has established a style of operation and a mutual receptivity to change which Pilkingtons believe will transform the company from a reactive to a proactive organization capable of dealing with market uncertainty .
the profound learning experience which occurred during the early 1980s has established a style of [use] and a mutual receptivity to change which pilkingtons believe will transform the company from a reactive to a proactive organization capable of dealing with market uncertainty .

As computer systems became more reliable and easier for customers to set up and configure for themselves , the traditional final assembly and test operation became redundant .
as computer systems became more reliable and easier for customers to set up and configure for themselves , the traditional final assembly and test [use] became redundant .

This was not an effortless process ; considerable effort went into making the new operation successful .
this was not an effortless process ; considerable effort went into making the new [use] successful .

First , they were able to spend more time looking at the characteristics of the turbulent environment outside the plant and exploring the implications of specific developments for their operation .
first , they were able to spend more time looking at the characteristics of the turbulent environment outside the plant and exploring the implications of specific developments for their [use] .

The process of managing the transition from a conventional manufacturing operation to one based on high-performance system concepts was critical to the success of the approach .
the process of managing the transition from a conventional manufacturing [use] to one based on high-performance system concepts was critical to the success of the approach .

This is to ignore , precisely , the fact that in operation these are always socio-technical solutions .
this is to ignore , precisely , the fact that in [use] these are always socio-technical solutions .

Second , it could be argued that , even if the master manipulators were Jewish or Zionist , their means of operation are much more sophisticated than that imagined in The Protocols .
second , it could be argued that , even if the master manipulators were jewish or zionist , their means of [use] are much more sophisticated than that imagined in the protocols .

Neither precedent nor legislation is sufficient in its own right ; common-law principles may need codifying in a statute , and a statute will need judicial interpretation to determine the scope of its operation .
neither precedent nor legislation is sufficient in its own right ; common-law principles may need codifying in a statute , and a statute will need judicial interpretation to determine the scope of its [use] .

The media coverage available to a large franchise operation is vastly different from that available to a small restaurant or hotel .
the media coverage available to a large franchise [use] is vastly different from that available to a small restaurant or hotel .

Rather as with other areas fundamental to the operation of the unconscious , artefacts may resist conscious articulation and in a sense be embarrassed by language .
rather as with other areas fundamental to the [use] of the unconscious , artefacts may resist conscious articulation and in a sense be embarrassed by language .

Most importantly , they fail to acknowledge the genuine lessons of Marx 's work , as , for example , reflected in Bourdieu 's Outline of a Theory of Practice ( 1977 ) , in which the significance of artefacts is seen to consist in their simultaneous operation in both the material and cognitive worlds , thereby exposing the artificiality of a dichotomous approach .
most importantly , they fail to acknowledge the genuine lessons of marx 's work , as , for example , reflected in bourdieu 's outline of a theory of practice ( 1977 ) , in which the significance of artefacts is seen to consist in their simultaneous [use] in both the material and cognitive worlds , thereby exposing the artificiality of a dichotomous approach .

The division and subdivision of production processes have reached a stage where each operation can be performed with minimal skills .
the division and subdivision of production processes have reached a stage where each [use] can be performed with minimal skills .

This has arisen , it is argued , through the operation of the world market and multinational corporations .
this has arisen , it is argued , through the [use] of the world market and multinational corporations .

But most research agrees about the kinds of processes that were in operation .
but most research agrees about the kinds of processes that were in [use] .

The combination of such characteristics with the operation of local multiplier effects will , it is argued , generate the self-reinforcing growth spiral , further improving the position of the initially advantaged region .
the combination of such characteristics with the [use] of local multiplier effects will , it is argued , generate the self-reinforcing growth spiral , further improving the position of the initially advantaged region .

The theme of accountability is crucial to the operation of both the private and public sectors .
the theme of accountability is crucial to the [use] of both the private and public sectors .

The budget provides the essential link between the important elements of programming and operation .
the budget provides the essential link between the important elements of programming and [use] .

An operation could be said to have increased in efficiency either if fewer inputs were used to produce a given amount of output , or a given level of input resulted in increased output .
an [use] could be said to have increased in efficiency either if fewer inputs were used to produce a given amount of output , or a given level of input resulted in increased output .

The efficiency of an operation should therefore be compared to a predetermined standard or target .
the efficiency of an [use] should therefore be compared to a predetermined standard or target .

The day-to-day operation of the Commission rests with its Controller .
the day-to-day [use] of the commission rests with its controller .

The cataract operation is the world 's third or fourth most common surgical procedure .
the cataract [use] is the world 's third or fourth most common surgical procedure .

Eye surgeons had learned to cut the ligament with complete success , but it was so different a procedure from the rest of the operation and so incompatible with it that they often dreaded it .
eye surgeons had learned to cut the ligament with complete success , but it was so different a procedure from the rest of the [use] and so incompatible with it that they often dreaded it .

However , the physical separation , differences in jargon , and differences in mode of operation present yet a third communication gap .
however , the physical separation , differences in jargon , and differences in mode of [use] present yet a third communication gap .

For a routine operation in which everybody knows what they are doing high involvement and high intensity are less critical .
for a routine [use] in which everybody knows what they are doing high involvement and high intensity are less critical .

The dual tasks of supervising committee operation and pruning committees and other such relationships back when they are no longer necessary are real management costs in strong culture firms .
the dual tasks of supervising committee [use] and pruning committees and other such relationships back when they are no longer necessary are real management costs in strong culture firms .

From its first operation in the 1920s , the computer only reached commercial feasibility and success in 1964 .
from its first [use] in the 1920s , the computer only reached commercial feasibility and success in 1964 .

The main method of obtaining rights was through inheritance , but the operation of inheritance systems varied : in Polynesia and mainland New Guinea it was predominantly patrilineal ; in Micronesia it was predominantly matrilineal ; and in Melanesia outside New Guinea there were both matrilineal and patrilineal systems , as well as others that were either ambilineal or bilineal .
the main method of obtaining rights was through inheritance , but the [use] of inheritance systems varied : in polynesia and mainland new guinea it was predominantly patrilineal ; in micronesia it was predominantly matrilineal ; and in melanesia outside new guinea there were both matrilineal and patrilineal systems , as well as others that were either ambilineal or bilineal .

But within capitalism there are many variations — at all spatial scales — in the detailed arrangements for its operation .
but within capitalism there are many variations — at all spatial scales — in the detailed arrangements for its [use] .

The geography of family types is incoherent , he claims , reflecting the operation of no factors other than chance and what we term here structuration .
the geography of family types is incoherent , he claims , reflecting the [use] of no factors other than chance and what we term here structuration .

Using factor analysis of data for twenty-one liberal democracies ( with two data sets for France , representing the Fourth and Fifth Republics ) , Lijphart identified three groups on each dimension , giving nine in all : there was at least one liberal democracy in each of the cells ( figure 3.7 ) , indicating the very substantial differences between countries in their detailed operation of this basic political system .
using factor analysis of data for twenty-one liberal democracies ( with two data sets for france , representing the fourth and fifth republics ) , lijphart identified three groups on each dimension , giving nine in all : there was at least one liberal democracy in each of the cells ( figure 3.7 ) , indicating the very substantial differences between countries in their detailed [use] of this basic political system .

The miners were eventually forced back to work — some might claim they were virtually ‘ starved back ’ by the operation of the social security benefit rules — because there was no apparent chance of success .
the miners were eventually forced back to work — some might claim they were virtually ‘ starved back ’ by the [use] of the social security benefit rules — because there was no apparent chance of success .

The miners and their families were themselves implicated in the creation of their coalfield culture , through the operation of hegemonic processes by which relations of domination and subdomination came to imbue the entire lived experience — the social practices , relationships , expectations , and dominant values .
the miners and their families were themselves implicated in the creation of their coalfield culture , through the [use] of hegemonic processes by which relations of domination and subdomination came to imbue the entire lived experience — the social practices , relationships , expectations , and dominant values .

The latter has been the chosen course , with the Federal government establishing welfare programmes , and guidelines for their operation , whereby part ( if not all ) of the costs of programme implementation are met from Federal money , and allocated to the State governments to be used for the defined purposes .
the latter has been the chosen course , with the federal government establishing welfare programmes , and guidelines for their [use] , whereby part ( if not all ) of the costs of programme implementation are met from federal money , and allocated to the state governments to be used for the defined purposes .

He will also regularly look over pollution control installations in his district to ensure their satisfactory operation and maintenance .
he will also regularly look over pollution control installations in his district to ensure their satisfactory [use] and maintenance .

It is this last operation which is performed by the human observer , using only the equipment he was born with .
it is this last [use] which is performed by the human observer , using only the equipment he was born with .

In this section the operation of ambiguity tests will be illustrated by applying them to a selection of difficult cases .
in this section the [use] of ambiguity tests will be illustrated by applying them to a selection of difficult cases .

He moved to the side where he could watch the operation .
he moved to the side where he could watch the [use] .

The timetabling operation , a routine review of the curriculum in secondary schools , does not usually question the weighting and nature of subjects offered , or the pupil grouping .
the timetabling [use] , a routine review of the curriculum in secondary schools , does not usually question the weighting and nature of subjects offered , or the pupil grouping .

Even where open fields remained , the methods of operation were radically changed to accommodate these new techniques , but the advantages of convertible husbandry were clearly greatest for those farmers with enclosed fields .
even where open fields remained , the methods of [use] were radically changed to accommodate these new techniques , but the advantages of convertible husbandry were clearly greatest for those farmers with enclosed fields .

In fact , there was considerable debate in official circles during the time of both the Labour administration of 1945–51 and the subsequent Conservative administration about the consequences of black immigration on the ‘ racial character ’ of the British , and several covert and sometimes illegal administrative measures were put into operation to discourage black immigration ( Carter , Harris and Joshi , 1987 ) .
in fact , there was considerable debate in official circles during the time of both the labour administration of 1945–51 and the subsequent conservative administration about the consequences of black immigration on the ‘ racial character ’ of the british , and several covert and sometimes illegal administrative measures were put into [use] to discourage black immigration ( carter , harris and joshi , 1987 ) .

This common-sense image implies a linear model which sees these burdens as cumulative in operation and effect , although also overlain with images of the strong black woman , the single mother , holding the family together in the face of irresponsible black males , whether they be husbands or disruptive youth .
this common-sense image implies a linear model which sees these burdens as cumulative in [use] and effect , although also overlain with images of the strong black woman , the single mother , holding the family together in the face of irresponsible black males , whether they be husbands or disruptive youth .

Research into the complexities of urban power relations and conflicts over resources have produced important insights into the operation of complex rhetorics and categories of racialization ( Well man , 1977 ; Phizacklea and Miles , 1980 ) .
research into the complexities of urban power relations and conflicts over resources have produced important insights into the [use] of complex rhetorics and categories of racialization ( well man , 1977 ; phizacklea and miles , 1980 ) .

They will have to take account of contradiction and ambivalence in the operation of racism , avoid cultural and ethnic essentialisms and reductionism , grapple with the limitations of rationalist pedagogies and rationalist assumptions about the translation of formal policies into practices , and engage with the ‘ new ethnicities ’ and other differentiations .
they will have to take account of contradiction and ambivalence in the [use] of racism , avoid cultural and ethnic essentialisms and reductionism , grapple with the limitations of rationalist pedagogies and rationalist assumptions about the translation of formal policies into practices , and engage with the ‘ new ethnicities ’ and other differentiations .

The argument could far more plausibly be turned on its head : the ‘ latent function ’ of the operation of unofficial suspect categories may be to make the administration of ( in ) justice more efficient and ‘ rational ’ , which in turn institutionalizes these practices and gives them the status of ‘ due legal process ’ .
the argument could far more plausibly be turned on its head : the ‘ latent function ’ of the [use] of unofficial suspect categories may be to make the administration of ( in ) justice more efficient and ‘ rational ’ , which in turn institutionalizes these practices and gives them the status of ‘ due legal process ’ .

The dangerous feature of these unions `` , wrote one such shipowner , `` is that they really are benevolent societies and as such will necessarily accumulate funds , giving their members a contingent interest in those funds and therefore if a man should wish to retire from them as combinations , he is held by interest in them and consequently they must always be in operation `` .
the dangerous feature of these unions `` , wrote one such shipowner , `` is that they really are benevolent societies and as such will necessarily accumulate funds , giving their members a contingent interest in those funds and therefore if a man should wish to retire from them as combinations , he is held by interest in them and consequently they must always be in [use] `` .

In the climate of violence generated by the Federation neither his union , nor any other established with a similar purpose , seems to have remained in operation for more than two or three years .
in the climate of violence generated by the federation neither his union , nor any other established with a similar purpose , seems to have remained in [use] for more than two or three years .

As a consequence , although a company might have more or less orders at any one time , it is less likely to be without any orders than the one-man operation which can contract to only one customer at any one time .
as a consequence , although a company might have more or less orders at any one time , it is less likely to be without any orders than the one-man [use] which can contract to only one customer at any one time .

The highest level of system operation thus takes place , not at the normal detailed entity level , but at a level where only functioning spaces are considered .
the highest level of system [use] thus takes place , not at the normal detailed entity level , but at a level where only functioning spaces are considered .

Movement of the gear-lever without the appropriate functional operation of the gearbox is an unsuccessful design .
movement of the gear-lever without the appropriate functional [use] of the gearbox is an unsuccessful design .

Also , the attribute denoted as exists in both sets assigned to the lever and passenger compartment , and may be used to detail the conic space and internal `` track `` declared to be acceptable for manual operation of the gear lever .
also , the attribute denoted as exists in both sets assigned to the lever and passenger compartment , and may be used to detail the conic space and internal `` track `` declared to be acceptable for manual [use] of the gear lever .

Such an approach rightly requires the design of a component to be conducted with due consideration to its functional operation , both at an elemental and global level .
such an approach rightly requires the design of a component to be conducted with due consideration to its functional [use] , both at an elemental and global level .

The same basic processes can be applied throughout , with the final level of operation chosen automatically by the bounding requirements of the specified investigation .
the same basic processes can be applied throughout , with the final level of [use] chosen automatically by the bounding requirements of the specified investigation .

The software configuration must therefore include an additional level of operation over the current systems .
the software configuration must therefore include an additional level of [use] over the current systems .

Hence , by performing the joint operation on a number of inserted assemblies the whole machine contents can be recalled .
hence , by performing the joint [use] on a number of inserted assemblies the whole machine contents can be recalled .

Techniques have now been developed ( see Chapter 7 ) and , by employing the interference detection techniques discussed earlier , they can be used to help detect clash of a moving mechanism during operation .
techniques have now been developed ( see chapter 7 ) and , by employing the interference detection techniques discussed earlier , they can be used to help detect clash of a moving mechanism during [use] .

In a similar operation the cap was extracted and detailed .
in a similar [use] the cap was extracted and detailed .

Proposed Method of Operation
proposed method of [use]

Slop , arising from the assembly of components in their minimum metal condition or due to an estimated wear pattern , can be included to produce positional uncertainty in the mechanism , which can then be compared to the positional requirements necessary for correct operation .
slop , arising from the assembly of components in their minimum metal condition or due to an estimated wear pattern , can be included to produce positional uncertainty in the mechanism , which can then be compared to the positional requirements necessary for correct [use] .

The operation of the kinematics package can be illustrated by reference to the analysis of an existing mechanism train .
the [use] of the kinematics package can be illustrated by reference to the analysis of an existing mechanism train .

It took weeks of winning his trust before he finally let us film his operation .
it took weeks of winning his trust before he finally let us film his [use] .

Provided the reader knows the system in operation in the library in which he is working , he can trace all the publications he requires through an intelligent use of the catalogues .
provided the reader knows the system in [use] in the library in which he is working , he can trace all the publications he requires through an intelligent use of the catalogues .

… Of course an operation like this has an extensive back-up requirement .
… of course an [use] like this has an extensive back-up requirement .

The request is made so that each question can be marked throughout the whole pile of scripts in one operation , before the next question is examined .
the request is made so that each question can be marked throughout the whole pile of scripts in one [use] , before the next question is examined .

each box is labelled with the operation it does .
each box is labelled with the [use] it does .

In the last exercise you learnt that to remove a number from one side of an equation you simply had to do the opposite or reverse operation to both sides .
in the last exercise you learnt that to remove a number from one side of an equation you simply had to do the opposite or reverse [use] to both sides .

Note : As in Example 1 and 2 above , we have used the reverse operation here to remove the number 4 by dividing by 4 .
note : as in example 1 and 2 above , we have used the reverse [use] here to remove the number 4 by dividing by 4 .

Every hour after the operation , a nurse took his temperature and plotted it on a progress ' graph .
every hour after the [use] , a nurse took his temperature and plotted it on a progress ' graph .

This made it easy for the doctor to see at a glance how Vincent 's temperature had changed up or down , since the operation without studying a long list of figures . ``
this made it easy for the doctor to see at a glance how vincent 's temperature had changed up or down , since the [use] without studying a long list of figures . ``

Certainly the phrases `` the Bleiburg Massacre `` and `` the Bleiburg Tragedy `` have long been in currency , and have been used by historians sympathetic to the Croats such as Prcela and Guldescu in Operation slaughterhouse : Eyewitness Accounts of Post-war Massacres in Yugoslavia ( Dorrance , 1970 ) .
certainly the phrases `` the bleiburg massacre `` and `` the bleiburg tragedy `` have long been in currency , and have been used by historians sympathetic to the croats such as prcela and guldescu in [use] slaughterhouse : eyewitness accounts of post-war massacres in yugoslavia ( dorrance , 1970 ) .

In general , the overwhelming impression given by the 21 May Definition Order is that was intended , for operational purposes , to lay down certain very general but firm guidelines , to ensure that a difficult operation should proceed with as little complication as possible .
in general , the overwhelming impression given by the 21 may definition order is that was intended , for operational purposes , to lay down certain very general but firm guidelines , to ensure that a difficult [use] should proceed with as little complication as possible .

Although the Yugoslavs had so far had no indication that they were being taken to anywhere but another camp , probably in Italy , and therefore McCreery would have observed an operation apparently going smoothly , we think it unlikely that Verney , Rose-Price and others who disliked the fact that Yugoslavs were being repatriated under a misapprehension as to their destination would have failed to ensure that the Army Commander was given a true picture .
although the yugoslavs had so far had no indication that they were being taken to anywhere but another camp , probably in italy , and therefore mccreery would have observed an [use] apparently going smoothly , we think it unlikely that verney , rose-price and others who disliked the fact that yugoslavs were being repatriated under a misapprehension as to their destination would have failed to ensure that the army commander was given a true picture .

an indication of the nature of business of principal subsidiaries ) country of operation .
an indication of the nature of business of principal subsidiaries ) country of [use] .

For all subsidiary undertakings listed above , the country of operation is the same as its country of incorporation or registration .
for all subsidiary undertakings listed above , the country of [use] is the same as its country of incorporation or registration .

It also sold the existing warehouse at Acton which has been under-used since the main London warehouse has come into operation .
it also sold the existing warehouse at acton which has been under-used since the main london warehouse has come into [use] .

It was suggested that they were able to switch to using a more `` holistic `` processing mode which is the preferred mode of operation of the right hemisphere .
it was suggested that they were able to switch to using a more `` holistic `` processing mode which is the preferred mode of [use] of the right hemisphere .

The first reported case ( Zollinger , 1935 ) was of a woman who could answer `` alright `` in response to questions immediately after the operation but otherwise could say little more than yes , no , goodbye `` , `` please `` and a few other words .
the first reported case ( zollinger , 1935 ) was of a woman who could answer `` alright `` in response to questions immediately after the [use] but otherwise could say little more than yes , no , goodbye `` , `` please `` and a few other words .

Hillier ( 1954 ) describes the case of a young boy who underwent total left hemispherectomy at the age of 14 years , following an operation less than one year earlier for removal of a tumour from the left parietal lobe .
hillier ( 1954 ) describes the case of a young boy who underwent total left hemispherectomy at the age of 14 years , following an [use] less than one year earlier for removal of a tumour from the left parietal lobe .

The first operation left him with a `` mixed `` aphasia but this cleared before a reappearance of his symptoms , including `` very severe aphasia `` , led to the hemispherectomy .
the first [use] left him with a `` mixed `` aphasia but this cleared before a reappearance of his symptoms , including `` very severe aphasia `` , led to the hemispherectomy .

The patient was said to be unable to speak after this operation but by the sixteenth day he was able to use words like `` mother `` , `` father `` and `` nurse `` .
the patient was said to be unable to speak after this [use] but by the sixteenth day he was able to use words like `` mother `` , `` father `` and `` nurse `` .

The operation of the control room equipment requires a degree of skill and understanding and therefore some specialised training is needed for anyone who is expected to use even a very simple two-camera set-up .
the [use] of the control room equipment requires a degree of skill and understanding and therefore some specialised training is needed for anyone who is expected to use even a very simple two-camera set-up .

More complex production requires skilled camera operation and skilled editing .
more complex production requires skilled camera [use] and skilled editing .

operation not difficult to learn
[use] not difficult to learn

one person operation
one person [use]

Institutions which do produce more complex programmes as a regular feature of their work need to have someone in charge of the operation to ensure that proper planning is done .
institutions which do produce more complex programmes as a regular feature of their work need to have someone in charge of the [use] to ensure that proper planning is done .

Some videocassette machines have a switch marked `` programmed operation `` or `` programme memory `` .
some videocassette machines have a switch marked `` programmed [use] `` or `` programme memory `` .

In non-ELT materials you can look for situations which are likely to feature highly predictable language : scenes set in restaurants or shops , at parties , the reception desk or the dining table can sometimes be picked out of a longer programme and used in isolation to give an example of particular language functions in operation .
in non-elt materials you can look for situations which are likely to feature highly predictable language : scenes set in restaurants or shops , at parties , the reception desk or the dining table can sometimes be picked out of a longer programme and used in isolation to give an example of particular language functions in [use] .

This type of recording requires considerably more sophistication in equipment , operation of the equipment and , above all , in the production skills of planning to meet educational objectives through an effective use of the medium .
this type of recording requires considerably more sophistication in equipment , [use] of the equipment and , above all , in the production skills of planning to meet educational objectives through an effective use of the medium .

`` In hospital , having a hernia operation .
`` in hospital , having a hernia [use] .

While the government was to some extent successful in thereby isolating its opponents from their comrades in European Russia and elsewhere , the ‘ democratrization ’ of the political exile operation only served to disseminate the seeds and agents of revolutionary change in greater numbers and into the remotest corners of the empire .
while the government was to some extent successful in thereby isolating its opponents from their comrades in european russia and elsewhere , the ‘ democratrization ’ of the political exile [use] only served to disseminate the seeds and agents of revolutionary change in greater numbers and into the remotest corners of the empire .

Only if other scientists are able to obtain the same results using similar methods of operation , will a result be taken seriously and treated to further tests .
only if other scientists are able to obtain the same results using similar methods of [use] , will a result be taken seriously and treated to further tests .

Science seeks to discover the operation of general laws which , by their nature , always manifest themselves in certain situations .
science seeks to discover the [use] of general laws which , by their nature , always manifest themselves in certain situations .

What is important to stress , however , is that the operation of a professional system of norms is a pre-requisite to identifying and examining the tacit assumptions which must already guide the investigation of crime .
what is important to stress , however , is that the [use] of a professional system of norms is a pre-requisite to identifying and examining the tacit assumptions which must already guide the investigation of crime .

Many sociologists maintain that shared norms and values are essential for the operation of human society .
many sociologists maintain that shared norms and values are essential for the [use] of human society .

When functionalists attempt to explain systems of social stratification , they set their explanations in the framework of larger theories which seek to explain the operation of society as a whole .
when functionalists attempt to explain systems of social stratification , they set their explanations in the framework of larger theories which seek to explain the [use] of society as a whole .

Functionalists maintain that a certain degree of order and stability is essential for the operation of social systems .
functionalists maintain that a certain degree of order and stability is essential for the [use] of social systems .

Moreover , it is unlikely to be in such a position until it has come to grips with the broader contradictions underlying its current operation — its devotion to the Common Agricultural Policy on the one hand and its ambition to recruit the states of Central Europe as members on the other .
moreover , it is unlikely to be in such a position until it has come to grips with the broader contradictions underlying its current [use] — its devotion to the common agricultural policy on the one hand and its ambition to recruit the states of central europe as members on the other .

Another scientist might have proposed a modification in the optical theory governing the operation of the telescopes used in the investigation .
another scientist might have proposed a modification in the optical theory governing the [use] of the telescopes used in the investigation .

Miltiades ' last operation ( in 489 ) against the island of Paros , in the Cyclades , can be seen as an attempt to move on to the offensive against Persia after the defensive stand at Marathon .
miltiades ' last [use] ( in 489 ) against the island of paros , in the cyclades , can be seen as an attempt to move on to the offensive against persia after the defensive stand at marathon .

But the same year , 465 , saw the biter bit : instead of forcing Athens to abandon an overseas operation to deal with a problem nearer home , that is , a Spartan army menacing the Attic border , Sparta was herself forced to welch on the Thasos offer , because she had to deal with a revolt of the helots at Ithome in Messenia .
but the same year , 465 , saw the biter bit : instead of forcing athens to abandon an overseas [use] to deal with a problem nearer home , that is , a spartan army menacing the attic border , sparta was herself forced to welch on the thasos offer , because she had to deal with a revolt of the helots at ithome in messenia .

Somehow , then , the operation of the lot could be evaded .
somehow , then , the [use] of the lot could be evaded .

The Countryside Commission , which replaced the National Parks Commission in 1968 , established the National Parks Policies Review Committee to examine the policies in operation , and their 1977 Sandford Report stated the aims of national park policies as being the preservation and enhancement of natural beauty , and the provision of access and facilities for enjoyment by the public .
the countryside commission , which replaced the national parks commission in 1968 , established the national parks policies review committee to examine the policies in [use] , and their 1977 sandford report stated the aims of national park policies as being the preservation and enhancement of natural beauty , and the provision of access and facilities for enjoyment by the public .

Networks operating on this principle perform an operation that is likely to be extremely important for the neocortex , and it was actually the search for a mechanism that would do this that led us to the suggested modification rule : the modifiable interconnections tend to make the representative elements become uncorrelated , and thus to signal independently of each other .
networks operating on this principle perform an [use] that is likely to be extremely important for the neocortex , and it was actually the search for a mechanism that would do this that led us to the suggested modification rule : the modifiable interconnections tend to make the representative elements become uncorrelated , and thus to signal independently of each other .

The argument is that while elements of culture are not directly , eternally or exclusively tied to specific economically determined factors such as class position , they are determined in the final instance by such factors , through the operation of articulating principles which are tied to class position .
the argument is that while elements of culture are not directly , eternally or exclusively tied to specific economically determined factors such as class position , they are determined in the final instance by such factors , through the [use] of articulating principles which are tied to class position .

( This is no more than to say that , within the operation of articulation processes , production and consumption are inextricably tied together . )
( this is no more than to say that , within the [use] of articulation processes , production and consumption are inextricably tied together . )

‘ Milk cow Blues Boogie ’ ( 1955 ) is perhaps the best example since the techniques are so well integrated , though Elvis 's treatment of the song is at such a quick tempo that the operation of the techniques themselves is less clear than in ‘ Heartbreak Hotel ’ .
‘ milk cow blues boogie ’ ( 1955 ) is perhaps the best example since the techniques are so well integrated , though elvis 's treatment of the song is at such a quick tempo that the [use] of the techniques themselves is less clear than in ‘ heartbreak hotel ’ .

And the technical qualities of the mass media play a crucial role in this , becoming ‘ an independent constituent … of the total operation of musical production ’ ( ibid : 236 ) as well as guaranteeing
and the technical qualities of the mass media play a crucial role in this , becoming ‘ an independent constituent … of the total [use] of musical production ’ ( ibid : 236 ) as well as guaranteeing

How can its innately progressive potentials be contained in a form which has been developed through the operation of the market , and which , in Cutler 's argument , represents a culture completely external to its users , completely hegemonic ( not resistible in present circumstances ) , and having ‘ no need of artistic value … [ having ] become , effectively , an instrument of class oppression ’ ( Cutler 1984 : 291 ) .
how can its innately progressive potentials be contained in a form which has been developed through the [use] of the market , and which , in cutler 's argument , represents a culture completely external to its users , completely hegemonic ( not resistible in present circumstances ) , and having ‘ no need of artistic value … [ having ] become , effectively , an instrument of class oppression ’ ( cutler 1984 : 291 ) .

Changes to this ratio are most effectively induced by the operation of media , which McLuhan defines as extensions to the senses .
changes to this ratio are most effectively induced by the [use] of media , which mcluhan defines as extensions to the senses .

If one is to present a credible case for investment planning as a progressive development one has to consider the problems raised by the choice of criteria of operation for a national investment bank .
if one is to present a credible case for investment planning as a progressive development one has to consider the problems raised by the choice of criteria of [use] for a national investment bank .

If a given investment project within the domain of operation of capitalist enterprises were considered desirable as part of an investment plan ( to satisfy a definite ‘ social need ’ , to gain export revenue , to develop a ‘ growth industry ’ , to preserve employment ) and yet the capitalist enterprises concerned were unwilling to invest then the investment planning authorities would have two broad options : either nationalise the enterprises and force them to invest on criteria other than those of profitability , or ‘ distort ’ the market to render the project sufficiently profitable to appeal to the enterprises .
if a given investment project within the domain of [use] of capitalist enterprises were considered desirable as part of an investment plan ( to satisfy a definite ‘ social need ’ , to gain export revenue , to develop a ‘ growth industry ’ , to preserve employment ) and yet the capitalist enterprises concerned were unwilling to invest then the investment planning authorities would have two broad options : either nationalise the enterprises and force them to invest on criteria other than those of profitability , or ‘ distort ’ the market to render the project sufficiently profitable to appeal to the enterprises .

Despite this qualification , however , Tomlinson is prepared to argue that ‘ smallness of operation in production and distribution is something socialists should generally favour ’ ( ibid . )
despite this qualification , however , tomlinson is prepared to argue that ‘ smallness of [use] in production and distribution is something socialists should generally favour ’ ( ibid . )

The main point here is that not only did the Labour leaders reject the left 's version of the social contract with its new emphasis on a radical industrial policy , but also they increasingly came to question even the Crosland/Fabian/ ‘ Keynesian ’ version of socialism , so that their politics in the latter half of the 1970s became more and more of a mere holding operation — mere ‘ government ’ lacking any social purpose with a broad popular appeal .
the main point here is that not only did the labour leaders reject the left 's version of the social contract with its new emphasis on a radical industrial policy , but also they increasingly came to question even the crosland/fabian/ ‘ keynesian ’ version of socialism , so that their politics in the latter half of the 1970s became more and more of a mere holding [use] — mere ‘ government ’ lacking any social purpose with a broad popular appeal .

The only this group could admit were reforms that benefited its members : the sale of the common lands and the entailed estates of the Church , an operation that they could dominate and from which they could draw profit .
the only this group could admit were reforms that benefited its members : the sale of the common lands and the entailed estates of the church , an [use] that they could dominate and from which they could draw profit .

The Spanish victory of Bailén ( July 1808 ) was the inevitable consequence of Napoleon 's belief that the conquest of Spain was a police operation that could be entrusted to inferior troops .
the spanish victory of bailén ( july 1808 ) was the inevitable consequence of napoleon 's belief that the conquest of spain was a police [use] that could be entrusted to inferior troops .

It was this continuous resistance , feeble though it often was , which broke Napoleon 's doctrine of maximum concentration in the attempt to solve the contradictory demands of operation and occupation in a hostile countryside .
it was this continuous resistance , feeble though it often was , which broke napoleon 's doctrine of maximum concentration in the attempt to solve the contradictory demands of [use] and occupation in a hostile countryside .

When that will was vitiated either by the monarch 's evil counsellors or , as the later theoreticians of military indiscipline were to maintain , by the corrupt operation of Parliamentary institutions run by a clique of national ’ politicians , then it could be salvaged by the heroic gesture of a general or the conspiracy of an officers ' mess .
when that will was vitiated either by the monarch 's evil counsellors or , as the later theoreticians of military indiscipline were to maintain , by the corrupt [use] of parliamentary institutions run by a clique of national ’ politicians , then it could be salvaged by the heroic gesture of a general or the conspiracy of an officers ' mess .

Whilst that order was in operation he was transferred to the secure unit near Bristol .
whilst that order was in [use] he was transferred to the secure unit near bristol .

Whilst that order was in operation the Children Act 1989 came into force and on 4 December 1991 the local authority made application under section 25 of the Children Act 1989 for a secure accommodation order .
whilst that order was in [use] the children act 1989 came into force and on 4 december 1991 the local authority made application under section 25 of the children act 1989 for a secure accommodation order .

When the Secretary of State has laid the draft of a code before Parliament , he may bring the code into operation by order made by statutory instrument .
when the secretary of state has laid the draft of a code before parliament , he may bring the code into [use] by order made by statutory instrument .

In 1986 , he destroyed at a single stroke the stranglehold of the unions over the British newspaper industry by removing his operation overnight to non-union Wapping .
in 1986 , he destroyed at a single stroke the stranglehold of the unions over the british newspaper industry by removing his [use] overnight to non-union wapping .

As we saw in the section on deterrence , all the evidence is that the penal system is engaging in a massive overkill operation — which amounts to a massive infringement of the human rights of those it punishes excessively .
as we saw in the section on deterrence , all the evidence is that the penal system is engaging in a massive overkill [use] — which amounts to a massive infringement of the human rights of those it punishes excessively .

Above all , Thompson insists that history is made , not by the inevitable operation of impersonal structures , but by the actions of real human beings .
above all , thompson insists that history is made , not by the inevitable [use] of impersonal structures , but by the actions of real human beings .

Durkheim saw the centrality of the prison as largely brought about by the operation of the first part of his first law : prison was a milder penalty than capital and corporal punishments and so became adopted as collective sentiments became more sympathetic to the criminal 's suffering .
durkheim saw the centrality of the prison as largely brought about by the [use] of the first part of his first law : prison was a milder penalty than capital and corporal punishments and so became adopted as collective sentiments became more sympathetic to the criminal 's suffering .

The trend towards greater leniency for most offenders can be explained by the operation of the first part of Durkheim 's first law , which postulates increasing leniency as collective sentiments become more secular .
the trend towards greater leniency for most offenders can be explained by the [use] of the first part of durkheim 's first law , which postulates increasing leniency as collective sentiments become more secular .

One is the number of people committed to prison in any one year ( referred to as the rate of imprisonment or number of prison receptions ) ; the second is the length of sentence actually imposed by the courts ; and the third ( over which the courts have no direct control ) is the operation of the various forms of executive release , such as parole ( and , formerly , remission ) , which we will be looking at in Chapter 6 .
one is the number of people committed to prison in any one year ( referred to as the rate of imprisonment or number of prison receptions ) ; the second is the length of sentence actually imposed by the courts ; and the third ( over which the courts have no direct control ) is the [use] of the various forms of executive release , such as parole ( and , formerly , remission ) , which we will be looking at in chapter 6 .

Arthur liked her very much , and when he heard from Fred that she was going into hospital overnight to have a minor operation he packed her room with flowers and clownish notes .
arthur liked her very much , and when he heard from fred that she was going into hospital overnight to have a minor [use] he packed her room with flowers and clownish notes .

‘ It was n't an operation .
‘ it was n't an [use] .

How can you call it an operation ?
how can you call it an [use] ?

One of the Germans , wearing a surprising black-and-white checked cloth cap , made an operation out of buying coffee through the window , and held up the train while he got a missing straw .
one of the germans , wearing a surprising black-and-white checked cloth cap , made an [use] out of buying coffee through the window , and held up the train while he got a missing straw .

The operation had several effects .
the [use] had several effects .

On her fortieth birthday , in 1943 , she was taken to hospital for a cancer operation and no one expected her to live .
on her fortieth birthday , in 1943 , she was taken to hospital for a cancer [use] and no one expected her to live .

‘ It slows the autonomic nervous system to the barest limit of operation , but does n't affect the higher brain functions .
‘ it slows the autonomic nervous system to the barest limit of [use] , but does n't affect the higher brain functions .

There , Mortimer conducted a briefing for some fifty of his men , who had volunteered to go on that night 's operation .
there , mortimer conducted a briefing for some fifty of his men , who had volunteered to go on that night 's [use] .

When Mortimer had assigned everyone positions for the operation — Ace , Benny and Petion to remain with him — he checked his watch .
when mortimer had assigned everyone positions for the [use] — ace , benny and petion to remain with him — he checked his watch .

‘ — typical of civilian operation — ‘
‘ — typical of civilian [use] — ‘

The men were clumsy in heavy insulation suits and the technical officer waited impatiently until the operation had been completed .
the men were clumsy in heavy insulation suits and the technical officer waited impatiently until the [use] had been completed .

Ship interiors were specially insulated to combat the problem and an operation similar to degaussing was carried out prior to docking with other vessels .
ship interiors were specially insulated to combat the problem and an [use] similar to degaussing was carried out prior to docking with other vessels .

An escape pod battery was similar to a quick-firing cannon , and operation of the inner lock was sufficient to commence the loading sequence .
an escape pod battery was similar to a quick-firing cannon , and [use] of the inner lock was sufficient to commence the loading sequence .

But he had left the running of the operation to Müller .
but he had left the running of the [use] to müller .

She 'd exceeded her brief with Adolph Brückner and the operation through the clinic would have to be closed down .
she 'd exceeded her brief with adolph brückner and the [use] through the clinic would have to be closed down .

Only Irina knew that he was responsible for the collapse of Moscow Centre 's operation at the clinic .
only irina knew that he was responsible for the collapse of moscow centre 's [use] at the clinic .

Why had Brückner died , putting the clandestine operation at the Amtel clinic at risk ?
why had brückner died , putting the clandestine [use] at the amtel clinic at risk ?

That part of his operation was dosing down .
that part of his [use] was dosing down .

Martha had been far from well for some time and was in need of another operation .
martha had been far from well for some time and was in need of another [use] .

In response , First Edition project director Mark Hodder-Williams said that First Edition had been in operation for nine months , and had successfully provided users with an efficient , fast computer-to-computer service for exchanging a wide range of commercial documents .
in response , first edition project director mark hodder-williams said that first edition had been in [use] for nine months , and had successfully provided users with an efficient , fast computer-to-computer service for exchanging a wide range of commercial documents .

By the Nuclear Installations Act 1965 no person other than the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority shall use any site for the operation of nuclear plant unless a licence to do so has been granted in respect of that site by the Minister of Power .
by the nuclear installations act 1965 no person other than the united kingdom atomic energy authority shall use any site for the [use] of nuclear plant unless a licence to do so has been granted in respect of that site by the minister of power .

The defendants were members of the Musicians ' Union , a union with many coloured members , and they gave notice to the plaintiffs that members of the union would not be permitted to play at the ballroom so long as the colour bar was in operation .
the defendants were members of the musicians ' union , a union with many coloured members , and they gave notice to the plaintiffs that members of the union would not be permitted to play at the ballroom so long as the colour bar was in [use] .

Broadly , the compromise reached was extended but not unlimited insurance benefits , the operation of strict and quite unrealistic tests to ensure that people were ‘ genuinely seeking work ’ , the use of additional means-tested benefits known then as ‘ doles ’ , and acceptance that the poor law authorities would give extensive ‘ outdoor ’ relief to the unemployed .
broadly , the compromise reached was extended but not unlimited insurance benefits , the [use] of strict and quite unrealistic tests to ensure that people were ‘ genuinely seeking work ’ , the use of additional means-tested benefits known then as ‘ doles ’ , and acceptance that the poor law authorities would give extensive ‘ outdoor ’ relief to the unemployed .

Discontent over the operation of the new service was one of the factors that led the Labour government to set up a Royal Commission on the National Health Service in 1976 .
discontent over the [use] of the new service was one of the factors that led the labour government to set up a royal commission on the national health service in 1976 .

It is presumed that staff concerned with training and with the operation of special work creation schemes will remain with the Manpower Services Commission .
it is presumed that staff concerned with training and with the [use] of special work creation schemes will remain with the manpower services commission .

In particular , the operation of the Social Fund — a benefit offered as a loan — often calls for social workers to provide support for a particular case , given the limited budget of the fund and the rationing that must be applied as a result .
in particular , the [use] of the social fund — a benefit offered as a loan — often calls for social workers to provide support for a particular case , given the limited budget of the fund and the rationing that must be applied as a result .

Attempts to provide a similar scheme related to earnings , but as part of state provision , resulted in the 1975 Social Security Pension Act 1975 , which came into operation in 1978 .
attempts to provide a similar scheme related to earnings , but as part of state provision , resulted in the 1975 social security pension act 1975 , which came into [use] in 1978 .

With the changes in housing association operation as a result of the 1988 Housing Act , it seems unlikely that these organizations , in the past an important supplier of accommodation for older people , will be able dramatically to increase their share of provision .
with the changes in housing association [use] as a result of the 1988 housing act , it seems unlikely that these organizations , in the past an important supplier of accommodation for older people , will be able dramatically to increase their share of provision .

Despite enthusiasm for the 1959 Act , criticism of its operation developed , particularly during the 1970s .
despite enthusiasm for the 1959 act , criticism of its [use] developed , particularly during the 1970s .

It remains to be seen whether the traditional liberties in Britain , including a degree of local autonomy , can be rescued from arbitrary destruction in the name of the economic ideology of monetarism and the operation of the free market .
it remains to be seen whether the traditional liberties in britain , including a degree of local autonomy , can be rescued from arbitrary destruction in the name of the economic ideology of monetarism and the [use] of the free market .

After the affidavits one of Kesselring 's subordinates , a man named Krumhaar , was cross-examined about an operation in which he had had twelve men from the village of Burgo Techino shot because two of his men had been severely wounded by ‘ terrorists ’ during a parade through the town .
after the affidavits one of kesselring 's subordinates , a man named krumhaar , was cross-examined about an [use] in which he had had twelve men from the village of burgo techino shot because two of his men had been severely wounded by ‘ terrorists ’ during a parade through the town .

‘ That scale of operation does make Anthony 's black marketing seem quite trivial , does n't it ? ’ said Julia as they watched the jeep disappearing in a cloud of dust .
‘ that scale of [use] does make anthony 's black marketing seem quite trivial , does n't it ? ’ said julia as they watched the jeep disappearing in a cloud of dust .

Of course , the contacts he 's made the circles he moves in — would make it possible to fund his own operation .
of course , the contacts he 's made the circles he moves in — would make it possible to fund his own [use] .

Snell and Millar ( 1987 ) have estimated that about 30 per cent of all families receiving parish relief under the old Poor Law ( prior to 1834 ) were lone mothers ; and Thane ( 1978 ) has pointed out that , throughout the period of the operation of the new Poor Law , women ( often widows or deserted or separated mothers ) made up the majority of adult recipients of relief .
snell and millar ( 1987 ) have estimated that about 30 per cent of all families receiving parish relief under the old poor law ( prior to 1834 ) were lone mothers ; and thane ( 1978 ) has pointed out that , throughout the period of the [use] of the new poor law , women ( often widows or deserted or separated mothers ) made up the majority of adult recipients of relief .

The operation of this social process of exclusion from the formal economy ( called retirement ) has been closely related to the organisation of production and the demand for labour .
the [use] of this social process of exclusion from the formal economy ( called retirement ) has been closely related to the organisation of production and the demand for labour .

Two sets of policies are in operation .
two sets of policies are in [use] .

Because the widespread poverty of older women and the penury experienced by some groups among them derive to a considerable extent from the operation of social and economic policies within patriarchal capitalism , any major change in their status rests on the development of alternative policies .
because the widespread poverty of older women and the penury experienced by some groups among them derive to a considerable extent from the [use] of social and economic policies within patriarchal capitalism , any major change in their status rests on the development of alternative policies .

At the 1992 CUBs conference Richard Barker of Waterstones presented a case study of a typical campus bookshop , based loosely on a Waterstones operation .
at the 1992 cubs conference richard barker of waterstones presented a case study of a typical campus bookshop , based loosely on a waterstones [use] .

He had hoped then also to find a publisher who was prepared to offer a comparable insight into the operation of an academic publishing house , but no publisher had accepted the brief , possibly for fear of revealing intimate company details .
he had hoped then also to find a publisher who was prepared to offer a comparable insight into the [use] of an academic publishing house , but no publisher had accepted the brief , possibly for fear of revealing intimate company details .

The pipette shield furthermore enables the operator to view the pipetting operation at eye height , which is usually not possible using conventional shields .
the pipette shield furthermore enables the operator to view the pipetting [use] at eye height , which is usually not possible using conventional shields .

During this time , any normal printing operation is possible , although it will suspend the charging process .
during this time , any normal printing [use] is possible , although it will suspend the charging process .

Even under Windows , the operation of FindVirus was very quick ; considerably quicker than its competitors .
even under windows , the [use] of findvirus was very quick ; considerably quicker than its competitors .

Another international player in the wars was Worcestershire 's Graham Dilley , who underwent an operation on his left ankle at the end of April .
another international player in the wars was worcestershire 's graham dilley , who underwent an [use] on his left ankle at the end of april .

Indian legspinner Narendra Hirwani underwent an eye operation in Indore recently , and hopes to be able to play without spectacles in future .
indian legspinner narendra hirwani underwent an eye [use] in indore recently , and hopes to be able to play without spectacles in future .

But after the girl underwent an operation on her tonsils the girl was put on the at risk list after pressure from health workers .
but after the girl underwent an [use] on her tonsils the girl was put on the at risk list after pressure from health workers .

It will also outline the role and operation of the Social Work Services Inspectorate , which has come in for severe criticism since it was set up by the Scottish Office a year ago .
it will also outline the role and [use] of the social work services inspectorate , which has come in for severe criticism since it was set up by the scottish office a year ago .

Currently the need for a revision is the most commonly used definition of a failed operation .
currently the need for a revision is the most commonly used definition of a failed [use] .

It is informal in operation , by its nature unequal in its distribution and in practice a means of subverting both unredeemed meritocracy and the more complex goals of equality of opportunity .
it is informal in [use] , by its nature unequal in its distribution and in practice a means of subverting both unredeemed meritocracy and the more complex goals of equality of opportunity .

The most extensive operation was the construction in Britain 's remotest region , Shetland , of the Sullom Voe oil terminal , the largest such site in Europe .
the most extensive [use] was the construction in britain 's remotest region , shetland , of the sullom voe oil terminal , the largest such site in europe .

By using forward stepwise Cox regression analysis , age at operation , tonsillectomy , and radiographic size of adenoids and airway were not significantly related to the duration of glue ear in either of the surgery or no surgery groups .
by using forward stepwise cox regression analysis , age at [use] , tonsillectomy , and radiographic size of adenoids and airway were not significantly related to the duration of glue ear in either of the surgery or no surgery groups .

Parental smoking , age at onset , and duration of hearing loss before operation , however , were significant and are therefore included in the models .
parental smoking , age at onset , and duration of hearing loss before [use] , however , were significant and are therefore included in the models .

Owing to the spontaneous resolution seen before and after operation all children with glue ear should be examined with pneumatic otoscopy and tympanometry on at least two occasions over three months before the decision to operate is made .
owing to the spontaneous resolution seen before and after [use] all children with glue ear should be examined with pneumatic otoscopy and tympanometry on at least two occasions over three months before the decision to operate is made .

With increasing age the operation is more effective in resolving glue ear than in younger children , in whom such surgery may also be contraindicated for more general reasons of increased operative risk .
with increasing age the [use] is more effective in resolving glue ear than in younger children , in whom such surgery may also be contraindicated for more general reasons of increased operative risk .

The common feature in these five cases is that the mother had been resident in Seascale at some time since the early 1950s , when the Sellafield nuclear plant came into operation .
the common feature in these five cases is that the mother had been resident in seascale at some time since the early 1950s , when the sellafield nuclear plant came into [use] .

There is a considerable increase in retinoblastoma in children whose mothers have lived in Seascale during the period of operation of the Sellafield nuclear plant .
there is a considerable increase in retinoblastoma in children whose mothers have lived in seascale during the period of [use] of the sellafield nuclear plant .

The Department of the Environment has stated ( Sept 1987 ) : `` The legislation will not of itself prescribe grant percentages , nor the detailed mechanics of the operation of the calculation and retention of rental surpluses , nor the detailed changes in accounting requirements which will be needed `` .
the department of the environment has stated ( sept 1987 ) : `` the legislation will not of itself prescribe grant percentages , nor the detailed mechanics of the [use] of the calculation and retention of rental surpluses , nor the detailed changes in accounting requirements which will be needed `` .

Although this was an extremely delicate operation for Nizan to perform , given that in 1934 he had carried out the rather complex act of ideological rehabilitation designed to demonstrate that Gide 's intellectual itinerary was such as to lead him inevitably to a commitment to communism , he none the less succeeded in combining professional respect for Gide 's qualities as a writer with penetrating criticism of what he considered to be Gide 's superficial analysis and hasty dismissal of the Soviet state .
although this was an extremely delicate [use] for nizan to perform , given that in 1934 he had carried out the rather complex act of ideological rehabilitation designed to demonstrate that gide 's intellectual itinerary was such as to lead him inevitably to a commitment to communism , he none the less succeeded in combining professional respect for gide 's qualities as a writer with penetrating criticism of what he considered to be gide 's superficial analysis and hasty dismissal of the soviet state .

Three weeks later , at a time when the imperialist war thesis was very much in the ascendency , he was more specific : The French communists lacked the necessary cynicism and the capacity for political deception that would have been required to gain the maximum benefit from a dangerous diplomatic operation .
three weeks later , at a time when the imperialist war thesis was very much in the ascendency , he was more specific : the french communists lacked the necessary cynicism and the capacity for political deception that would have been required to gain the maximum benefit from a dangerous diplomatic [use] .

The work is presently in operation to the Opera House side of the harbour basin , near Bennelong Point , which means that the standard photographs in daylight — across the water from the tourist boats , or from the bridge walkway at Campell 's Cove , are not commercially viable .
the work is presently in [use] to the opera house side of the harbour basin , near bennelong point , which means that the standard photographs in daylight — across the water from the tourist boats , or from the bridge walkway at campell 's cove , are not commercially viable .

They may also include several additional items of useful information : the duration of disease ( for example , diabetes , malignancy ) or date of operation , the certainty or otherwise of a diagnosis , the existence of an unexplained or undiagnosed symptom or sign , and involvement of other hospitals or carers .
they may also include several additional items of useful information : the duration of disease ( for example , diabetes , malignancy ) or date of [use] , the certainty or otherwise of a diagnosis , the existence of an unexplained or undiagnosed symptom or sign , and involvement of other hospitals or carers .

Full-scale operation is scheduled for the end of the decade .
full-scale [use] is scheduled for the end of the decade .

Studies of series of patients who have been operated on report survival not much worse than that expected for the age matched general population , but they ignore the possible effects of length-time bias and case selection for operation .
studies of series of patients who have been operated on report survival not much worse than that expected for the age matched general population , but they ignore the possible effects of length-time bias and case selection for [use] .

Radical prostatectomy is a major operation with potentially serious morbidity ( including impotence and urinary incontinence ) — risks worth taking only once benefit has been established unequivocally .
radical prostatectomy is a major [use] with potentially serious morbidity ( including impotence and urinary incontinence ) — risks worth taking only once benefit has been established unequivocally .

Unfortunately , in some situations there is insufficient time to j complete a rescue excavation and the work may i have to be continued as a salvage operation .
unfortunately , in some situations there is insufficient time to j complete a rescue excavation and the work may i have to be continued as a salvage [use] .

On most excavations , the first operation is to remove the modern deposits covering the archaeological levels .
on most excavations , the first [use] is to remove the modern deposits covering the archaeological levels .

Some sites are so important that it may be necessary for a rescue operation on an international scale .
some sites are so important that it may be necessary for a rescue [use] on an international scale .

Minton 's generous hospitality was extended to many , to Robert Frame , Leslie Todd-Reeve and his wife , Nessie Dunsmuir and her sister who lodged for several weeks at Hamilton Terrace before and after a major operation .
minton 's generous hospitality was extended to many , to robert frame , leslie todd-reeve and his wife , nessie dunsmuir and her sister who lodged for several weeks at hamilton terrace before and after a major [use] .

The important consequence of this was for the operation of the developer builders .
the important consequence of this was for the [use] of the developer builders .

This company has now expanded to three other yards including the former British Shipbuilders Hadrian Yard ( Clellands ) at Wallsend , and the Wallsend Slip way which had been operated by Howard Doris Ltd. for the offshore industry until the demise of that operation in 1986 .
this company has now expanded to three other yards including the former british shipbuilders hadrian yard ( clellands ) at wallsend , and the wallsend slip way which had been operated by howard doris ltd. for the offshore industry until the demise of that [use] in 1986 .

Clothing plants are generally clones as is the Formica Plant as part of Formica Inc. and Wilkinson Sword and Lonhro Textiles , even though the latter is a one and only operation , because crucial investment decisions are taken at Lonrho headquarters .
clothing plants are generally clones as is the formica plant as part of formica inc. and wilkinson sword and lonhro textiles , even though the latter is a one and only [use] , because crucial investment decisions are taken at lonrho headquarters .

The sociological implications of this view , that racism produces ethnic disadvantage , are that attention should focus on the history and mode of operation of racism rather than the ways in which ethnic minorities do or do not adapt to British society .
the sociological implications of this view , that racism produces ethnic disadvantage , are that attention should focus on the history and mode of [use] of racism rather than the ways in which ethnic minorities do or do not adapt to british society .

No discussion of tribunals can ignore the impact of the Report of the Franks Committee , which is still viewed as laying down the ground rules for the operation of tribunals .
no discussion of tribunals can ignore the impact of the report of the franks committee , which is still viewed as laying down the ground rules for the [use] of tribunals .

This incident , despite having nothing to do with the operation of tribunals led to the establishment in 1955 of the Committee on Administrative Tribunals and Enquiries under the chairmanship of Sir Oliver Franks ( as he then was ) .
this incident , despite having nothing to do with the [use] of tribunals led to the establishment in 1955 of the committee on administrative tribunals and enquiries under the chairmanship of sir oliver franks ( as he then was ) .

Finally the Committee proposed the creation of two Councils on Tribunals ( one for England and Wales , and one for Scotland ) to exercise general supervisory powers over the operation of tribunals .
finally the committee proposed the creation of two councils on tribunals ( one for england and wales , and one for scotland ) to exercise general supervisory powers over the [use] of tribunals .

The President has the responsibility of supervising the overall operation of SSATs , as well as of organizing meetings , training courses and of preparing material for the guidance of SSATs .
the president has the responsibility of supervising the overall [use] of ssats , as well as of organizing meetings , training courses and of preparing material for the guidance of ssats .

The major study , the Dickens study , of the operation of the unfair dismissal jurisdiction of the industrial tribunals is that conducted by a team of researchers from the University of Warwick ( Dickens et al .
the major study , the dickens study , of the [use] of the unfair dismissal jurisdiction of the industrial tribunals is that conducted by a team of researchers from the university of warwick ( dickens et al .

To a large extent these developments were stimulated by the king 's desperate need for finance , but his exploitation of the political defeat of the Contrariants also involved a massive administrative operation : both factors explain why the expansion largely took place in the treasury and exchequer .
to a large extent these developments were stimulated by the king 's desperate need for finance , but his exploitation of the political defeat of the contrariants also involved a massive administrative [use] : both factors explain why the expansion largely took place in the treasury and exchequer .

The stratagem , however , was not in operation long , for later that very year the king became master of his realm .
the stratagem , however , was not in [use] long , for later that very year the king became master of his realm .

Obeying a rule is a matter of public behaviour , not the operation of a private mechanism .
obeying a rule is a matter of public behaviour , not the [use] of a private mechanism .

The first of these objections to the Baker — Hacker interpretation can be answered by saying that although the practice which constitutes knowing and following the rule for pain could be operated away from any community ( on a desert island ) if it could be set up , the problem is not in the operation but in the institution of the practice .
the first of these objections to the baker — hacker interpretation can be answered by saying that although the practice which constitutes knowing and following the rule for pain could be operated away from any community ( on a desert island ) if it could be set up , the problem is not in the [use] but in the institution of the practice .

But an information gap is not necessarily the same as the operation of different schemata , which may be working at a deeper and less accessible level .
but an information gap is not necessarily the same as the [use] of different schemata , which may be working at a deeper and less accessible level .

Thus a woman on a bus describing the way a mutual friend has been behaving , getting out of bed too soon after an operation , concludes her turn in the conversation by saying
thus a woman on a bus describing the way a mutual friend has been behaving , getting out of bed too soon after an [use] , concludes her turn in the conversation by saying

In Coburn 's original script , which became the pilot episode , operation of the ship was clearly the sole preserve of the Doctor .
in coburn 's original script , which became the pilot episode , [use] of the ship was clearly the sole preserve of the doctor .

‘ You are interfering with the operation of this station !
‘ you are interfering with the [use] of this station !

Fortunately a small group of folk banded together determined to save the bird and the rescue operation began .
fortunately a small group of folk banded together determined to save the bird and the rescue [use] began .

Without a good traffic operation an agency flounders .
without a good traffic [use] an agency flounders .

They are the director , who comes from the production company , is in charge of the whole operation , and is the real expert ; the lighting cameraman , whose job is highly skilled and is exactly what it sounds like , and whose expertise will totally influence the visual texture of the film ; and the agency 's producer ( or creative group head ) whose job is to ensure that the director fully covers the brief , and to make any awkward decisions that may be needed .
they are the director , who comes from the production company , is in charge of the whole [use] , and is the real expert ; the lighting cameraman , whose job is highly skilled and is exactly what it sounds like , and whose expertise will totally influence the visual texture of the film ; and the agency 's producer ( or creative group head ) whose job is to ensure that the director fully covers the brief , and to make any awkward decisions that may be needed .

Going to school and back was a hazardous operation for Preston .
going to school and back was a hazardous [use] for preston .

Not infrequently he wished his penis did n't have to take the entire responsibility for the success or failure of the operation .
not infrequently he wished his penis did n't have to take the entire responsibility for the success or failure of the [use] .

The company describes itself as ‘ essentially a warehousing operation with a sales front end ’ , and believes it is unique as a distribution agent in its very clearly defined ‘ editorial ’ view , which ensures that the mix of publishers whom it represents falls into three distinct categories : mind , body and spirit ; women 's ; and literature .
the company describes itself as ‘ essentially a warehousing [use] with a sales front end ’ , and believes it is unique as a distribution agent in its very clearly defined ‘ editorial ’ view , which ensures that the mix of publishers whom it represents falls into three distinct categories : mind , body and spirit ; women 's ; and literature .

Macmillan 's exceptionally successful Mexican operation has been in place for years but now Mexico is everyone 's tip for the top — ‘ The most exciting country in the region , ’ says David Phillips of Linguaphone ; ‘ The biggest without doubt , ’ says David Stewart .
macmillan 's exceptionally successful mexican [use] has been in place for years but now mexico is everyone 's tip for the top — ‘ the most exciting country in the region , ’ says david phillips of linguaphone ; ‘ the biggest without doubt , ’ says david stewart .

Redundancies were made ; the magazine was reduced in size ; the number of colour pages were cut back and eventually eliminated altogether — measures that lent an impression of panic and fast-reducing circumstances to the operation .
redundancies were made ; the magazine was reduced in size ; the number of colour pages were cut back and eventually eliminated altogether — measures that lent an impression of panic and fast-reducing circumstances to the [use] .

The renewed popularity of British music in America only made Branson more determined than ever that Virgin should , once again , have their own operation in the States .
the renewed popularity of british music in america only made branson more determined than ever that virgin should , once again , have their own [use] in the states .

In 1981 , Virgin set up their first overseas operation , in France .
in 1981 , virgin set up their first overseas [use] , in france .

The expansion of the Virgin operation , the sharp influx of profits ( the loss of £900,000 reported at the beginning of 1981 had been turned into a profit of £1.5m by the beginning of 1982 ) , and the more aggressive attitude of performers to selling themselves had all put Virgin in a more competitive milieu and frame of mind .
the expansion of the virgin [use] , the sharp influx of profits ( the loss of £900,000 reported at the beginning of 1981 had been turned into a profit of £1.5m by the beginning of 1982 ) , and the more aggressive attitude of performers to selling themselves had all put virgin in a more competitive milieu and frame of mind .

Randolph Fields had already recruited to the nascent operation two former Laker executives , Roy Gardner , who later became Virgin Atlantic 's chief executive , and David Tait , who was appointed head of the American operation .
randolph fields had already recruited to the nascent [use] two former laker executives , roy gardner , who later became virgin atlantic 's chief executive , and david tait , who was appointed head of the american [use] .

He had launched Laker Airways saying it would be a tight operation with no more than six planes and a staff of 120 .
he had launched laker airways saying it would be a tight [use] with no more than six planes and a staff of 120 .

The delay effectively hindered the setting up of the American end of the Virgin operation .
the delay effectively hindered the setting up of the american end of the virgin [use] .

He moved into the Greenwich Village brownstone which had once housed Virgin 's American record company operation and hastily recruited staff .
he moved into the greenwich village brownstone which had once housed virgin 's american record company [use] and hastily recruited staff .

It included a memorandum from David Tait , in charge of American operations — and originally a Fields appointee — urging that Fields ‘ be restrained from any further involvement in Virgin Atlantic 's North American operation ’ .
it included a memorandum from david tait , in charge of american operations — and originally a fields appointee — urging that fields ‘ be restrained from any further involvement in virgin atlantic 's north american [use] ’ .

Terry Baughan , the financial director for both the Virgin Group and the airline , revealed that the airline had incurred a trading loss of £514,000 for the first three weeks of operation .
terry baughan , the financial director for both the virgin group and the airline , revealed that the airline had incurred a trading loss of £514,000 for the first three weeks of [use] .

Having grabbed the idea of the airline with both hands , Branson was now trying to squeeze him out of the operation altogether .
having grabbed the idea of the airline with both hands , branson was now trying to squeeze him out of the [use] altogether .

An operation adds a single property to one of the two sets .
an [use] adds a single property to one of the two sets .

An operation consists of adding one extra piece .
an [use] consists of adding one extra piece .

An operation involves sliding a tile into the empty position .
an [use] involves sliding a tile into the empty position .

The real search space does not because a real operation extends the list of naive operations which move crates .
the real search space does not because a real [use] extends the list of naive operations which move crates .

an operation consists of entering a new word .
an [use] consists of entering a new word .

an operation consists of choosing a composite statement in some branch , and extending the branch by expanding this statement into simpler ones .
an [use] consists of choosing a composite statement in some branch , and extending the branch by expanding this statement into simpler ones .

an operation consists of mounting an expedition and then filling in a bit more of the map when it returns .
an [use] consists of mounting an expedition and then filling in a bit more of the map when it returns .

Any state , and the condition for any operation , can be written in this language .
any state , and the condition for any [use] , can be written in this language .

Moving something is a reversible operation , but mixing , cutting and breaking are irreversible .
moving something is a reversible [use] , but mixing , cutting and breaking are irreversible .

Also , by the time operation e is complete , the eggs will be burning .
also , by the time [use] e is complete , the eggs will be burning .

The notion of an unbalanced cluster , and the operation of subdividing a cluster , are complicated .
the notion of an unbalanced cluster , and the [use] of subdividing a cluster , are complicated .

The mother of the plaintiff in the first action underwent a gynaecological operation in September 1966 while pregnant with the plaintiff , who was born in April 1967 with numerous abnormalities .
the mother of the plaintiff in the first action underwent a gynaecological [use] in september 1966 while pregnant with the plaintiff , who was born in april 1967 with numerous abnormalities .

In April 1988 , when she reached the age of 21 , she issued a writ claiming that these abnormalities were the result of the negligence of medical staff who had in September 1966 carried out a gynaecological operation on her mother , then pregnant with the plaintiff .
in april 1988 , when she reached the age of 21 , she issued a writ claiming that these abnormalities were the result of the negligence of medical staff who had in september 1966 carried out a gynaecological [use] on her mother , then pregnant with the plaintiff .

In the present case the writing by the deceased of the contents of the 18 April 1986 document was completed in one operation .
in the present case the writing by the deceased of the contents of the 18 april 1986 document was completed in one [use] .

‘ It is clear that when the section 8 ( 6 ) procedure comes into operation it is for the police officer to make the decision whether the sample to be provided shall be a sample of blood or urine , but the police officer must convey to the defendant that the sample to be required may be of either blood or urine and must give the defendant an opportunity to consider which sample he would prefer to give if the choice were his and any reasons he has for that preference .
‘ it is clear that when the section 8 ( 6 ) procedure comes into [use] it is for the police officer to make the decision whether the sample to be provided shall be a sample of blood or urine , but the police officer must convey to the defendant that the sample to be required may be of either blood or urine and must give the defendant an opportunity to consider which sample he would prefer to give if the choice were his and any reasons he has for that preference .

Once an unlawful removal has been established within the meaning of article 3 of the Convention , then the provisions of article 12 come into operation . Article 12 provides :
once an unlawful removal has been established within the meaning of article 3 of the convention , then the provisions of article 12 come into [use] . article 12 provides :

Accordingly article 12 comes into operation and renders it mandatory for the court to order the return of the child forthwith .
accordingly article 12 comes into [use] and renders it mandatory for the court to order the return of the child forthwith .

That may explain why procedural provisions regarding the operation of subsection ( 2 ) are not spelled out .
that may explain why procedural provisions regarding the [use] of subsection ( 2 ) are not spelled out .

The fiduciary relationship can not be superimposed upon the contract in such a way as to alter the operation which the contract was intended to have according to its true construction .
the fiduciary relationship can not be superimposed upon the contract in such a way as to alter the [use] which the contract was intended to have according to its true construction .

Medical Practitioner — Medical treatment , consent to — Refusal of Caesarean section — Adult woman in obstructed labour — Lives of mother and unborn child at risk — Refusal of consent to Caesarean section on religious grounds — Whether declaration to be granted enabling operation to be performed
medical practitioner — medical treatment , consent to — refusal of caesarean section — adult woman in obstructed labour — lives of mother and unborn child at risk — refusal of consent to caesarean section on religious grounds — whether declaration to be granted enabling [use] to be performed

Both she and her husband refused consent to the operation on religious grounds .
both she and her husband refused consent to the [use] on religious grounds .

On an application by the health authority for a declaration that the operation could be performed lawfully without the mother 's consent : —
on an application by the health authority for a declaration that the [use] could be performed lawfully without the mother 's consent : —

Held , granting the declaration , that in a situation in which the lives of mother and the unborn child would both be at risk if the operation were not performed , it was open to the court to make a declaration that the operation could be performed notwithstanding the mother 's refusal of consent .
held , granting the declaration , that in a situation in which the lives of mother and the unborn child would both be at risk if the [use] were not performed , it was open to the court to make a declaration that the [use] could be performed notwithstanding the mother 's refusal of consent .

By a notice of appeal dated 22 July 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the Act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in England and Wales , or having a place of business in England and Wales , or carrying on business in England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with England and Wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the Insolvency Rules 1986 to serve the bank in Jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the Act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a Jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom Parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the operation of the section were limited to those within England and Wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with England and Wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of England and Wales .
by a notice of appeal dated 22 july 1991 the administrators appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law in holding that the court had no jurisdiction to make any order under section 238 of the act of 1986 against the bank ; ( 2 ) the judge should have held that the words ‘ any person ’ in section 238 meant ( in the case of a company ) any company , whether or not registered in england and wales , or having a place of business in england and wales , or carrying on business in england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; alternatively , that those words ( in the case of a company ) meant any company with a sufficient connection with england and wales : and that , on the facts of the case , there was a sufficient connection ; and in either case the court accordingly had jurisdiction to entertain the originating application against the bank , and to grant leave under rule 12.12 of the insolvency rules 1986 to serve the bank in jersey ; and ( 3 ) in construing section 238 of the act of 1986 the judge had erred in failing ( i ) to hold that the bank , even though a jersey company , was within the class of persons with respect to whom parliament was to be presumed to be legislating in section 238 ; ( ii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the mischief which the section was intended to remedy , and/or to the disastrous practical consequences for all insolvencies with any international element if the [use] of the section were limited to those within england and wales at the time of the transaction complained of ; ( iii ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the legislative context of the section and related sections ; and ( iv ) to give any or any sufficient weight to the fact that the transactions dealt with by the sections necessarily had a connection with england and wales in that they involved a disposition of the property of a person or company the subject of insolvency proceedings before the courts of england and wales .

McLaughlin introduced ‘ a consortium ’ which was intended to provide a rescue operation .
mclaughlin introduced ‘ a consortium ’ which was intended to provide a rescue [use] .

On 30 July 1991 the Banking Act 1987 ( Meaning of Deposit ) Order 1991 was made , which provided that the definition of ‘ deposit ’ in section 5 of that Act excluded a sum to which a person became entitled , otherwise than by operation of law , after presentation of a winding up petition or , where a petition had already been presented , after 30 July 1991 .
on 30 july 1991 the banking act 1987 ( meaning of deposit ) order 1991 was made , which provided that the definition of ‘ deposit ’ in section 5 of that act excluded a sum to which a person became entitled , otherwise than by [use] of law , after presentation of a winding up petition or , where a petition had already been presented , after 30 july 1991 .

It provided that in future the definition of ‘ deposit ’ in the Act excluded a sum to which a person became entitled , otherwise than by operation of law , after presentation of a winding up petition .
it provided that in future the definition of ‘ deposit ’ in the act excluded a sum to which a person became entitled , otherwise than by [use] of law , after presentation of a winding up petition .

‘ For the purposes of sections 60 , 61 and 62 of the Banking Act 1987 the definition of deposit in section 5 of that Act shall be treated as excluding any sum to which a person becomes entitled ( otherwise than by operation of law ) , or comes to be treated as entitled for the purposes of sections 58 and 60 of that Act , after a petition is presented by the winding up of the institution , or , in the case of an institution in respect of which such a petition has been presented before the date on which this Order comes into force , 30 July 1991 .
‘ for the purposes of sections 60 , 61 and 62 of the banking act 1987 the definition of deposit in section 5 of that act shall be treated as excluding any sum to which a person becomes entitled ( otherwise than by [use] of law ) , or comes to be treated as entitled for the purposes of sections 58 and 60 of that act , after a petition is presented by the winding up of the institution , or , in the case of an institution in respect of which such a petition has been presented before the date on which this order comes into force , 30 july 1991 .

However , if one looks at section 3 it is — we do not need to decide the point — at least doubtful whether it would apply to the circumstances of the present case , because the requisite intent which has to be present before section 3 is breached is the intent under subsection ( 2 ) of section 3 , ‘ ( a ) to impair the operation of any computer ’ — that clearly does not apply to what the respondent did here — ‘ ( b ) to prevent or hinder access to any program or data held in any computer ’ — that again clearly does not apply to what the respondent did here — and ‘ ( c ) to impair the operation of any such program ’ — that does not apply here .
however , if one looks at section 3 it is — we do not need to decide the point — at least doubtful whether it would apply to the circumstances of the present case , because the requisite intent which has to be present before section 3 is breached is the intent under subsection ( 2 ) of section 3 , ‘ ( a ) to impair the [use] of any computer ’ — that clearly does not apply to what the respondent did here — ‘ ( b ) to prevent or hinder access to any program or data held in any computer ’ — that again clearly does not apply to what the respondent did here — and ‘ ( c ) to impair the [use] of any such program ’ — that does not apply here .

If this were not done , the benefit to the released debtor would be nullified by the operation of the indemnity covenant .
if this were not done , the benefit to the released debtor would be nullified by the [use] of the indemnity covenant .

‘ These two cases , then , make it perfectly clear that when he is sued , as in the present case , on the covenants contained in the original lease , the original tenant 's only possible defences are either : ( 1 ) that he has performed the covenants ; or ( 2 ) that the relevant assignee has performed the covenants ; or ( 3 ) there has been some other operation conducted upon the lease — for example surrender of the whole — which has put a complete end to the liability to pay rent .
‘ these two cases , then , make it perfectly clear that when he is sued , as in the present case , on the covenants contained in the original lease , the original tenant 's only possible defences are either : ( 1 ) that he has performed the covenants ; or ( 2 ) that the relevant assignee has performed the covenants ; or ( 3 ) there has been some other [use] conducted upon the lease — for example surrender of the whole — which has put a complete end to the liability to pay rent .

The written observations submitted to the court are described below under two headings : the nationality condition , and the conditions relating to residence and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel .
the written observations submitted to the court are described below under two headings : the nationality condition , and the conditions relating to residence and domicile and to the place of [use] , direction and control of the vessel .

The conditions relating to residence and domicile and to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel
the conditions relating to residence and domicile and to the place of [use] , direction and control of the vessel

The condition relating to the operation , direction and control of the vessel meant that the orders for those matters must in fact come from the United Kingdom .
the condition relating to the [use] , direction and control of the vessel meant that the orders for those matters must in fact come from the united kingdom .

As regards the condition relating to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel , the applicants in the main proceedings stated in the first place that the flag state might legitimately require some measure of onshore representation in order to ensure that the authorities of that state had some method of tracing the responsibility of the operator .
as regards the condition relating to the place of [use] , direction and control of the vessel , the applicants in the main proceedings stated in the first place that the flag state might legitimately require some measure of onshore representation in order to ensure that the authorities of that state had some method of tracing the responsibility of the operator .

However , the matter at issue in the cases now before the court is not access by vessels of member states to fishing activities in the Community but access by nationals of member states to vessels and to the operation of vessels .
however , the matter at issue in the cases now before the court is not access by vessels of member states to fishing activities in the community but access by nationals of member states to vessels and to the [use] of vessels .

The condition relating to the place of operation , direction and control of the vessel ( paragraph ( i ) ( c ) of question ( 2 ) , as reformulated )
the condition relating to the place of [use] , direction and control of the vessel ( paragraph ( i ) ( c ) of question ( 2 ) , as reformulated )

‘ The operation or termination of the account of a member borrowing on a class 1 or class 2 advance and the grant or refusal to grant a borrowing member of that description other or further class 1 , or as the case may be , class 2 advances secured on the same or different land or other facilities normally available to borrowing members of his description .
‘ the [use] or termination of the account of a member borrowing on a class 1 or class 2 advance and the grant or refusal to grant a borrowing member of that description other or further class 1 , or as the case may be , class 2 advances secured on the same or different land or other facilities normally available to borrowing members of his description .

Note : The operation or termination of the account of a borrowing member includes any aspect of the relationship or the termination of the relationship between the society and a borrowing member as such , including in particular the exercise of the right of foreclosure or any other power over the land by virtue of the mortgage .
note : the [use] or termination of the account of a borrowing member includes any aspect of the relationship or the termination of the relationship between the society and a borrowing member as such , including in particular the exercise of the right of foreclosure or any other power over the land by virtue of the mortgage .

The plaintiff , in considering that application , was aware that the residents living by the two approach roads to the port would be affected 24 hours a day by the movement of heavy goods vehicles to and from the port but decided to grant planning permission because of the employment and economic benefits for the area resulting from the operation of a commercial port .
the plaintiff , in considering that application , was aware that the residents living by the two approach roads to the port would be affected 24 hours a day by the movement of heavy goods vehicles to and from the port but decided to grant planning permission because of the employment and economic benefits for the area resulting from the [use] of a commercial port .

Ltd. ( ‘ the dock company ’ ) as the company responsible for the operation of the port , which had formerly been part of the Chatham Royal Dockyard , and the fourth and fifth defendants , Crescent Wharves Ltd. and Ship Link Terminals Ltd. , as occupiers of berths and land in the port from which they carried on their businesses .
ltd. ( ‘ the dock company ’ ) as the company responsible for the [use] of the port , which had formerly been part of the chatham royal dockyard , and the fourth and fifth defendants , crescent wharves ltd. and ship link terminals ltd. , as occupiers of berths and land in the port from which they carried on their businesses .

It is extremely unlikely that it would have done so because everyone at the ports authority had always envisaged a 24-hour operation .
it is extremely unlikely that it would have done so because everyone at the ports authority had always envisaged a 24-hour [use] .

It would be quite unrealistic to attempt to draw a line in the dock company 's operation to limit the amount of trade it can permit at the port .
it would be quite unrealistic to attempt to draw a line in the dock company 's [use] to limit the amount of trade it can permit at the port .

There must be no nice balancing of odds , the judge must come to the conclusion that such danger is real and appreciable with reference to the ordinary operation of law in the ordinary course of things , not a danger of an imaginary and insubstantial character , having reference to some extraordinary and barely possible contingency so improbable that no reasonable man would suffer it to influence his conduct .
there must be no nice balancing of odds , the judge must come to the conclusion that such danger is real and appreciable with reference to the ordinary [use] of law in the ordinary course of things , not a danger of an imaginary and insubstantial character , having reference to some extraordinary and barely possible contingency so improbable that no reasonable man would suffer it to influence his conduct .

Prior to the Children Act 1989 coming into operation on 14 October 1991 , the practice was for justices to announce their decision in the most simple terms , saying that they made a care order or a custody order , as the case might be .
prior to the children act 1989 coming into [use] on 14 october 1991 , the practice was for justices to announce their decision in the most simple terms , saying that they made a care order or a custody order , as the case might be .

In an undercover police operation in London a shop was set up purportedly to buy and sell jewellery commercially ; it was staffed solely by undercover officers purporting to be shady jewellers willing to buy stolen property .
in an undercover police [use] in london a shop was set up purportedly to buy and sell jewellery commercially ; it was staffed solely by undercover officers purporting to be shady jewellers willing to buy stolen property .

After the jury was sworn , there began immediately a seven-day voire dire in which the defence challenged the admissibility of all the evidence resulting from the undercover operation .
after the jury was sworn , there began immediately a seven-day voire dire in which the defence challenged the admissibility of all the evidence resulting from the undercover [use] .

However , Mr. Thornton made clear that in his submission requesting the receipt was merely an incident in the operation of the shop .
however , mr. thornton made clear that in his submission requesting the receipt was merely an incident in the [use] of the shop .

The whole operation was a single trick , all the fruits of which should be excluded .
the whole [use] was a single trick , all the fruits of which should be excluded .

We agree that the operation should be considered as a whole .
we agree that the [use] should be considered as a whole .

They say that the operation should not have been undertaken .
they say that the [use] should not have been undertaken .

If a caution was required , it can not be dispensed with simply to facilitate the operation .
if a caution was required , it can not be dispensed with simply to facilitate the [use] .

The difficulty about this argument is that , if it is accepted , there is no scope for the operation of paragraph ( a ) of article 12 .
the difficulty about this argument is that , if it is accepted , there is no scope for the [use] of paragraph ( a ) of article 12 .

‘ Term of years absolute ’ means a term of years … either certain or liable to determination by notice , re-entry , operation of law , or by a provision for cesser on redemption , or in any other event ( other than the dropping of a life , or the determination of a determinable life interest ) ; … and in this definition the expression ‘ term of years ’ includes a term for less than a year , or for a year or years and a fraction of a year or from year to year ; …
‘ term of years absolute ’ means a term of years … either certain or liable to determination by notice , re-entry , [use] of law , or by a provision for cesser on redemption , or in any other event ( other than the dropping of a life , or the determination of a determinable life interest ) ; … and in this definition the expression ‘ term of years ’ includes a term for less than a year , or for a year or years and a fraction of a year or from year to year ; …

My only comment on the relevance of the Company Directors Disqualification Act 1986 is that a decision that a receiver appointed over the property of an unregistered company is an administrative receiver for the purposes of the Insolvency Act 1986 is consistent with , and does not create any particular difficulties in the operation of , the provisions of the Company Directors Disqualification Act 1986 .
my only comment on the relevance of the company directors disqualification act 1986 is that a decision that a receiver appointed over the property of an unregistered company is an administrative receiver for the purposes of the insolvency act 1986 is consistent with , and does not create any particular difficulties in the [use] of , the provisions of the company directors disqualification act 1986 .

‘ The time has come to make it clear that it is only where a taxpayer has established the existence of a profit-generating operation carried on by him outside Hong Kong that he can hope to escape the charge to profits tax imposed by section 14 .
‘ the time has come to make it clear that it is only where a taxpayer has established the existence of a profit-generating [use] carried on by him outside hong kong that he can hope to escape the charge to profits tax imposed by section 14 .

Forbearance in the overseas country would be equally relevant to a grant to another Hong Kong company of rights to exhibit in that country — a situation which could hardly escape the operation of section 14 .
forbearance in the overseas country would be equally relevant to a grant to another hong kong company of rights to exhibit in that country — a situation which could hardly escape the [use] of section 14 .

If a manufacturer in Hong Kong sells his goods to a merchant in Manila the payment which he receives is no doubt sourced in Manila but his profit on the transaction arises in and is derived from his manufacturing operation in Hong Kong .
if a manufacturer in hong kong sells his goods to a merchant in manila the payment which he receives is no doubt sourced in manila but his profit on the transaction arises in and is derived from his manufacturing [use] in hong kong .

Meanwhile , the Soviets have decided to forsake San Diego itself for nearby Mission Bay where the Nippon Challenge and a joint de Savary/Iain Murray operation are likely to be set up .
meanwhile , the soviets have decided to forsake san diego itself for nearby mission bay where the nippon challenge and a joint de savary/iain murray [use] are likely to be set up .

We visited the Devonport Dockyard to see the operation there .
we visited the devonport dockyard to see the [use] there .

In 1970 the British sent troops to protect the oil-drilling operation without regard to Iran 's sovereignty .
in 1970 the british sent troops to protect the oil-drilling [use] without regard to iran 's sovereignty .

Each had his or her own reason — a dying father , an urgent operation , sick children , financial problems — whatever seemed more plausible or appropriate .
each had his or her own reason — a dying father , an urgent [use] , sick children , financial problems — whatever seemed more plausible or appropriate .

On the periphery of the Lunar landing operation itself , Armstrong was required to carry out a series of tests and experiments .
on the periphery of the lunar landing [use] itself , armstrong was required to carry out a series of tests and experiments .

The Lancet medical journal reports that children who were underweight before the operation had a growth spurt afterwards .
the lancet medical journal reports that children who were underweight before the [use] had a growth spurt afterwards .

The doctor said there was nothing wrong with me , but the Operation Raleigh people rang to warn us : they had been in the rainforest at the same time as us , and 50 to 60 per cent of their people had gone down with river blindness .
the doctor said there was nothing wrong with me , but the [use] raleigh people rang to warn us : they had been in the rainforest at the same time as us , and 50 to 60 per cent of their people had gone down with river blindness .

Ottomar de Souza Pinto , a governor of Roraima state , which will lose 45 per cent of its territory to the park , has personally paid bail for the gold-miners jailed under Operation Free Jungle .
ottomar de souza pinto , a governor of roraima state , which will lose 45 per cent of its territory to the park , has personally paid bail for the gold-miners jailed under [use] free jungle .

Jarbas Passarinho , the federal justice minister and an outspoken opponent of the park , must now agree a budget for the next stage of Operation Free Jungle .
jarbas passarinho , the federal justice minister and an outspoken opponent of the park , must now agree a budget for the next stage of [use] free jungle .

He replaces Jean Puri , who has moved to Unilever 's Swedish cosmetic operation .
he replaces jean puri , who has moved to unilever 's swedish cosmetic [use] .

Interim results for the first half to July 1991 revealed that this revamp was the only operation to increase sales and profits .
interim results for the first half to july 1991 revealed that this revamp was the only [use] to increase sales and profits .

Sources at the IoS suggest the merged news operation with the daily paper has improved the Sunday 's edge .
sources at the ios suggest the merged news [use] with the daily paper has improved the sunday 's edge .

In truth the exact opposite occurs — the compulsion continues as before and the physical problems return , sometimes worse than before and sometimes ( particularly in the case of bowel surgery ) coupled with medical complications from the previous operation .
in truth the exact opposite occurs — the compulsion continues as before and the physical problems return , sometimes worse than before and sometimes ( particularly in the case of bowel surgery ) coupled with medical complications from the previous [use] .

’ The very private little operation had been well and truly let out of the bag .
’ the very private little [use] had been well and truly let out of the bag .

If it is n't a surgical operation will be needed .
if it is n't a surgical [use] will be needed .

Legal abortion is available here in a grudging way ; and if a woman is refused one for any reason , her only resort is a private operation if she 's determined to control her own body — or to go ahead and have the baby .
legal abortion is available here in a grudging way ; and if a woman is refused one for any reason , her only resort is a private [use] if she 's determined to control her own body — or to go ahead and have the baby .

Is the amount of degrees the Compass needle is deflected from Magnetic North by influences in the aircraft , such as metals and the operation of electrical equipment .
is the amount of degrees the compass needle is deflected from magnetic north by influences in the aircraft , such as metals and the [use] of electrical equipment .

Operation of the Indent button causes an additional coded pulse to appear on the ground radar screen for about fifteen seconds to assist the radar operator to identify your aircraft .
[use] of the indent button causes an additional coded pulse to appear on the ground radar screen for about fifteen seconds to assist the radar operator to identify your aircraft .

’ The plain inference is that it is through the operation of the Spirit that these Gentiles have come to repentance .
’ the plain inference is that it is through the [use] of the spirit that these gentiles have come to repentance .

The true mark of the Spirit 's operation is when a man can say from his heart that Jesus is his Lord .
the true mark of the spirit 's [use] is when a man can say from his heart that jesus is his lord .

Operation Island Survival
[use] island survival

You have been selected as one of a small group of people your age to take part in Operation Island Survival .
you have been selected as one of a small group of people your age to take part in [use] island survival .

Luigi did not charge very much for this operation , and if the patient was poor he did it for nothing .
luigi did not charge very much for this [use] , and if the patient was poor he did it for nothing .

In our part of Italy , as in every other , there was an information system always in operation : radio popolo , the people 's radio ( what is known in some countries as the grapevine ) .
in our part of italy , as in every other , there was an information system always in [use] : radio popolo , the people 's radio ( what is known in some countries as the grapevine ) .

Too many cut-offs in the operation .
too many cut-offs in the [use] .

Recalling that Freeborn was recovering from nothing more serious than a successful operation for varicose veins , he approached the bed and said tentatively :
recalling that freeborn was recovering from nothing more serious than a successful [use] for varicose veins , he approached the bed and said tentatively :

It fails to consider the operation of informal , and often invisible , restraints on office and so lifts the Prime Minister out of the complex constraining context of action .
it fails to consider the [use] of informal , and often invisible , restraints on office and so lifts the prime minister out of the complex constraining context of action .

This section begins by looking at the role of sales and market forecasting in the operation of the business .
this section begins by looking at the role of sales and market forecasting in the [use] of the business .

The role of the sales or market forecast in the operation of the business is also explained , particularly within the context of the budgetary planning and control process .
the role of the sales or market forecast in the [use] of the business is also explained , particularly within the context of the budgetary planning and control process .

For instance , the relatively high costs of a quality orientated operation can only be justified if forecasts of market demand show that customers will remain insensitive to price increases , but sensitive to variations in product quality .
for instance , the relatively high costs of a quality orientated [use] can only be justified if forecasts of market demand show that customers will remain insensitive to price increases , but sensitive to variations in product quality .

The point should also be made that many of these techniques are statistically and technically complex , often requiring computerised operation .
the point should also be made that many of these techniques are statistically and technically complex , often requiring computerised [use] .

If operation of the model can , to some degree , accurately represent the workings of the market then an individual company may be able to gain a deeper understanding of the relative position that it has in that market .
if [use] of the model can , to some degree , accurately represent the workings of the market then an individual company may be able to gain a deeper understanding of the relative position that it has in that market .

2 ) Describe and comment on the role of the sales forecast in the operation of a business .
2 ) describe and comment on the role of the sales forecast in the [use] of a business .

Individually the songs from ‘ Empire ’ are as good as anything from ‘ Mindcrime ’ , but played in its entirety ‘ Operation : Mindcrime ’ is phenomenal , stark , and as a uncompromising as they come .
individually the songs from ‘ empire ’ are as good as anything from ‘ mindcrime ’ , but played in its entirety ‘ [use] : mindcrime ’ is phenomenal , stark , and as a uncompromising as they come .

‘ To run any kind of quality operation , the name of the game is consistency .
‘ to run any kind of quality [use] , the name of the game is consistency .

Yet however ludicrous the conventions and rules surrounding the operation of the lobby , the stand taken by newspapers like The Independent is both perverse and hypocritical .
yet however ludicrous the conventions and rules surrounding the [use] of the lobby , the stand taken by newspapers like the independent is both perverse and hypocritical .

Mr. Shaker : With this we may take amendment No. 17 , in clause 12 , page 6 , line 32 , at end insert , " and shall ensure that employees " pension rights are in no way diminished by the operation of this Act . "
mr. shaker : with this we may take amendment no. 17 , in clause 12 , page 6 , line 32 , at end insert , " and shall ensure that employees " pension rights are in no way diminished by the [use] of this act . "

At the Consumer Congress conference held in July 1988 a resolution was passed calling for a Transport ( Scotland ) Bill732 , an enforceable code of good practice for the operation and provision of public transport .
at the consumer congress conference held in july 1988 a resolution was passed calling for a transport ( scotland ) bill732 , an enforceable code of good practice for the [use] and provision of public transport .

Will he tell us exactly how much public money the Scottish Development Agency has invested in the Stagecoach operation and whether the same level of investment will be available to every bid , including management-employee bids , that is made to buy one of the subsidiaries ?
will he tell us exactly how much public money the scottish development agency has invested in the stagecoach [use] and whether the same level of investment will be available to every bid , including management-employee bids , that is made to buy one of the subsidiaries ?

Within weeks Stagecoach had turned them into $ 5.1 million and still had half the operation left .
within weeks stagecoach had turned them into $ 5.1 million and still had half the [use] left .

If one can spread a core cost over a larger operation one can offer cheaper fares .
if one can spread a core cost over a larger [use] one can offer cheaper fares .

Successful operation is obviously the way to achieve that not by giving employees a veto as proposed in amendment No .
successful [use] is obviously the way to achieve that not by giving employees a veto as proposed in amendment no .

Taken as a group , however , their expansion , in a period of considerable financial difficulty , indicates the ‘ success ’ of their operation and , by extension , the ‘ failure ’ of popular schooling .
taken as a group , however , their expansion , in a period of considerable financial difficulty , indicates the ‘ success ’ of their [use] and , by extension , the ‘ failure ’ of popular schooling .

These elements are also present in other features and an important one concerns the operation of what Owen terms ‘ participatory democracy ’ .
these elements are also present in other features and an important one concerns the [use] of what owen terms ‘ participatory democracy ’ .

For the Delphi as with the Victoria Centre it is important that schools recognize their needs but for Roger this is based upon a mutuality of interest which is unimpeded by the operation of specific criteria .
for the delphi as with the victoria centre it is important that schools recognize their needs but for roger this is based upon a mutuality of interest which is unimpeded by the [use] of specific criteria .

At the time of writing these provisions have been in operation for nearly six months and appear to be effective .
at the time of writing these provisions have been in [use] for nearly six months and appear to be effective .

If we are to adopt an action-rationality stance , and there is considerable merit in so doing , there is still the need to decide at what level ideologies are to be set , what degree of rational analysis needs to be involved , how to sell the ideologies and how much rationality is still needed even within an impressionistic mode of operation .
if we are to adopt an action-rationality stance , and there is considerable merit in so doing , there is still the need to decide at what level ideologies are to be set , what degree of rational analysis needs to be involved , how to sell the ideologies and how much rationality is still needed even within an impressionistic mode of [use] .

As noted earlier in this chapter , and by many authors , including Kanter ( 1983 ) , an attempt to change basic ideologies/schemas of multiple parties is more likely to be successful in times of crisis when it becomes obvious that traditional modes of operation are no longer achieving success .
as noted earlier in this chapter , and by many authors , including kanter ( 1983 ) , an attempt to change basic ideologies/schemas of multiple parties is more likely to be successful in times of crisis when it becomes obvious that traditional modes of [use] are no longer achieving success .

Still , she never lost sight of the smaller details that made the operation run smoothly .
still , she never lost sight of the smaller details that made the [use] run smoothly .

As Ashley Mountney could not become entirely independent of the wholesalers overnight it was decided to start a subsidiary company expressly for the retailing operation and in 1968 , little more than one year after the move to Carno , Ashley Shops ltd was formed .
as ashley mountney could not become entirely independent of the wholesalers overnight it was decided to start a subsidiary company expressly for the retailing [use] and in 1968 , little more than one year after the move to carno , ashley shops ltd was formed .

In the event , the operation went smoothly , but factory staff say they saw a new uncertain side to Bernard during those tense , waiting days .
in the event , the [use] went smoothly , but factory staff say they saw a new uncertain side to bernard during those tense , waiting days .

As the retail side of the operation was now increasing in importance , one of Peter Revers ' principal tasks was to find new store locations and Jean 's was to hire staff for them .
as the retail side of the [use] was now increasing in importance , one of peter revers ' principal tasks was to find new store locations and jean 's was to hire staff for them .

The stated aims of the restructuring were partly to reduce the recent increased level of borrowing , but also to make individuals more accountable and profit conscious for the areas of operation under their control .
the stated aims of the restructuring were partly to reduce the recent increased level of borrowing , but also to make individuals more accountable and profit conscious for the areas of [use] under their control .

However , it soon became clear that Laura could not secretly organize such a major undertaking while based abroad , and , in desperation , brought in Deborah , She , realizing the potential of the project , begged another year and set up the operation openly in the company 's London workroom at Clapham .
however , it soon became clear that laura could not secretly organize such a major undertaking while based abroad , and , in desperation , brought in deborah , she , realizing the potential of the project , begged another year and set up the [use] openly in the company 's london workroom at clapham .

Having created the venture , Bernard was less interested in running the day-to-day operation .
having created the venture , bernard was less interested in running the day-to-day [use] .

Slow but steady progress has been made and the more flexible arrangements for validation outlined in Partnership in Validation are now in operation in a number of establishments .
slow but steady progress has been made and the more flexible arrangements for validation outlined in partnership in validation are now in [use] in a number of establishments .

The situation at West Glamorgan was , however , very different , as in the first half of 1977 the other Welsh teacher-training institutions mounted a rescue operation to save its courses .
the situation at west glamorgan was , however , very different , as in the first half of 1977 the other welsh teacher-training institutions mounted a rescue [use] to save its courses .

Doors that swing inwards present the problem of curtain fabric interfering with the operation of the doors .
doors that swing inwards present the problem of curtain fabric interfering with the [use] of the doors .

Cut and join the widths of fabric , as for Lined Curtains ( page 41 ) , then shape the top of the two curtains in one operation as follows :
cut and join the widths of fabric , as for lined curtains ( page 41 ) , then shape the top of the two curtains in one [use] as follows :

At mating , in an operation never exactly described , the sexes are said to bring their genital openings into opposition and release their gametes .
at mating , in an [use] never exactly described , the sexes are said to bring their genital openings into opposition and release their gametes .

Dougal felt like a surgeon at the start of an operation which was doomed to failure .
dougal felt like a surgeon at the start of an [use] which was doomed to failure .

Brown himself was expelled from the Obstetrical Society in 1867 for failing to obtain the consent of his patients and their husbands to the operation , rather than for his methods per se .
brown himself was expelled from the obstetrical society in 1867 for failing to obtain the consent of his patients and their husbands to the [use] , rather than for his methods per se .

Thirdly , the application of the rules of natural justice , prior to the introduction of fairness , was not and never has been uniform in its operation .
thirdly , the application of the rules of natural justice , prior to the introduction of fairness , was not and never has been uniform in its [use] .

The Minister was empowered to direct a committee to investigate the operation of a milk marketing scheme ; if the committee reported to the Minister that the scheme was having an effect contrary to the interest of consumers and was not in the public interest , the Minister could , if he thought fit , amend the scheme .
the minister was empowered to direct a committee to investigate the [use] of a milk marketing scheme ; if the committee reported to the minister that the scheme was having an effect contrary to the interest of consumers and was not in the public interest , the minister could , if he thought fit , amend the scheme .

The important point about these immediate constraint is that they establish the scenario for the operation of the group .
the important point about these immediate constraint is that they establish the scenario for the [use] of the group .

In the physical world of production , numerous control systems are in operation .
in the physical world of production , numerous control systems are in [use] .

The inputs to any model of a business operation will have to include probabilistic elements , if the model is to be a reason-able representation of reality .
the inputs to any model of a business [use] will have to include probabilistic elements , if the model is to be a reason-able representation of reality .

An example of a custom built chip might be one designed to monitor the pressure in some continuous process operation such as steelmaking or papermaking , where the processor would fit into a particular part of the host plant .
an example of a custom built chip might be one designed to monitor the pressure in some continuous process [use] such as steelmaking or papermaking , where the processor would fit into a particular part of the host plant .

As information transmitted in binary form is so much faster than analogue signals , the full benefits of computer-based communication systems can only be gained when nations convert their existing telecommunications networks to digital operation .
as information transmitted in binary form is so much faster than analogue signals , the full benefits of computer-based communication systems can only be gained when nations convert their existing telecommunications networks to digital [use] .

Their main advantages for buyers are ( a ) price , which is significantly lower than in a retail operation , and ( b ) the opportunity to buy small bulk quantities .
their main advantages for buyers are ( a ) price , which is significantly lower than in a retail [use] , and ( b ) the opportunity to buy small bulk quantities .

These surveys are invariably undertaken by specialist research organizations , since the construction and administration of questionnaires is a highly skilled operation .
these surveys are invariably undertaken by specialist research organizations , since the construction and administration of questionnaires is a highly skilled [use] .

Here the underlying values of the organization 's top management come into operation .
here the underlying values of the organization 's top management come into [use] .

Much depends on the type of production , the relative standing of groups such as Quality Control , Purchasing and Maintenance , and the extent to which sophisticated computerised systems are in operation .
much depends on the type of production , the relative standing of groups such as quality control , purchasing and maintenance , and the extent to which sophisticated computerised systems are in [use] .

The jobbing , batch and mass production categories each have their own distinctive systems of operation , and their own problems of production planning and control .
the jobbing , batch and mass production categories each have their own distinctive systems of [use] , and their own problems of production planning and control .

Varied work layouts , depending on process and/or operation .
varied work layouts , depending on process and/or [use] .

Unlike the varied operations and sequences of the unique ‘ one-off ’ products of jobbing production , the products of batch production are dealt with systematically in lots , or batches , only moving on to the next operation , when each lot has been machined or processed in the current operation .
unlike the varied operations and sequences of the unique ‘ one-off ’ products of jobbing production , the products of batch production are dealt with systematically in lots , or batches , only moving on to the next [use] , when each lot has been machined or processed in the current [use] .

These characteristics lead to a generally well-controlled and efficient method of production , whose main disadvantage is the time-delay caused by the queueing effect of individual units waiting for the batch to be completed before moving on to the next operation .
these characteristics lead to a generally well-controlled and efficient method of production , whose main disadvantage is the time-delay caused by the queueing effect of individual units waiting for the batch to be completed before moving on to the next [use] .

This problem can be overcome by changing to an assembly line operation which is a prominent feature of flow production , or mass production , as it is commonly called .
this problem can be overcome by changing to an assembly line [use] which is a prominent feature of flow production , or mass production , as it is commonly called .

In a unit mass production system , a small range of products is produced in large quantities by ‘ flowing ’ uninterruptedly from one operation , or process , to the next until completion .
in a unit mass production system , a small range of products is produced in large quantities by ‘ flowing ’ uninterruptedly from one [use] , or process , to the next until completion .

Batch production can be relatively well planned and controlled , but queueing problems may arise when batches are ready to move on to the next operation .
batch production can be relatively well planned and controlled , but queueing problems may arise when batches are ready to move on to the next [use] .

But before Dalziel could begin his dismissal operation , Marcus forestalled him .
but before dalziel could begin his dismissal [use] , marcus forestalled him .

This was the first rule when an operation was over .
this was the first rule when an [use] was over .

Commonly , industrial licences are required and safety checks are made before a plant commences operation , and annual inspections are undertaken thereafter .
commonly , industrial licences are required and safety checks are made before a plant commences [use] , and annual inspections are undertaken thereafter .

In 1985 , capital expenditure for air pollution control was estimated to have cost industry $ 10.5 billion , with operation and maintenance costs at about the same level .
in 1985 , capital expenditure for air pollution control was estimated to have cost industry $ 10.5 billion , with [use] and maintenance costs at about the same level .

The engineering drawing itself accelerated this process , because projects carefully worked out in advance on paper could be carried out by many workers each doing a small repetitive part of the whole operation , perhaps in distant factories and workshops .
the engineering drawing itself accelerated this process , because projects carefully worked out in advance on paper could be carried out by many workers each doing a small repetitive part of the whole [use] , perhaps in distant factories and workshops .

The increase in the scale of operation also led to a search for further sources of raw materials and safe markets for corporate products .
the increase in the scale of [use] also led to a search for further sources of raw materials and safe markets for corporate products .

French studies have argued that this full state monopoly capitalist system did not come into operation until the 1930s .
french studies have argued that this full state monopoly capitalist system did not come into [use] until the 1930s .

It should be noted , however , that already with Schumpeter we have moved away from models based on the distinctiveness of the elite characteristic as an explanatory factor , to a lower-level operation which explicitly refers to realistic definitions rather than to explanations , and in which the model , such as it is , looks remarkably like a composite description of liberal democracy .
it should be noted , however , that already with schumpeter we have moved away from models based on the distinctiveness of the elite characteristic as an explanatory factor , to a lower-level [use] which explicitly refers to realistic definitions rather than to explanations , and in which the model , such as it is , looks remarkably like a composite description of liberal democracy .

The search would have to be illegal and secret — the sort of operation she knew Urquhart 's organisation carried out regularly under the generous blanket of ‘ national security ’ .
the search would have to be illegal and secret — the sort of [use] she knew urquhart 's organisation carried out regularly under the generous blanket of ‘ national security ’ .

‘ You will all be segregated for the duration of the operation , ’ Legion announced to the assembled Project Eden team .
‘ you will all be segregated for the duration of the [use] , ’ legion announced to the assembled project eden team .

With only four models in operation ( and of course in reality there are many more ) this kind of mismatch can take no fewer than twelve possible forms .
with only four models in [use] ( and of course in reality there are many more ) this kind of mismatch can take no fewer than twelve possible forms .

The government proposed the outlines of a new tax ( DoE , 1991 ) to come into operation in 1993– .
the government proposed the outlines of a new tax ( doe , 1991 ) to come into [use] in 1993– .

Contracts could be with a specialist unit outside the area , which would be able to keep its facility going by attracting patients needing that care and bringing with them the cash to pay for their operation .
contracts could be with a specialist unit outside the area , which would be able to keep its facility going by attracting patients needing that care and bringing with them the cash to pay for their [use] .

In more specialised units , each operation , episode or visit might be paid for separately .
in more specialised units , each [use] , episode or visit might be paid for separately .

Boswell is the one who tells us the legend of the seahorse from the lakes who devoured a man 's daughter , and was eventually trapped by the lure of a sow on a spit ; from Boswell we learn that of the hundred-strong little army the Laird of Raasay mustered , eighty-six came back from Culloden ; Boswell chronicles the ash and plane trees , the limestone rocks , the caves and their stalactites , the black cattle , the plover , the pigeons and blackcock , the rainfall , nine months in a year , the juniper , the peat , the belief in the existence of a gold mine , and the women wawking or waulking the tweed , a tedious operation where the tweed is rubbed over and through water in order to shrink and thicken it ( in the outer Hebrides they add their own urine to the vat , although Bozzie missed that one ) , and the women sang a worksong to accompany the rhythmic labour , and did not succeed in drowning out Johnson 's deep voice as he asked them questions .
boswell is the one who tells us the legend of the seahorse from the lakes who devoured a man 's daughter , and was eventually trapped by the lure of a sow on a spit ; from boswell we learn that of the hundred-strong little army the laird of raasay mustered , eighty-six came back from culloden ; boswell chronicles the ash and plane trees , the limestone rocks , the caves and their stalactites , the black cattle , the plover , the pigeons and blackcock , the rainfall , nine months in a year , the juniper , the peat , the belief in the existence of a gold mine , and the women wawking or waulking the tweed , a tedious [use] where the tweed is rubbed over and through water in order to shrink and thicken it ( in the outer hebrides they add their own urine to the vat , although bozzie missed that one ) , and the women sang a worksong to accompany the rhythmic labour , and did not succeed in drowning out johnson 's deep voice as he asked them questions .

Furthermore , although ‘ planned ’ convergence arising out of favourable political conditions in individual countries can not be excluded as a possibility , the economic costs inherent in any such operation are likely to be increased considerably in Latin America because of the formidable physical barriers to communications and trade with the Soviet Union .
furthermore , although ‘ planned ’ convergence arising out of favourable political conditions in individual countries can not be excluded as a possibility , the economic costs inherent in any such [use] are likely to be increased considerably in latin america because of the formidable physical barriers to communications and trade with the soviet union .

Against the Alan , as many as twenty tumans had been in operation , their movement co-ordinated with incredible accuracy .
against the alan , as many as twenty tumans had been in [use] , their movement co-ordinated with incredible accuracy .

The economy of the Khanate was not subject to shortages or even temporary deficiencies , for its operation was controlled by the law .
the economy of the khanate was not subject to shortages or even temporary deficiencies , for its [use] was controlled by the law .

If true , this would have implied either that the police had knowingly allowed a car that they thought was full of explosives to drive into and around the island , or that they were aware throughout the operation that the car was not dangerous . ( Ewing and Gearty , 1990:237 )
if true , this would have implied either that the police had knowingly allowed a car that they thought was full of explosives to drive into and around the island , or that they were aware throughout the [use] that the car was not dangerous . ( ewing and gearty , 1990:237 )

But , on the second day , the police mounted a paramilitary-style operation to clear the entrance forcibly .
but , on the second day , the police mounted a paramilitary-style [use] to clear the entrance forcibly .

The strikers ' blockade of Orgreave was a precisely planned operation , but the police responded , sending in riot squad reinforcements to match the 5,000 or more pickets , and that was the trigger for some of the worst violence of this lengthy dispute .
the strikers ' blockade of orgreave was a precisely planned [use] , but the police responded , sending in riot squad reinforcements to match the 5,000 or more pickets , and that was the trigger for some of the worst violence of this lengthy dispute .

Theirs , we are told , was ‘ a precisely planned operation ’ .
theirs , we are told , was ‘ a precisely planned [use] ’ .

An ideal type of their operation is offered in Figure 8.1 .
an ideal type of their [use] is offered in figure 8.1 .

The operation of news values constitutes the second set of pressures .
the [use] of news values constitutes the second set of pressures .

However , on Good Friday , gang members shot randomly into a street-corner crowd in South Central , killing a 19-year-old woman , and operation ‘ Hammer ’ was mobilised to finally snuff out the problem .
however , on good friday , gang members shot randomly into a street-corner crowd in south central , killing a 19-year-old woman , and [use] ‘ hammer ’ was mobilised to finally snuff out the problem .

It is indisputable that such obstacles as poor financing and staffing , and sustained police opposition have made them practically unworkable : ‘ typically the pressure of police unions and the operation of political manipulation has resulted in these Boards becoming inoperative edifices to the democratic principle , or at best fairly toothless bureaucracies ’ ( McKenzie and Gallagher , 1989:109 ) .
it is indisputable that such obstacles as poor financing and staffing , and sustained police opposition have made them practically unworkable : ‘ typically the pressure of police unions and the [use] of political manipulation has resulted in these boards becoming inoperative edifices to the democratic principle , or at best fairly toothless bureaucracies ’ ( mckenzie and gallagher , 1989:109 ) .

The recent provision of mobile , armed response units in the Metropolitan area , and police activities like Operation ‘ Kingfisher ’ suggest that Los Angeles-style ‘ street sweeps ’ are an alarming possibility .
the recent provision of mobile , armed response units in the metropolitan area , and police activities like [use] ‘ kingfisher ’ suggest that los angeles-style ‘ street sweeps ’ are an alarming possibility .

Soon everybody with a club foot would be entitled to a misconceived operation which would lead to an amputated leg ; but what did that signify ?
soon everybody with a club foot would be entitled to a misconceived [use] which would lead to an amputated leg ; but what did that signify ?

Max Black 's influential ‘ interaction ’ theory builds on Richards 's ideas and depicts metaphor as a complex operation in which one semantic field ‘ organizes ’ another , acting as a ‘ screen ’ or a ‘ network of lines ’ ( 1962:41 ) which ‘ filters and transforms ’ ( 42 ) in order to project onto the proper term an entire ‘ system of ‘ associated commonplaces ’ ' ( 41 ) .
max black 's influential ‘ interaction ’ theory builds on richards 's ideas and depicts metaphor as a complex [use] in which one semantic field ‘ organizes ’ another , acting as a ‘ screen ’ or a ‘ network of lines ’ ( 1962:41 ) which ‘ filters and transforms ’ ( 42 ) in order to project onto the proper term an entire ‘ system of ‘ associated commonplaces ’ ' ( 41 ) .

If we consider Out with respect to the conception of metaphor examined above , the desperate sputterings of the main character can be seen as active or ‘ verbal ’ in their metaphoric function : his discourse mobilizes and metaphorizes all others and has only tenuous links with any reality outside its field of operation .
if we consider out with respect to the conception of metaphor examined above , the desperate sputterings of the main character can be seen as active or ‘ verbal ’ in their metaphoric function : his discourse mobilizes and metaphorizes all others and has only tenuous links with any reality outside its field of [use] .

While undergoing an operation his heart has stopped , but he has come back to life after having been declared dead and deposited in a coffin .
while undergoing an [use] his heart has stopped , but he has come back to life after having been declared dead and deposited in a coffin .

Since his operation he has become emotionally distant from his family and friends .
since his [use] he has become emotionally distant from his family and friends .

She uses reversible metaphor to perform an integrative operation on this material , bringing it together in a mobile yet highly structured whole that turns around a small number of common patterns .
she uses reversible metaphor to perform an integrative [use] on this material , bringing it together in a mobile yet highly structured whole that turns around a small number of common patterns .

The voice of ‘ Cassandra Castratrix ’ is adopted strategically to perform an operation of creative mut ( il ) ation on the text of Herodotus .
the voice of ‘ cassandra castratrix ’ is adopted strategically to perform an [use] of creative mut ( il ) ation on the text of herodotus .

Scraton and Chadwick correctly identify the politics of marginalisation as an integral part of the operation of criminal justice , just as Hall et al .
scraton and chadwick correctly identify the politics of marginalisation as an integral part of the [use] of criminal justice , just as hall et al .

The length of time it has been operation will determine how much money she gets back , but it is unlikely to have made much of a profit , because endowments are designed to make money over a long period of time .
the length of time it has been [use] will determine how much money she gets back , but it is unlikely to have made much of a profit , because endowments are designed to make money over a long period of time .

The 1991 amateur circuit will kick off in traditional fashion with the Roehampton Gold Cup next month , while established tournaments like the Astor , Wentworth and Critchley Salvers , the St. Rule and Helen Holm Trophies , plus the ever-growing list of 36-hole ‘ open ’ tournaments , make life as an amateur a carefully planned operation .
the 1991 amateur circuit will kick off in traditional fashion with the roehampton gold cup next month , while established tournaments like the astor , wentworth and critchley salvers , the st. rule and helen holm trophies , plus the ever-growing list of 36-hole ‘ open ’ tournaments , make life as an amateur a carefully planned [use] .

Teach her to step into both shoes as one operation and then fasten each shoe as a second operation .
teach her to step into both shoes as one [use] and then fasten each shoe as a second [use] .

Now in its tenth year of operation , the Royal Society/SERC Industrial Fellowships Scheme was established with the primary aim of enhancing communication between academe and industry .
now in its tenth year of [use] , the royal society/serc industrial fellowships scheme was established with the primary aim of enhancing communication between academe and industry .

‘ We have now reshaped our lobbying and policy operation to ensure the needs of our 5500 member businesses are effectively researched and highlighted . ’
‘ we have now reshaped our lobbying and policy [use] to ensure the needs of our 5500 member businesses are effectively researched and highlighted . ’

Curt Fredrikson founded the Swedish Debt Surveillance operation , and has been Managing Director of the Swedish wing of Justitia since 1985 .
curt fredrikson founded the swedish debt surveillance [use] , and has been managing director of the swedish wing of justitia since 1985 .

Lord Joseph made two unsuccessful attempts to limit the national curriculum to a purely advisory role and to restrict its operation to the three core subjects .
lord joseph made two unsuccessful attempts to limit the national curriculum to a purely advisory role and to restrict its [use] to the three core subjects .

The bidding process began in the polytechnics in 1989 , coming into operation in 1990 , but the system will not be used in the universities until 1991/92 .
the bidding process began in the polytechnics in 1989 , coming into [use] in 1990 , but the system will not be used in the universities until 1991/92 .

In the first year of its operation only 5 per cent of polytechnic and college funding was allocated on the basis of competitive bidding , but the proportion is expected to be increased to 10 per cent in 1991 and further increases in subsequent years can be anticipated .
in the first year of its [use] only 5 per cent of polytechnic and college funding was allocated on the basis of competitive bidding , but the proportion is expected to be increased to 10 per cent in 1991 and further increases in subsequent years can be anticipated .

Scarman was critical of some of the methods employed by police forces , especially the use of special patrol groups in ‘ saturation swamp 81 ’ which involved considerable police presence and the operation of what were known as the ‘ sus laws ’ under which people can be stopped and searched simply on suspicion of misdemeanours .
scarman was critical of some of the methods employed by police forces , especially the use of special patrol groups in ‘ saturation swamp 81 ’ which involved considerable police presence and the [use] of what were known as the ‘ sus laws ’ under which people can be stopped and searched simply on suspicion of misdemeanours .

The Department of Health has established a Training Support Programme for training in other areas of work , and in 1988/89 , its first year of operation , the programme contributed £10 million to the cost of training 70,000 social care staff working with elderly people .
the department of health has established a training support programme for training in other areas of work , and in 1988/89 , its first year of [use] , the programme contributed £10 million to the cost of training 70,000 social care staff working with elderly people .

The House of Commons Social Services Committee has reported on the operation of the first twelve months of the new social security system .
the house of commons social services committee has reported on the [use] of the first twelve months of the new social security system .

Systems with ‘ gravity ’ hot water circuits can be improved by converting to fully-pumped operation ( ie , the pump drives round both the heating and the hot water circuits ) .
systems with ‘ gravity ’ hot water circuits can be improved by converting to fully-pumped [use] ( ie , the pump drives round both the heating and the hot water circuits ) .

There 's also D-Day , ‘ the mightiest invasion armada in history ’ , and Operation Barbarossa , Hitler 's ‘ greatest ground attack in history ’ against Russia in 1941 .
there 's also d-day , ‘ the mightiest invasion armada in history ’ , and [use] barbarossa , hitler 's ‘ greatest ground attack in history ’ against russia in 1941 .

Major and Mrs Holt 's Battlefield Tours are run with the efficiency of a military operation .
major and mrs holt 's battlefield tours are run with the efficiency of a military [use] .

Keep hands and feet well away from blades and rotors when machines are in operation .
keep hands and feet well away from blades and rotors when machines are in [use] .

Some form of automatic operation is vital if you 'll be leaving the greenhouse unattended for any length of time .
some form of automatic [use] is vital if you 'll be leaving the greenhouse unattended for any length of time .

Martin Bell is pleased to be back on the circuit , despite disappointing results early on after his knee operation
martin bell is pleased to be back on the circuit , despite disappointing results early on after his knee [use]

They went swiftly into operation , scrambling for seats on planes and pillows in resorts , while shops reordered from importers as their stocks of ski equipment sold out .
they went swiftly into [use] , scrambling for seats on planes and pillows in resorts , while shops reordered from importers as their stocks of ski equipment sold out .

Graham Bell and Ronald Duncan were two seconds off the pace , about 60 yards , and Martin Bell , still working up snow time after his knee operation , three seconds .
graham bell and ronald duncan were two seconds off the pace , about 60 yards , and martin bell , still working up snow time after his knee [use] , three seconds .

Marc Girardelli , six weeks out of training after a knee operation in September , was a pleased fourth at Sestriere .
marc girardelli , six weeks out of training after a knee [use] in september , was a pleased fourth at sestriere .

For , like the Falklands war ( only on a bigger scale ) , this can only be a one-off operation .
for , like the falklands war ( only on a bigger scale ) , this can only be a one-off [use] .

American troops were deployed more or less according to a plan , Operation 90–1002 , developed in the early-1980s to contain a southward thrust by the Soviet Union .
american troops were deployed more or less according to a plan , [use] 90–1002 , developed in the early-1980s to contain a southward thrust by the soviet union .

Over the first four years , the company projected an income growth from some £60,000 in the first year of operation to £555,000 by the fourth year .
over the first four years , the company projected an income growth from some £60,000 in the first year of [use] to £555,000 by the fourth year .

There is evidence to suggest that the most successful projects are pioneered by ‘ champions ’ , who not only sponsor the project proposal in the first place but manage the implementation phase and often the early stages of fully-fledged operation .
there is evidence to suggest that the most successful projects are pioneered by ‘ champions ’ , who not only sponsor the project proposal in the first place but manage the implementation phase and often the early stages of fully-fledged [use] .

Once a project has settled down into reasonably routine operation , it is useful to examine the pattern of achieved costs and benefits in the light of what was initial predictions .
once a project has settled down into reasonably routine [use] , it is useful to examine the pattern of achieved costs and benefits in the light of what was initial predictions .

The knowledge that a project is likely to be post-audited is useful for keeping management on its toes , not only in their evaluation of investment proposals but also in the implementation and operation of an investment programme .
the knowledge that a project is likely to be post-audited is useful for keeping management on its toes , not only in their evaluation of investment proposals but also in the implementation and [use] of an investment programme .

There are many ways in which the large scale of the Trust 's operation can be turned to the advantage of its conservation purposes .
there are many ways in which the large scale of the trust 's [use] can be turned to the advantage of its conservation purposes .

Public attention was focused on the force of nature as never before ; successful campaigns were launched to foot the vast bill for the clear-up operation .
public attention was focused on the force of nature as never before ; successful campaigns were launched to foot the vast bill for the clear-up [use] .

Hysterectomy ca n't be too bad : 96% of a group of Australian women who have had the operation say they are pleased to have had it , while 55% say they wish that they had had it sooner !
hysterectomy ca n't be too bad : 96% of a group of australian women who have had the [use] say they are pleased to have had it , while 55% say they wish that they had had it sooner !

The fact is , however , that it has helped both of them to survive difficult times : when he had a small operation , she was there ; when she was ill , he carried up the trays .
the fact is , however , that it has helped both of them to survive difficult times : when he had a small [use] , she was there ; when she was ill , he carried up the trays .

Bénezet had been in his service long enough to understand his own part in the operation in hand without having to be told .
bénezet had been in his service long enough to understand his own part in the [use] in hand without having to be told .

Large companies took over others and thus became more ‘ transnational ’ in operation .
large companies took over others and thus became more ‘ transnational ’ in [use] .

The Report from the Royal Commission on the Administration and Operation of the Contagious Diseases Acts , 1871 , pointed out that the ‘ decorous and wholesome ’ improvement in the manners and habits of the people was a direct result of expanded sanitary regulations .
the report from the royal commission on the administration and [use] of the contagious diseases acts , 1871 , pointed out that the ‘ decorous and wholesome ’ improvement in the manners and habits of the people was a direct result of expanded sanitary regulations .

Innovations are , after all , naturally and necessarily at risk , and can claim no exemption from the operation of market forces .
innovations are , after all , naturally and necessarily at risk , and can claim no exemption from the [use] of market forces .

They should understand the operation of some major transformations , and be able to interpret , and to produce , the diagrammatic forms ( both tree diagrams and brackets ) by which the deep and surface structures of sentences are conventionally represented .
they should understand the [use] of some major transformations , and be able to interpret , and to produce , the diagrammatic forms ( both tree diagrams and brackets ) by which the deep and surface structures of sentences are conventionally represented .

The lack of involvement by established business examination boards in the training activity ( especially in final testing and in-course monitoring ) suggests the possibility of over-subjective processes of central quality control in operation in some of the companies .
the lack of involvement by established business examination boards in the training activity ( especially in final testing and in-course monitoring ) suggests the possibility of over-subjective processes of central quality control in [use] in some of the companies .

The Wheatley Act remained in operation until 1933 ( though with a reduced subsidy ) and an indelible mark had been made on housing policy .
the wheatley act remained in [use] until 1933 ( though with a reduced subsidy ) and an indelible mark had been made on housing policy .

Fourth : new found techniques of operation .
fourth : new found techniques of [use] .

Almost at a stroke Government had moved town planning into a higher gear , with a national system of development control , ubiquitous in operation .
almost at a stroke government had moved town planning into a higher gear , with a national system of development control , ubiquitous in [use] .

The period continued in the 1950s with the operation of the planning system proving capable of responding to a range of local situations , before , in the 1960s , it had to cope with the pressures of a housing boom , commercial redevelopment , a feared city thrombosis through increase in traffic circulation , and renewed problems from regional disparities .
the period continued in the 1950s with the [use] of the planning system proving capable of responding to a range of local situations , before , in the 1960s , it had to cope with the pressures of a housing boom , commercial redevelopment , a feared city thrombosis through increase in traffic circulation , and renewed problems from regional disparities .

We then consider the objectives and operation of the post-war planning system .
we then consider the objectives and [use] of the post-war planning system .

The most significant development in this period was the profound shift in attitudes towards the State : against the exercise of public control and more sympathetic towards the operation of the free market .
the most significant development in this period was the profound shift in attitudes towards the state : against the exercise of public control and more sympathetic towards the [use] of the free market .

The Holfordian approach to civic design withered on the vine and the operation of planning for the most part relapsed into a much more mundane , bureaucratic system based on plan making and development control , guided by adherence to normative values and adherence to scientific criteria — ironically of the kind that Holford 's team in the ministry had drawn up .
the holfordian approach to civic design withered on the vine and the [use] of planning for the most part relapsed into a much more mundane , bureaucratic system based on plan making and development control , guided by adherence to normative values and adherence to scientific criteria — ironically of the kind that holford 's team in the ministry had drawn up .

By 1963 the first round of green belt submissions had been vetted by the Ministry and controls were in operation around most of our major cities .
by 1963 the first round of green belt submissions had been vetted by the ministry and controls were in [use] around most of our major cities .

It had n't been the greatest operation anyway , because it seemed that Jenner and Professor Liawski had some big argument around ‘ seventy-nine .
it had n't been the greatest [use] anyway , because it seemed that jenner and professor liawski had some big argument around ‘ seventy-nine .

‘ Turned over , raided , the whole operation . There was a van by the door and they were loading up the files , the contracts , documents , everything ; ’
‘ turned over , raided , the whole [use] . there was a van by the door and they were loading up the files , the contracts , documents , everything ; ’

With the age and general appearance of the driver and the obvious wealth behind the car itself Campion was sure it had to be either hard drugs or pornography , maybe a sweep operation somewhere and one of the fishes had struggled through the net .
with the age and general appearance of the driver and the obvious wealth behind the car itself campion was sure it had to be either hard drugs or pornography , maybe a sweep [use] somewhere and one of the fishes had struggled through the net .

It was this group that radioed the warning of Operation Blue , the attack on Stalingrad that led to Hitler 's biggest wartime disaster on the Russian Front .
it was this group that radioed the warning of [use] blue , the attack on stalingrad that led to hitler 's biggest wartime disaster on the russian front .

It was important that an operation of this magnitude had continuity .
it was important that an [use] of this magnitude had continuity .

Is this the full complement of men you 'll need for our next operation ?
is this the full complement of men you 'll need for our next [use] ?

‘ That 's what they called the operation .
‘ that 's what they called the [use] .

‘ Discount operation .
‘ discount [use] .

It was too soon for the operation to be taken away from Cardiff before he found out just what was going on in this hellish office block .
it was too soon for the [use] to be taken away from cardiff before he found out just what was going on in this hellish office block .

‘ You know that the code name for our operation is Darkfall .
‘ you know that the code name for our [use] is darkfall .

Barrett supervised this operation , while Miller and Golding , with Finch sitting in , questioned Ursula and Charlotte in the lounge .
barrett supervised this [use] , while miller and golding , with finch sitting in , questioned ursula and charlotte in the lounge .

The greatest problem , particularly for surgeons , is the patient whom an operation has not helped and who is now dying .
the greatest problem , particularly for surgeons , is the patient whom an [use] has not helped and who is now dying .

It was made clear to a friend of mine who was dying that he was not wanted on the ward , not through words but by the minimum care he was given after an unsuccessful operation and the refusal of any doctor to speak to him .
it was made clear to a friend of mine who was dying that he was not wanted on the ward , not through words but by the minimum care he was given after an unsuccessful [use] and the refusal of any doctor to speak to him .

His wife was asked , by a junior consultant who could give no information about the operation and its results , to take him home .
his wife was asked , by a junior consultant who could give no information about the [use] and its results , to take him home .

They wash them , help them perform the intimate functions of relieving bladder and bowels , change dressings on wounds , give medicine , help them take their first steps after an operation , make beds , waken them up , tell them to go to sleep , close their eyes when they die .
they wash them , help them perform the intimate functions of relieving bladder and bowels , change dressings on wounds , give medicine , help them take their first steps after an [use] , make beds , waken them up , tell them to go to sleep , close their eyes when they die .

The value of anticipatory mourning has been proved in hospital work , where patients who know in advance that they are going to have an operation which entails the loss of a breast , a testicle or a limb have an opportunity to talk before the operation about their fears and anxieties .
the value of anticipatory mourning has been proved in hospital work , where patients who know in advance that they are going to have an [use] which entails the loss of a breast , a testicle or a limb have an opportunity to talk before the [use] about their fears and anxieties .

Warehouse disciplines on such questions as house-keeping , stock stability , and systems operation have to be rigidly enforced .
warehouse disciplines on such questions as house-keeping , stock stability , and systems [use] have to be rigidly enforced .

Whilst under normal working there are no major disadvantages to a ‘ high-bay ’ system as compared with a more conventional operation , if something goes wrong the impact can be large .
whilst under normal working there are no major disadvantages to a ‘ high-bay ’ system as compared with a more conventional [use] , if something goes wrong the impact can be large .

In terms of tangible costs as expressed by conventional accounting the savings may not be dramatic when compared with conventional operation .
in terms of tangible costs as expressed by conventional accounting the savings may not be dramatic when compared with conventional [use] .

This section endeavours to identify the broad categories of ‘ high-bay ’ warehouse systems which are in use throughout the world and indicates typical sizes , layouts , construction and personnel employed in their operation .
this section endeavours to identify the broad categories of ‘ high-bay ’ warehouse systems which are in use throughout the world and indicates typical sizes , layouts , construction and personnel employed in their [use] .

Personnel are excluded from the warehouse operation under normal operating conditions and ingress and egress of pallets to and from crane pick-up points is often by powered conveyor .
personnel are excluded from the warehouse [use] under normal operating conditions and ingress and egress of pallets to and from crane pick-up points is often by powered conveyor .

In the event of break-down care is taken to isolate the unit from normal operation .
in the event of break-down care is taken to isolate the unit from normal [use] .

In addition to the provisions made for automatic operation , the ventilating system should be provided with the means for regular testing and should incorporate over-ride facilities to enable the ventilators to be manually operated under fire fighting conditions .
in addition to the provisions made for automatic [use] , the ventilating system should be provided with the means for regular testing and should incorporate over-ride facilities to enable the ventilators to be manually operated under fire fighting conditions .

New concepts in the operation of water protection systems call for new concepts in their supply and the arrangement of supply piping .
new concepts in the [use] of water protection systems call for new concepts in their supply and the arrangement of supply piping .

It would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further zones wee subsequently triggered .
it would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in [use] and to be reliably informed if further zones wee subsequently triggered .

This arrangement would facilitate indication of flow and could be used to identify the areas in which sprinkler heads were in operation .
this arrangement would facilitate indication of flow and could be used to identify the areas in which sprinkler heads were in [use] .

In the ultimate case , when considering premises designed totally for automatic operation , the use of electronic display panels and controls sited in suitably protected premises remote from the area of risk may have to be considered and in the case of multiple points the need for communication in order to co-ordinate the operation of controls would be needed to be assessed .
in the ultimate case , when considering premises designed totally for automatic [use] , the use of electronic display panels and controls sited in suitably protected premises remote from the area of risk may have to be considered and in the case of multiple points the need for communication in order to co-ordinate the [use] of controls would be needed to be assessed .

are capable of operation from ground level it may be possible to develop the means by which the progress and success of fire fighting might be judged by infra-red scanners mounted on them and providing readings or other indications to the control point .
are capable of [use] from ground level it may be possible to develop the means by which the progress and success of fire fighting might be judged by infra-red scanners mounted on them and providing readings or other indications to the control point .

Automatic fire fighting installations capable of achieving total control and extinguishment appear to be the only answer but because of the almost total reliance which must be placed on their automatic capability there appears to be a need for greater flexibility in use than totally automatic operation would provide , and particularly to ensure that an entire system is not rendered inoperative by some local effect .
automatic fire fighting installations capable of achieving total control and extinguishment appear to be the only answer but because of the almost total reliance which must be placed on their automatic capability there appears to be a need for greater flexibility in use than totally automatic [use] would provide , and particularly to ensure that an entire system is not rendered inoperative by some local effect .

The use of smoke vents will contribute , to some extent , to the reduction in level of smoke logging and will therefore aid Fire Brigade operation .
the use of smoke vents will contribute , to some extent , to the reduction in level of smoke logging and will therefore aid fire brigade [use] .

Where these heights are exceeded the storage will be considered Extra High Hazard High Piled Storage and the appropriate ‘ densities of water application ’ and ‘ areas of operation ’ for ceiling level protection are shown in the following tables extracted from the Fire Offices ' Committee Rules .
where these heights are exceeded the storage will be considered extra high hazard high piled storage and the appropriate ‘ densities of water application ’ and ‘ areas of [use] ’ for ceiling level protection are shown in the following tables extracted from the fire offices ' committee rules .

Design density of discharge and assumed areas of operation for high piled storage risks comprising free standing storage where roof or ceiling protection only is provided .
design density of discharge and assumed areas of [use] for high piled storage risks comprising free standing storage where roof or ceiling protection only is provided .

Design density of discharge and assumed area of operation for high piled storage risks comprising storage in single or double row post pallets or palletised rack storage ( beam pallet racking ) where roof or ceiling protection only is provided .
design density of discharge and assumed area of [use] for high piled storage risks comprising storage in single or double row post pallets or palletised rack storage ( beam pallet racking ) where roof or ceiling protection only is provided .

Intermediate level in-rack , sprinklers are required to operate at not less than 2 bar when the required assumed numbers are operating ; in addition , ceiling level protection will be required at the reduced rate of 7.5 mm/m over an area of operation of 260 m2 .
intermediate level in-rack , sprinklers are required to operate at not less than 2 bar when the required assumed numbers are operating ; in addition , ceiling level protection will be required at the reduced rate of 7.5 mm/m over an area of [use] of 260 m2 .

Separating doors , hatches , shutters should be given careful consideration and the method of operation related to the systems of detection , warning or similar techniques employed for emergency action .
separating doors , hatches , shutters should be given careful consideration and the method of [use] related to the systems of detection , warning or similar techniques employed for emergency action .

The zoned method of operation has also been utilised in the ‘ intermediate zoned system ’ , which operates in the same way as the detector-operated zoned system , but depends upon the secondary detector at the valve for its operation , the line detector being omitted .
the zoned method of [use] has also been utilised in the ‘ intermediate zoned system ’ , which operates in the same way as the detector-operated zoned system , but depends upon the secondary detector at the valve for its [use] , the line detector being omitted .

Adequate consultation between all such parties which ensure a clear understanding of the system of operation proposed and the likely risks does much to simplify the design of sprinkler systems and the need for other means of protection and alarm .
adequate consultation between all such parties which ensure a clear understanding of the system of [use] proposed and the likely risks does much to simplify the design of sprinkler systems and the need for other means of protection and alarm .

Whilst automatically operated high-bay warehouses tend to be designed to exclude personnel when in operation , special precautions have to be taken to ensure that unauthorized personnel do not gain access , notably with man-rider operated equipment .
whilst automatically operated high-bay warehouses tend to be designed to exclude personnel when in [use] , special precautions have to be taken to ensure that unauthorized personnel do not gain access , notably with man-rider operated equipment .

Whenever liquids or greases are used during maintenance , all excess spillages must be cleared up as quickly as possible and before the equipment is put back into operation .
whenever liquids or greases are used during maintenance , all excess spillages must be cleared up as quickly as possible and before the equipment is put back into [use] .

Flame height at operation of the system .
flame height at [use] of the system .

In other words , the routine operation of reason is not just a matter of routine .
in other words , the routine [use] of reason is not just a matter of routine .

the operation of inserting the printed pages , sections or signatures of a book in the correct order for binding .
the [use] of inserting the printed pages , sections or signatures of a book in the correct order for binding .

Producing a magazine or newsletter by traditional methods is , simply because of the nature of the beast , a time consuming operation .
producing a magazine or newsletter by traditional methods is , simply because of the nature of the beast , a time consuming [use] .

It describes perfectly what the operation entails ; you can publish material from a normal office desk .
it describes perfectly what the [use] entails ; you can publish material from a normal office desk .

Colour printing is a very precise operation and Illustrator will control the angle and density of the halftone screen required to produce the final image .
colour printing is a very precise [use] and illustrator will control the angle and density of the halftone screen required to produce the final image .

In operation it reminded me strongly of Supercalc , having no immediate on-screen command line , while in concept is seems not unlike Report Manager with its ability to slice data through a model .
in [use] it reminded me strongly of supercalc , having no immediate on-screen command line , while in concept is seems not unlike report manager with its ability to slice data through a model .

Once in operation the extra keys f1 and f2 selected the lower and upper keywords printed on the keytops , a neat idea and one which saves playing octaves across the keys to reach both Shift and Symbol Shift . The legends are screen-printed on , that 's one better than stick-on , but so badly done in some cases that it 's a toss up as to which is the worst method !
once in [use] the extra keys f1 and f2 selected the lower and upper keywords printed on the keytops , a neat idea and one which saves playing octaves across the keys to reach both shift and symbol shift . the legends are screen-printed on , that 's one better than stick-on , but so badly done in some cases that it 's a toss up as to which is the worst method !

Once the outlines for the pages have been set up using a system of ‘ style sheets ’ text and graphics are merged in a single operation .
once the outlines for the pages have been set up using a system of ‘ style sheets ’ text and graphics are merged in a single [use] .

Desktop Publisher certainly was n't the first newsletter to be produced using computers , many titles are word processed , nor was it the first publication to be desktop published , that honour probably goes to The Wordsmith , but we were the first newsletter to specialise on desktop publishing ! Further , we were almost certainly the first publishing operation set up from scratch to capitalise on the new technology .
desktop publisher certainly was n't the first newsletter to be produced using computers , many titles are word processed , nor was it the first publication to be desktop published , that honour probably goes to the wordsmith , but we were the first newsletter to specialise on desktop publishing ! further , we were almost certainly the first publishing [use] set up from scratch to capitalise on the new technology .

Setting up an in-house electronic publishing operation takes rather more effort than most potential users seem to realise .
setting up an in-house electronic publishing [use] takes rather more effort than most potential users seem to realise .

Probably the most famous , if short-lived , desktop publishing operation was Eddy Shah 's Post which combined Talbot 's NewsWrite editorial front end with Aldus PageMaker at the back to create a national daily newspaper .
probably the most famous , if short-lived , desktop publishing [use] was eddy shah 's post which combined talbot 's newswrite editorial front end with aldus pagemaker at the back to create a national daily newspaper .

However , the results are achieved by one person in a single , continuous operation rather than by several skilled people performing disparate tasks .
however , the results are achieved by one person in a single , continuous [use] rather than by several skilled people performing disparate tasks .

However , they are very , very slow in operation and , whilst interesting novelties , are difficult to take seriously .
however , they are very , very slow in [use] and , whilst interesting novelties , are difficult to take seriously .

However , as Tony Gamble points out , once the system is in you can do anything on it and , instead of being a ‘ cost per page ’ its operation simply becomes another overhead .
however , as tony gamble points out , once the system is in you can do anything on it and , instead of being a ‘ cost per page ’ its [use] simply becomes another overhead .

Describing the operation of a spreadsheet is never easy .
describing the [use] of a spreadsheet is never easy .

’ and , if you 've ever wondered what would happen to your profits on a certain operation if your costs went up by 5 % , you should know only too well the problems in working it out by hand .
’ and , if you 've ever wondered what would happen to your profits on a certain [use] if your costs went up by 5 % , you should know only too well the problems in working it out by hand .

In his pocket he found a screwdriver and inspected the narrow end as if he were a surgeon about to perform a delicate operation .
in his pocket he found a screwdriver and inspected the narrow end as if he were a surgeon about to perform a delicate [use] .

‘ The operation takes less than fifteen minutes .
‘ the [use] takes less than fifteen minutes .

‘ The prisoners are picked for the operation according to the severity of their crime .
‘ the prisoners are picked for the [use] according to the severity of their crime .

It also makes the operation easier .
it also makes the [use] easier .

For example , if a decision is made to build a factory , it might be years before the building is erected , equipped and in operation , and years more before it earns sufficient profits to pay back the investment .
for example , if a decision is made to build a factory , it might be years before the building is erected , equipped and in [use] , and years more before it earns sufficient profits to pay back the investment .

If an efficient control system is in operation , responsibility and accountability will be monitored at all levels of the management hierarchy , and the ‘ dangers ’ of relinquishing authority and control to subordinates are significantly lessened ; and
if an efficient control system is in [use] , responsibility and accountability will be monitored at all levels of the management hierarchy , and the ‘ dangers ’ of relinquishing authority and control to subordinates are significantly lessened ; and

His father had decided while his son was still very young to give him instruction in using a steerage-drill , a machine to drill or sow the corn : this was an operation that demanded a high degree of skill and also care not to jeopardize one 's own reputation because any mistake one made in the drilling would be visible to all when the crop came up .
his father had decided while his son was still very young to give him instruction in using a steerage-drill , a machine to drill or sow the corn : this was an [use] that demanded a high degree of skill and also care not to jeopardize one 's own reputation because any mistake one made in the drilling would be visible to all when the crop came up .

Gavin had a look of concentration on his face now , as though two parts of his brain were attempting the tricky and little-practised operation of communicating with each other .
gavin had a look of concentration on his face now , as though two parts of his brain were attempting the tricky and little-practised [use] of communicating with each other .

We were in Mrs Mackintosh 's Tea Roomes , just off West Nile Street , surrounded by straightly pendulous light fitments , graph-paper pierced wooden screens , and ladder-back seats which turned my usual procedure of hanging my coat or jacket on the rear of the seat into an operation that resembled hoisting a flag up a tall mast .
we were in mrs mackintosh 's tea roomes , just off west nile street , surrounded by straightly pendulous light fitments , graph-paper pierced wooden screens , and ladder-back seats which turned my usual procedure of hanging my coat or jacket on the rear of the seat into an [use] that resembled hoisting a flag up a tall mast .

He died in Guy 's Hospital , London , 19 January 1930 , following an operation to cure an attack of jaundice .
he died in guy 's hospital , london , 19 january 1930 , following an [use] to cure an attack of jaundice .

She was critical of what she called ‘ strong-minded women ’ , who went in for stridency and useless eccentricity , preferring the ‘ sound-minded women … who can take a journey by railway without an escort , who can stand by a friend through a surgical operation , and who yet wear ordinary bonnets and carry medium-sized umbrellas ’ .
she was critical of what she called ‘ strong-minded women ’ , who went in for stridency and useless eccentricity , preferring the ‘ sound-minded women … who can take a journey by railway without an escort , who can stand by a friend through a surgical [use] , and who yet wear ordinary bonnets and carry medium-sized umbrellas ’ .

At the end of the year he was made second in command of a naval expedition to West Africa , a joint operation mounted by the Guinea Company and the Crown .
at the end of the year he was made second in command of a naval expedition to west africa , a joint [use] mounted by the guinea company and the crown .

He took part in the ensuing operation at Santa Cruz in April , in which the entire plate fleet was destroyed .
he took part in the ensuing [use] at santa cruz in april , in which the entire plate fleet was destroyed .

to approve a copper coinage scheme for Ireland which was put into operation in 1601 , though he was not able to secure a monopoly for its production .
to approve a copper coinage scheme for ireland which was put into [use] in 1601 , though he was not able to secure a monopoly for its production .

It is reported that he never performed an operation without washing his hands .
it is reported that he never performed an [use] without washing his hands .

After a second operation in January 1945 he nevertheless visited Washington in connection with the Far Eastern war and , although dying , he wrote a scientific paper for the sixtieth-birthday tribute to Niels Bohr .
after a second [use] in january 1945 he nevertheless visited washington in connection with the far eastern war and , although dying , he wrote a scientific paper for the sixtieth-birthday tribute to niels bohr .

In 1903 he sold four sets of kites to the Admiralty ; in 1905 the army ordered kites , and engaged Cody to instruct the Royal Engineers in their operation .
in 1903 he sold four sets of kites to the admiralty ; in 1905 the army ordered kites , and engaged cody to instruct the royal engineers in their [use] .

During the revolutionary period in France , following the fall of Louis Philippe in 1848 , Buddicom struggled valiantly to keep the railway in operation despite considerable physical danger to himself and to his family .
during the revolutionary period in france , following the fall of louis philippe in 1848 , buddicom struggled valiantly to keep the railway in [use] despite considerable physical danger to himself and to his family .

The scope of the operation which enabled Smith to achieve this position was complex and wide-ranging .
the scope of the [use] which enabled smith to achieve this position was complex and wide-ranging .

Their son joined the army and died after an appendix operation .
their son joined the army and died after an appendix [use] .

Whilst a strong advocate of improving the steam locomotive to the maximum degree possible , Gresley also tested diesel locomotives and railcars and realized that the future for main-line railway operation lay with electric traction when capital resources were available .
whilst a strong advocate of improving the steam locomotive to the maximum degree possible , gresley also tested diesel locomotives and railcars and realized that the future for main-line railway [use] lay with electric traction when capital resources were available .

In 1875 Sykes achieved one of the greatest advances in railway safety in operation with his ‘ lock and block ’ system .
in 1875 sykes achieved one of the greatest advances in railway safety in [use] with his ‘ lock and block ’ system .

It was very simple , efficient , and reliable in operation , with the minor disadvantage that the vaporizer required preheating for a few minutes before the engine could be started ; when running , it retained sufficient heat to ignite the injected fuel .
it was very simple , efficient , and reliable in [use] , with the minor disadvantage that the vaporizer required preheating for a few minutes before the engine could be started ; when running , it retained sufficient heat to ignite the injected fuel .

This experience , acquired in an age when the chemist was regarded as an expert only in a special field , turned Davis into a generalist and made him realize that the enormous variety of industrial chemical processes could be reduced to a relatively small number of operations , and that the study of these in the abstract would enable general principles to be discovered which could be applied to any process operation — the keystone of chemical engineering .
this experience , acquired in an age when the chemist was regarded as an expert only in a special field , turned davis into a generalist and made him realize that the enormous variety of industrial chemical processes could be reduced to a relatively small number of operations , and that the study of these in the abstract would enable general principles to be discovered which could be applied to any process [use] — the keystone of chemical engineering .

He died of heart failure under anaesthetic during a routine operation 27 September 1917 in Brighton .
he died of heart failure under anaesthetic during a routine [use] 27 september 1917 in brighton .

It rapidly demonstrated its power and haulage capacity despite teething troubles , and 140 of these and a slightly smaller variant transformed train operation over most of the steam-worked Southern lines .
it rapidly demonstrated its power and haulage capacity despite teething troubles , and 140 of these and a slightly smaller variant transformed train [use] over most of the steam-worked southern lines .

After qualifying as an apothecary in 1832 , he was appointed medical officer to the General Hospital in Bath , where he spent three years before his health broke down and he went to London for an operation .
after qualifying as an apothecary in 1832 , he was appointed medical officer to the general hospital in bath , where he spent three years before his health broke down and he went to london for an [use] .

The operation of the system is strikingly instanced in the secret visit to London of James Butler , Marquess ( later Duke ) of Ormonde [ q.v . ]
the [use] of the system is strikingly instanced in the secret visit to london of james butler , marquess ( later duke ) of ormonde [ q.v . ]

It has three main aims : the first is the democratic process of involving people in thinking , dealing , planning and playing an active part in the development and operation of services that affect their daily lives : the second relates to the value for personal fulfilment of belonging to a community : the third is concerned with the need in community planning to think of actual people in their relation to other people and the satisfaction of their needs as persons rather than to focus attention upon a series of separate needs and problems .
it has three main aims : the first is the democratic process of involving people in thinking , dealing , planning and playing an active part in the development and [use] of services that affect their daily lives : the second relates to the value for personal fulfilment of belonging to a community : the third is concerned with the need in community planning to think of actual people in their relation to other people and the satisfaction of their needs as persons rather than to focus attention upon a series of separate needs and problems .

In the bitter climate of the 1980s , the organisation , operation and quality of trade union education are hardly likely to be decisive .
in the bitter climate of the 1980s , the organisation , [use] and quality of trade union education are hardly likely to be decisive .

Transmission of shares by operation of law
transmission of shares by [use] of law

The Act recognises that shares may be transmitted by operation of law and that , when this occurs , the prohibition on registering unless a proper instrument of transfer has been delivered does not apply .
the act recognises that shares may be transmitted by [use] of law and that , when this occurs , the prohibition on registering unless a proper instrument of transfer has been delivered does not apply .

The company may suffer because , as we have seen , unless such rights have been most carefully drafted , they will not come into operation so long as no action regarding registration is taken by the personal representative and because , if the company had only two members and directors , the death of one may mean that no quorate meetings can be held , and the company may face a petition to wind it up .
the company may suffer because , as we have seen , unless such rights have been most carefully drafted , they will not come into [use] so long as no action regarding registration is taken by the personal representative and because , if the company had only two members and directors , the death of one may mean that no quorate meetings can be held , and the company may face a petition to wind it up .

Hence subsections ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) of section 183 ( relating to the need for written transfers , except when the transmission is by operation of law , and to the recognition of personal representatives ) expressly apply .
hence subsections ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) of section 183 ( relating to the need for written transfers , except when the transmission is by [use] of law , and to the recognition of personal representatives ) expressly apply .

In contrast to consensual security interests are those security interests that arise by operation of law .
in contrast to consensual security interests are those security interests that arise by [use] of law .

The classification of this category is not free from difficulty but it includes at least a common law lien and a lien arising by operation of law .
the classification of this category is not free from difficulty but it includes at least a common law lien and a lien arising by [use] of law .

Fifth , is the security interest one that is created by the act of the parties or is it one created by operation of law ?
fifth , is the security interest one that is created by the act of the parties or is it one created by [use] of law ?

Charge is defined as any form of security interest not arising by operation of law and property is defined as including future property .
charge is defined as any form of security interest not arising by [use] of law and property is defined as including future property .

Charges arising by operation of law ( to be contrasted with those created by the company ) fall into this category .
charges arising by [use] of law ( to be contrasted with those created by the company ) fall into this category .

The importance that the Government place on this section is shown by the fact that it was among the first provisions of the 1989 Act to be brought into operation and the regulations made under it were among the first to be published .
the importance that the government place on this section is shown by the fact that it was among the first provisions of the 1989 act to be brought into [use] and the regulations made under it were among the first to be published .

Oliver said : ‘ We call it Operation Shoestring . ’
oliver said : ‘ we call it [use] shoestring . ’

If it can not be shown that the person uttering the remarks intended to induce his victim to believe that he was about to engage in violence himself , or intended to provoke the object of his remarks into using unlawful violence , what will be termed here the objective conditions come into operation .
if it can not be shown that the person uttering the remarks intended to induce his victim to believe that he was about to engage in violence himself , or intended to provoke the object of his remarks into using unlawful violence , what will be termed here the objective conditions come into [use] .

As with the offence under section 4 , domestic disputes are excluded from the operation of the section and the private dwelling exemption also applies in this context .
as with the offence under section 4 , domestic disputes are excluded from the [use] of the section and the private dwelling exemption also applies in this context .

Nor does the fact that notice has been given confer any immunity on the participants from the operation of the general criminal law .
nor does the fact that notice has been given confer any immunity on the participants from the [use] of the general criminal law .

There is likely to be some uncertainty in the initial months of the operation of the Act as to whether or not any particular procession is commonly or customarily held .
there is likely to be some uncertainty in the initial months of the [use] of the act as to whether or not any particular procession is commonly or customarily held .

Fair and accurate reports of proceedings in Parliament are expressly exempted from the operation of this Part of the Act , which also does not apply :
fair and accurate reports of proceedings in parliament are expressly exempted from the [use] of this part of the act , which also does not apply :

One element common to all forms of the offence is that the forbidden conduct must take place when the policeman is acting ‘ in the execution of his duty , ’ which raises the questions ; what duties are imposed upon a policeman , and how do they come to be imposed for these purposes ? The broad answers are that the duties of the policeman are manifold , and they arise both by the operation of statute and the common law .
one element common to all forms of the offence is that the forbidden conduct must take place when the policeman is acting ‘ in the execution of his duty , ’ which raises the questions ; what duties are imposed upon a policeman , and how do they come to be imposed for these purposes ? the broad answers are that the duties of the policeman are manifold , and they arise both by the [use] of statute and the common law .

You might be wondering why a word mask merely reduces rather than eliminates the word-superiority effect , since it effectively short-circuits the operation of the target word 's detector .
you might be wondering why a word mask merely reduces rather than eliminates the word-superiority effect , since it effectively short-circuits the [use] of the target word 's detector .

Further information about the operation of context effects in auditory word recognition can be obtained by examining the relationship between detection latencies and the position of the word in the context .
further information about the [use] of context effects in auditory word recognition can be obtained by examining the relationship between detection latencies and the position of the word in the context .

The frequency with which the operation is carried out depends upon the plants involved and the compost or soil in which they were originally planted , but its need becomes apparent when the leaves of the plant become yellowish and get progressively smaller , and the blooms are of poor colour and with few petals .
the frequency with which the [use] is carried out depends upon the plants involved and the compost or soil in which they were originally planted , but its need becomes apparent when the leaves of the plant become yellowish and get progressively smaller , and the blooms are of poor colour and with few petals .

National Politics in Operation
national politics in [use]

In the day-to-day operation of the political system the relationship between policy-making executive and elected assembly is of central importance .
in the day-to-day [use] of the political system the relationship between policy-making executive and elected assembly is of central importance .

Finally , there has been a great deal of direct action , from the blockading of clinics by groups like Operation Rescue to prevent women from gaining access , to the bombings of clinics in the mid-1980s by groups like the Army of God .
finally , there has been a great deal of direct action , from the blockading of clinics by groups like [use] rescue to prevent women from gaining access , to the bombings of clinics in the mid-1980s by groups like the army of god .

States should abandon national economic protectionism in favour of international free trade , for unimpeded operation of the market , it was claimed , was the key to global prosperity and hence conducive to peace .
states should abandon national economic protectionism in favour of international free trade , for unimpeded [use] of the market , it was claimed , was the key to global prosperity and hence conducive to peace .

The development of a global economy dominated by the operation of transnational corporate capital , and the complex issues associated with global environmental change , suggest the need for management at the global level .
the development of a global economy dominated by the [use] of transnational corporate capital , and the complex issues associated with global environmental change , suggest the need for management at the global level .

As the feminist and structuralist critiques remind us , liberal pluralist models also fail adequately to conceptualize political and economic power , and the patterns of inequality that result from its operation .
as the feminist and structuralist critiques remind us , liberal pluralist models also fail adequately to conceptualize political and economic power , and the patterns of inequality that result from its [use] .

If the auditor wishes to place reliance on any internal controls , he should ascertain and evaluate those controls and perform compliance tests on their operation .
if the auditor wishes to place reliance on any internal controls , he should ascertain and evaluate those controls and perform compliance tests on their [use] .

Spatial variations in rates of operation of geomorphological processes
spatial variations in rates of [use] of geomorphological processes

‘ While climatic geomorphology proper might be seen as a valuable adjunct to applied pedology and applied ecology in understanding the operation of landscape systems at the present , climato-genetic geomorphology ( Büdel , 1963 ) which relies on the principle of actualism in historical studies is less readily tenable … Geomorphological understanding has not been helped by the educational device of splitting geomorphology into two simple categories of climatic geomorphology and structural geomorphology which obscures the subtle interdependence between structural and climatic influences on landforms ’
‘ while climatic geomorphology proper might be seen as a valuable adjunct to applied pedology and applied ecology in understanding the [use] of landscape systems at the present , climato-genetic geomorphology ( büdel , 1963 ) which relies on the principle of actualism in historical studies is less readily tenable … geomorphological understanding has not been helped by the educational device of splitting geomorphology into two simple categories of climatic geomorphology and structural geomorphology which obscures the subtle interdependence between structural and climatic influences on landforms ’

The realist approach , although developed as an extension of the functional positivist approach , attempted to probe beyond the relationships derived from observed regularities and to seek the mechanisms and underlying structures which are responsible for the operation of environmental processes .
the realist approach , although developed as an extension of the functional positivist approach , attempted to probe beyond the relationships derived from observed regularities and to seek the mechanisms and underlying structures which are responsible for the [use] of environmental processes .

It is an impossibly restricted view , therefore , to imagine a universal approach to landform study being based only upon consideration of historical development … the physical and the resulting psychological , inability of geographers to handle successfully the simultaneous operation of a number of causes contributing to a given effect has been one of the greatest impediments to the advancement of their discipline .
it is an impossibly restricted view , therefore , to imagine a universal approach to landform study being based only upon consideration of historical development … the physical and the resulting psychological , inability of geographers to handle successfully the simultaneous [use] of a number of causes contributing to a given effect has been one of the greatest impediments to the advancement of their discipline .

It was primarily concerned with the control mechanisms in systems and with communication processes which determine their successful operation , and part of its mathematical basis is found in information theory ( Holt-Jensen , 1981 ) .
it was primarily concerned with the control mechanisms in systems and with communication processes which determine their successful [use] , and part of its mathematical basis is found in information theory ( holt-jensen , 1981 ) .

In analysis , attention has been accorded to the structure of the system , its behaviour which involves energy transfer , its boundaries , its environment , its state whether transient or equilibrium , and its parameters which are unaffected by the operation of the system .
in analysis , attention has been accorded to the structure of the system , its behaviour which involves energy transfer , its boundaries , its environment , its state whether transient or equilibrium , and its parameters which are unaffected by the [use] of the system .

Approaches to hydrological model building have been either via physical hydrology , which is the investigation of the components of the hydrological cycle to achieve a full understanding of the mechanisms and interactions involved , or by systems synthesis investigations , which attempted a complete simulation of drainage basin operation by adjusting the components and the parameters of the model until outputs from the model agreed with empirical results from known inputs .
approaches to hydrological model building have been either via physical hydrology , which is the investigation of the components of the hydrological cycle to achieve a full understanding of the mechanisms and interactions involved , or by systems synthesis investigations , which attempted a complete simulation of drainage basin [use] by adjusting the components and the parameters of the model until outputs from the model agreed with empirical results from known inputs .

One , or both , of them could easily have opted to give Daine a hot lead push and taken the operation over .
one , or both , of them could easily have opted to give daine a hot lead push and taken the [use] over .

It was the kind of operation that needed a squad of policemen with metal detectors to carry out .
it was the kind of [use] that needed a squad of policemen with metal detectors to carry out .

In addition , the Porkkala base was relinquished many years after Finland re-established the independent operation of her internal political processes .
in addition , the porkkala base was relinquished many years after finland re-established the independent [use] of her internal political processes .

Therefore , it is dangerous to try to explain present-day landforms merely by the operation of present processes of erosion acting over very long periods of time .
therefore , it is dangerous to try to explain present-day landforms merely by the [use] of present processes of erosion acting over very long periods of time .

a police or a medical operation .
a police or a medical [use] .

Essentially this document brings a process which has been in operation since 1980 into line with the accreditation agreement with the Council .
essentially this document brings a process which has been in [use] since 1980 into line with the accreditation agreement with the council .

Besides owning the data , Registry staff have considerable control over the operation of the student management system .
besides owning the data , registry staff have considerable control over the [use] of the student management system .

For registry staff to monitor effectively the accuracy and completeness of this operation requires detailed record-keeping and effortless access to data .
for registry staff to monitor effectively the accuracy and completeness of this [use] requires detailed record-keeping and effortless access to data .

The operation itself is usually purely formal , and only just stirs up enough dust to make you cough a little , but it is a sign that you belong to the higher or fit-to-be-dusted classes .
the [use] itself is usually purely formal , and only just stirs up enough dust to make you cough a little , but it is a sign that you belong to the higher or fit-to-be-dusted classes .

In the United States many of the jobs performed by women in Europe continued to be done by men , as John Droege indicated in his instructions for station operation in his Passenger Terminals of 1916 , although black women often performed cleaning tasks .
in the united states many of the jobs performed by women in europe continued to be done by men , as john droege indicated in his instructions for station [use] in his passenger terminals of 1916 , although black women often performed cleaning tasks .

The building and then the operation of the railways created a vast new industry , which provided work across the whole range of employment grades .
the building and then the [use] of the railways created a vast new industry , which provided work across the whole range of employment grades .

Backwards and forwards the engine passes , increasing its load at each operation , until behind its tender it may have a string of vehicles more than two hundred yards in length with a brake van in the rear .
backwards and forwards the engine passes , increasing its load at each [use] , until behind its tender it may have a string of vehicles more than two hundred yards in length with a brake van in the rear .

That pattern has continued : a majority of the centres now in operation are run by the local authority , and the rest are independent , many either run by or associated with Shelter .
that pattern has continued : a majority of the centres now in [use] are run by the local authority , and the rest are independent , many either run by or associated with shelter .

The objective of the operation of the power to grant waivers was to produce harmonious relations between lawyers and to ensure that the roles of the ‘ public ’ and ‘ private ’ sectors of the profession continued broadly to complement one another .
the objective of the [use] of the power to grant waivers was to produce harmonious relations between lawyers and to ensure that the roles of the ‘ public ’ and ‘ private ’ sectors of the profession continued broadly to complement one another .

In January 1986 , the government appointed a team of officials ‘ to consider the determinants of expenditure on the legal aid scheme by looking at its operation and administration in practice , and make recommendations .
in january 1986 , the government appointed a team of officials ‘ to consider the determinants of expenditure on the legal aid scheme by looking at its [use] and administration in practice , and make recommendations .

the administration of the legal aid system should be reorganised to ensure that the systems were simple , that there were clear lines of responsibility and that one organisation had clear overall responsibility for the operation of legal aid and advice .
the administration of the legal aid system should be reorganised to ensure that the systems were simple , that there were clear lines of responsibility and that one organisation had clear overall responsibility for the [use] of legal aid and advice .

Therefore , we consider first the operation of the legal aid scheme .
therefore , we consider first the [use] of the legal aid scheme .

Stanfords map and travel bookshop in Covent Garden , London , has installed a computer system to manage its day-to-day sales and stock as well as its worldwide mail order operation and catalogue production .
stanfords map and travel bookshop in covent garden , london , has installed a computer system to manage its day-to-day sales and stock as well as its worldwide mail order [use] and catalogue production .

Of course , the poor individual buyer is the one who loses out in this sort of operation .
of course , the poor individual buyer is the one who loses out in this sort of [use] .

Operation Shylock Philip Roth ( Cape , March , £15.99 ) .
[use] shylock philip roth ( cape , march , £15.99 ) .

It can be assumed that m in Figure 6.2 ( b ) has acquired its synchronous rotation through the operation of such forces .
it can be assumed that m in figure 6.2 ( b ) has acquired its synchronous rotation through the [use] of such forces .

Some care plans ( Dudley and Bedfordshire , for example ) appear to have assimilated the approach because they state that it is already in operation , as directed by the circular , and only requires minor adjustments , if any :
some care plans ( dudley and bedfordshire , for example ) appear to have assimilated the approach because they state that it is already in [use] , as directed by the circular , and only requires minor adjustments , if any :

Parliament , it was said , could not have intended , despite the clearly expressed intention to the contrary , to have given the exclusion so limited an operation , for that would have been of very little assistance to the police .
parliament , it was said , could not have intended , despite the clearly expressed intention to the contrary , to have given the exclusion so limited an [use] , for that would have been of very little assistance to the police .

This means that any examination of the details of its terms must be tempered by a consideration of whether or how they might be brought into operation .
this means that any examination of the details of its terms must be tempered by a consideration of whether or how they might be brought into [use] .

They had met there before for face-to-face debriefings during Operation Steeplechase , and the routine was always the same .
they had met there before for face-to-face debriefings during [use] steeplechase , and the routine was always the same .

‘ You 're going in there to observe the effect of Operation El Dorado Canyon , ’ he said .
‘ you 're going in there to observe the effect of [use] el dorado canyon , ’ he said .

We could have gotten the hostages out any damn time we wanted to [ Coleman insists ] , but nobody was willing to rock the boat with a rescue operation .
we could have gotten the hostages out any damn time we wanted to [ coleman insists ] , but nobody was willing to rock the boat with a rescue [use] .

Okay , so we could n't afford to compromise the Asmar network with a rescue operation , but there was another reason , too , why we had to leave them where they were .
okay , so we could n't afford to compromise the asmar network with a rescue [use] , but there was another reason , too , why we had to leave them where they were .

Secondly , the complaint charged that the government had been ‘ negligent in supervising and controlling an operation utilizing criminals , terrorists and terrorist sympathizers at various locations , including Frankfurt Rhein-Main airport , which circumvented all baggage security controls and which was utilized by a terrorist organization to place the bomb on Flight 103 ’ .
secondly , the complaint charged that the government had been ‘ negligent in supervising and controlling an [use] utilizing criminals , terrorists and terrorist sympathizers at various locations , including frankfurt rhein-main airport , which circumvented all baggage security controls and which was utilized by a terrorist organization to place the bomb on flight 103 ’ .

The report went on : ‘ Operation Corea worked like this .
the report went on : ‘ [use] corea worked like this .

While Hurley remained preoccupied with inter-agency projects like Operation Goldenrod , Ganem soon made it clear to Coleman that he had little patience with Hurley 's intelligence operations .
while hurley remained preoccupied with inter-agency projects like [use] goldenrod , ganem soon made it clear to coleman that he had little patience with hurley 's intelligence operations .

Believable or not , the praise was echoed by his boss , acting Attorney-General William Barr , who , coupling their work with that of his own investigators , congratulated the team on a ‘ brilliant and unrelenting operation ’ .
believable or not , the praise was echoed by his boss , acting attorney-general william barr , who , coupling their work with that of his own investigators , congratulated the team on a ‘ brilliant and unrelenting [use] ’ .

Everything , including intelligence data , pointed to a solely Libyan operation in retaliation for President Reagan 's bombing of Tripoli in 1986 .
everything , including intelligence data , pointed to a solely libyan [use] in retaliation for president reagan 's bombing of tripoli in 1986 .

Hoping to enlist Coleman as an ally in his grievances against Hurley , which were many and various , El-Jorr lost no time in describing his own experiences during the Christmas holidays in a sting ' operation against drug dealers in Southern California .
hoping to enlist coleman as an ally in his grievances against hurley , which were many and various , el-jorr lost no time in describing his own experiences during the christmas holidays in a sting ' [use] against drug dealers in southern california .

With El-Jorr coming off the wall from working both sides of the street , it was only a matter of time before the whole operation came unglued .
with el-jorr coming off the wall from working both sides of the street , it was only a matter of time before the whole [use] came unglued .

‘ This is a law-enforcement operation , ’ said Hurley , and Coleman was so astonished he took a moment to reply .
‘ this is a law-enforcement [use] , ’ said hurley , and coleman was so astonished he took a moment to reply .

Funds for Operation Shakespeare had been paid into Barclays Bank , Gibraltar , he said — Account No .
funds for [use] shakespeare had been paid into barclays bank , gibraltar , he said — account no .

They were continually spreading the message that the library is an integral part of the school 's operation .
they were continually spreading the message that the library is an integral part of the school 's [use] .

It 's a dustbin operation , publishing what nobody else wants .
it 's a dustbin [use] , publishing what nobody else wants .

Apanage 's task during the operation was to bottle the spirits while they swayed deliriously to the music .
apanage 's task during the [use] was to bottle the spirits while they swayed deliriously to the music .

Now that the music had died down , Cleo wanted to ask a hundred questions , but fear of somehow affecting the efficacy of the operation held her tongue .
now that the music had died down , cleo wanted to ask a hundred questions , but fear of somehow affecting the efficacy of the [use] held her tongue .

It has to be recognised , however , that plea-bargaining is a clear feature of the system 's operation under traditional rape laws .
it has to be recognised , however , that plea-bargaining is a clear feature of the system 's [use] under traditional rape laws .

Research into the operation of the new law suggests that so far as judges , prosecutors and defence counsel are concerned , consent remains an important issue .
research into the [use] of the new law suggests that so far as judges , prosecutors and defence counsel are concerned , consent remains an important issue .

‘ Yes , Mike Doble usually joins us but he 's in hospital at the moment for a heart operation . ’
‘ yes , mike doble usually joins us but he 's in hospital at the moment for a heart [use] . ’

At least there were no lights on Kernick Head , which there would have been if the operation was still in progress .
at least there were no lights on kernick head , which there would have been if the [use] was still in progress .

‘ Of course , we could put the forensic boys to work in the drawing-room and on the van ; we could repeat the operation in Jordan 's kitchen , at Mary Penrose 's and Laura Passmore 's … ’
‘ of course , we could put the forensic boys to work in the drawing-room and on the van ; we could repeat the [use] in jordan 's kitchen , at mary penrose 's and laura passmore 's … ’

and lined with two long , fresh-looking operation scars like zips .
and lined with two long , fresh-looking [use] scars like zips .

Cashline has recently been expanded into new areas of operation , including airports , shopping centres , supermarkets and petrol stations .
cashline has recently been expanded into new areas of [use] , including airports , shopping centres , supermarkets and petrol stations .

The merger of Boston Five 's mortgage servicing operation with Gulf States Mortgage Co will double the size of Gulf States to $ 8 billion , making it the 42nd largest mortgage firm in the United States .
the merger of boston five 's mortgage servicing [use] with gulf states mortgage co will double the size of gulf states to $ 8 billion , making it the 42nd largest mortgage firm in the united states .

In a press statement , visiting Capital House Chief Executive Norman Riddell — who has since left to join Invesco Europe as Chief Executive — and the Manx subsidiary 's Managing Director Bob Straskiewicz said that Capital House was a truly world-wide operation .
in a press statement , visiting capital house chief executive norman riddell — who has since left to join invesco europe as chief executive — and the manx subsidiary 's managing director bob straskiewicz said that capital house was a truly world-wide [use] .

The Isle of Man operation was acquired from Standard Chartered Equitor towards the end of last year .
the isle of man [use] was acquired from standard chartered equitor towards the end of last year .

franchising — management and day-to-day operation of the services would be carried out , under contract , by a body separate from that owning the facilities .
franchising — management and day-to-day [use] of the services would be carried out , under contract , by a body separate from that owning the facilities .

Only Liverpool and Paris had such schemes in operation at the time , so Edinburgh 's initiative was in the forefront of social policy in the late eighteenth century ! The Asylum taught hand crafts to blind people so they could learn to support themselves .
only liverpool and paris had such schemes in [use] at the time , so edinburgh 's initiative was in the forefront of social policy in the late eighteenth century ! the asylum taught hand crafts to blind people so they could learn to support themselves .

4.22 Management should be aware of the vulnerability felt by residential staff because of the 24 hour , 7 day week operation of units .
4.22 management should be aware of the vulnerability felt by residential staff because of the 24 hour , 7 day week [use] of units .

Christopher is going into hospital soon for a hip operation and will be spending approximately 2 months in plaster up to his chest .
christopher is going into hospital soon for a hip [use] and will be spending approximately 2 months in plaster up to his chest .

The chairman declined the invitation to flag off the train at Curriehill Station on Monday , 11th May , the first day of its operation .
the chairman declined the invitation to flag off the train at curriehill station on monday , 11th may , the first day of its [use] .

Constable McLennan reported on a scheme in operation in the public houses in Juniper Green .
constable mclennan reported on a scheme in [use] in the public houses in juniper green .

Information from Dept. of Environmental Health on the operation and running of Private Cemeteries formerly owned by Crown ground .
information from dept. of environmental health on the [use] and running of private cemeteries formerly owned by crown ground .

Planning After one year 's operation the addition to the Chip Shop has been reviewed and passed as satisfactory .
planning after one year 's [use] the addition to the chip shop has been reviewed and passed as satisfactory .

We therefore wish to see removal of the advice that planning authorities should consider ‘ the likely effect on the operation of the business ’ when considering justifiable enforcement action .
we therefore wish to see removal of the advice that planning authorities should consider ‘ the likely effect on the [use] of the business ’ when considering justifiable enforcement action .

Although the spill arose from the transport of crude oil rather than the operation of the island 's indigenous oil industry , it highlights the risks faced by communities in close contact with the oil business .
although the spill arose from the transport of crude oil rather than the [use] of the island 's indigenous oil industry , it highlights the risks faced by communities in close contact with the oil business .

With the help of teachers and parents , they embarked on a major clear-up operation to restore the Cylla Brook to its former glory .
with the help of teachers and parents , they embarked on a major clear-up [use] to restore the cylla brook to its former glory .

Pupils from Derwendeg Primary School help with the Cylla Brook clear-up operation .
pupils from derwendeg primary school help with the cylla brook clear-up [use] .

’ Andrew himself , as a member of Ian Smith 's ‘ economic committee ’ , took part in an international cloak-and-dagger operation to keep vital supplies moving through the British blockade .
’ andrew himself , as a member of ian smith 's ‘ economic committee ’ , took part in an international cloak-and-dagger [use] to keep vital supplies moving through the british blockade .

The Western Canadian operation is an example — although it is successful in the context of its own marketplace , its contribution to the group picture was no longer significant .
the western canadian [use] is an example — although it is successful in the context of its own marketplace , its contribution to the group picture was no longer significant .

The Brazilian government , wildlife trade watchdog agencies and breeders have offered their support to a breeding programme now in operation at Sao Paulo Zoo .
the brazilian government , wildlife trade watchdog agencies and breeders have offered their support to a breeding programme now in [use] at sao paulo zoo .

Greenpeace has been invited to appraise the environmental costs of such an operation , after it voiced concern that dredging and flooding would have a dangerously destructive impact on the fragile ecosystem .
greenpeace has been invited to appraise the environmental costs of such an [use] , after it voiced concern that dredging and flooding would have a dangerously destructive impact on the fragile ecosystem .

Whichever form of provision is in operation , the question of transport — both distance travelled and the cost — needs to be addressed .
whichever form of provision is in [use] , the question of transport — both distance travelled and the cost — needs to be addressed .

We have been involved with Operation Raleigh for many years , seconding executives with special skills to lend their expertise to the organisation and sponsoring employees to participate .
we have been involved with [use] raleigh for many years , seconding executives with special skills to lend their expertise to the organisation and sponsoring employees to participate .

Its most likely period of operation is between 300 and 325 , whereafter some of its craftsmen appear to have been employed at Withington , and .
its most likely period of [use] is between 300 and 325 , whereafter some of its craftsmen appear to have been employed at withington , and .

This runs through an existing tunnel , but it has not been in operation since 1970 .
this runs through an existing tunnel , but it has not been in [use] since 1970 .

The final barrier to its operation came after the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in the Soviet Union , when the North-Rhine Westphalia administration responded to intensified local concern by refusing to grant it the required license to operate .
the final barrier to its [use] came after the chernobyl nuclear disaster in the soviet union , when the north-rhine westphalia administration responded to intensified local concern by refusing to grant it the required license to operate .

This is by far the commonest cavity for lasers in general , but has major drawbacks from a theoretical standpoint : the standing-wave pattern greatly complicates the atomic response and can also lead to multimode operation , and time and space are much more intimately mixed in the feedback process .
this is by far the commonest cavity for lasers in general , but has major drawbacks from a theoretical standpoint : the standing-wave pattern greatly complicates the atomic response and can also lead to multimode [use] , and time and space are much more intimately mixed in the feedback process .

Recently , however , there have been careful studies of the transition from free-running to mode-locked operation of three-mode lasers .
recently , however , there have been careful studies of the transition from free-running to mode-locked [use] of three-mode lasers .

For example , the probable universal existence of tag-questions ( under a functional definition ) can perhaps be related to the universal operation of rules of turn-taking that allow as one option the ending of current speaker 's turn by a selection of a next speaker .
for example , the probable universal existence of tag-questions ( under a functional definition ) can perhaps be related to the universal [use] of rules of turn-taking that allow as one option the ending of current speaker 's turn by a selection of a next speaker .

The Government is reviewing the operation of five Environmentally Sensitive Areas ( ESAs ) .
the government is reviewing the [use] of five environmentally sensitive areas ( esas ) .

Reprocessing is a highly technically demanding and extremely expensive operation , involving the extraction of uranium and plutonium from the spent fuel .
reprocessing is a highly technically demanding and extremely expensive [use] , involving the extraction of uranium and plutonium from the spent fuel .

Appraisal is in operation for academic and related staff .
appraisal is in [use] for academic and related staff .

Oil leaking from the Cypriot-registered Haven tanker , which exploded during a routine pumping operation off Genoa , caused pollution along the Mediterranean coast eastwards towards Nice .
oil leaking from the cypriot-registered haven tanker , which exploded during a routine pumping [use] off genoa , caused pollution along the mediterranean coast eastwards towards nice .

Sheila Danby spent most of her working life in education , latterly in adult literacy as part of Operation Upgrade which involved working in Soweto .
sheila danby spent most of her working life in education , latterly in adult literacy as part of [use] upgrade which involved working in soweto .

The Dounreay nuclear plant , the largest nearby industrial commercial operation , has said that it only discharged 1.8 kilograms of cadmium over 10 months last year .
the dounreay nuclear plant , the largest nearby industrial commercial [use] , has said that it only discharged 1.8 kilograms of cadmium over 10 months last year .

The birds ' beaks contain pain receptors , and although they show little sign of distress immediately after the operation , pain may be delayed as is the case with human burn victims .
the birds ' beaks contain pain receptors , and although they show little sign of distress immediately after the [use] , pain may be delayed as is the case with human burn victims .

The plant affected , a 500,000 kilowatt pressurized light water reactor , began operation in 1972 .
the plant affected , a 500,000 kilowatt pressurized light water reactor , began [use] in 1972 .

Responsibility for the clean-up operation now falls on the German state , whose legacy includes two lakes filled with radioactive waste and massive tips of soil contaminated with uranium .
responsibility for the clean-up [use] now falls on the german state , whose legacy includes two lakes filled with radioactive waste and massive tips of soil contaminated with uranium .

The Board , which is to carry out the logging operation , has recommended felling the older trees as their younger counterparts are more resistant to air pollution .
the board , which is to carry out the logging [use] , has recommended felling the older trees as their younger counterparts are more resistant to air pollution .

The colonial government of Hong Kong has refused to provide funds for a rescue operation , which has been estimated to cost less than 0.001 per cent of the cost of building the airport .
the colonial government of hong kong has refused to provide funds for a rescue [use] , which has been estimated to cost less than 0.001 per cent of the cost of building the airport .

Swiss company begins world 's first commercial battery recycling operation
swiss company begins world 's first commercial battery recycling [use]

The world 's first off shore wind farm will be in operation within six months .
the world 's first off shore wind farm will be in [use] within six months .

Monitoring stations will test pollution levels and an international committee based in Magdeburg , in eastern Germany , is to be responsible for directing the cleaning operation
monitoring stations will test pollution levels and an international committee based in magdeburg , in eastern germany , is to be responsible for directing the cleaning [use]

The operation is to be staged with the help of the Washington-based Environmental Defence Fund .
the [use] is to be staged with the help of the washington-based environmental defence fund .

Project Elephant , to be announced in full next year , will be run as far as possible along the lines of India 's successful Operation Tiger .
project elephant , to be announced in full next year , will be run as far as possible along the lines of india 's successful [use] tiger .

Like Operation Tiger , it is expected to be a low budget operation costed at £6 million over four years .
like [use] tiger , it is expected to be a low budget [use] costed at £6 million over four years .

However , the requirements of the two schemes differ considerably as , according to the Ministry of Forestry , the elephants are wandering miles from their usual territories , whereas Operation Tiger required the creation of relatively small reserves .
however , the requirements of the two schemes differ considerably as , according to the ministry of forestry , the elephants are wandering miles from their usual territories , whereas [use] tiger required the creation of relatively small reserves .

9.6 Rights easements etc The [ operation of the Law of Property Act 1925 Section 62 shall be excluded from this Lease and the only rights granted to the Tenant are those expressly set out in this Lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the Tenant shall not by virtue of this Lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] Tenant shall not during the Term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or Premises now or at any time after the date of this Lease belonging to the Landlord and not comprised in this Lease Section 62 of the Law of Property Act 1925 provides that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .
9.6 rights easements etc the [ [use] of the law of property act 1925 section 62 shall be excluded from this lease and the only rights granted to the tenant are those expressly set out in this lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the tenant shall not by virtue of this lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] tenant shall not during the term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or premises now or at any time after the date of this lease belonging to the landlord and not comprised in this lease section 62 of the law of property act 1925 provides that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .

Thus s61 of the Law of Property Act 1925 provides that in all … contracts … made or coming into operation after the commencement of this Act , unless the context otherwise requires — ( a ) `` Month `` means calendar month ; ( b ) `` Person `` includes a corporation ; ( c ) The singular includes the plural and vice versa ; ( d ) The masculine includes the feminine and vice versa .
thus s61 of the law of property act 1925 provides that in all … contracts … made or coming into [use] after the commencement of this act , unless the context otherwise requires — ( a ) `` month `` means calendar month ; ( b ) `` person `` includes a corporation ; ( c ) the singular includes the plural and vice versa ; ( d ) the masculine includes the feminine and vice versa .

The procedure is often of great value , but it 's suggested that for two reasons it should only be used in urgent cases — both out of consideration for Land Registry staff , and to avoid the possibility of their being swamped by too many such applications , resulting in delay , which would defeat the whole purpose of the operation .
the procedure is often of great value , but it 's suggested that for two reasons it should only be used in urgent cases — both out of consideration for land registry staff , and to avoid the possibility of their being swamped by too many such applications , resulting in delay , which would defeat the whole purpose of the [use] .

The regulatory system therefore seeks to cater for these divergent situations by tailoring the degree of regulation to the degree of investor protection required , having regard to such factors as the sophistication of the particular investor , whether transactions are executed on exchanges ( which have their own investor protection mechanisms ) , whether the particular transaction can lead to contingent liabilities and whether margin is taken in support of a transaction . Tailoring the extent of regulation to the particular circumstances aims to give protection where it is necessary without interfering with the efficient operation of the market where it is not , but it does so at the expense of adding to the complexity of the regulations
the regulatory system therefore seeks to cater for these divergent situations by tailoring the degree of regulation to the degree of investor protection required , having regard to such factors as the sophistication of the particular investor , whether transactions are executed on exchanges ( which have their own investor protection mechanisms ) , whether the particular transaction can lead to contingent liabilities and whether margin is taken in support of a transaction . tailoring the extent of regulation to the particular circumstances aims to give protection where it is necessary without interfering with the efficient [use] of the market where it is not , but it does so at the expense of adding to the complexity of the regulations

In addition to explaining the risks of financial loss , the warning notice also explains a number of key aspects of the operation of futures markets which may not be readily apparent to the private investor such as : ( 1 ) The treatment of collateral and the fact that a customer may lose a proprietary interest in the collateral and not receive back the same assets that he deposited .
in addition to explaining the risks of financial loss , the warning notice also explains a number of key aspects of the [use] of futures markets which may not be readily apparent to the private investor such as : ( 1 ) the treatment of collateral and the fact that a customer may lose a proprietary interest in the collateral and not receive back the same assets that he deposited .

As has been seen , the futures market presents a particular challenge to the regulator to ensure that investors are given adequate protection from the potentially high risks and volatility involved in the futures market whilst at the same time ensuring that the efficient operation of the markets is not unduly impeded .
as has been seen , the futures market presents a particular challenge to the regulator to ensure that investors are given adequate protection from the potentially high risks and volatility involved in the futures market whilst at the same time ensuring that the efficient [use] of the markets is not unduly impeded .

The mere possibility that the settlor or his spouse might benefit from the trust assets is sufficient to bring this section into operation .
the mere possibility that the settlor or his spouse might benefit from the trust assets is sufficient to bring this section into [use] .

Capital sums `` — section 739 ( 3 ) ( 4 ) states : ( 3 ) Where , whether before or after any such transfer , such an individual receives or is entitled to receive any capital sum the payment of which is in any way connected with the transfer or any associated operation , any income which , by virtue or in consequence of the transfer , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , has become the income of a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be income of that individual for all purposes of the Income Tax Acts .
capital sums `` — section 739 ( 3 ) ( 4 ) states : ( 3 ) where , whether before or after any such transfer , such an individual receives or is entitled to receive any capital sum the payment of which is in any way connected with the transfer or any associated [use] , any income which , by virtue or in consequence of the transfer , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , has become the income of a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be income of that individual for all purposes of the income tax acts .

Operation includes an omission .
[use] includes an omission .

The granting of a lease for full consideration in money or money 's worth shall not be taken to be associated with any operation effected more than three years after the grant , and no operation effected on or after 27 March 1974 shall be taken to be associated with an operation effected before that date .
the granting of a lease for full consideration in money or money 's worth shall not be taken to be associated with any [use] effected more than three years after the grant , and no [use] effected on or after 27 march 1974 shall be taken to be associated with an [use] effected before that date .

Thus the availability of jury trial can have an important effect in securing a liberal operation of apparently draconian press laws .
thus the availability of jury trial can have an important effect in securing a liberal [use] of apparently draconian press laws .

The public grew to hate the licensors , and Parliament eventually uncovered widespread corruption in their operation — fraud , extortion and intimidation had made the whole system a scandal .
the public grew to hate the licensors , and parliament eventually uncovered widespread corruption in their [use] — fraud , extortion and intimidation had made the whole system a scandal .

Loop Operation Errors 2.5.2
loop [use] errors 2.5.2

The operation of bitwise integer logical exclusive-or between 2 items .
the [use] of bitwise integer logical exclusive-or between 2 items .

An assembler pseudo operation controlling the method of assembly .
an assembler pseudo [use] controlling the method of assembly .

‘ He is , in so far as recovery from the operation is concerned .
‘ he is , in so far as recovery from the [use] is concerned .

It 's quite a straightforward operation , and we have all the necessary facilities to perform it .
it 's quite a straightforward [use] , and we have all the necessary facilities to perform it .

The librarian has developed some excellent information skills software packages ' which are used in operation with other school staff on a variety of projects .
the librarian has developed some excellent information skills software packages ' which are used in [use] with other school staff on a variety of projects .

Len Seager had been conscious throughout the entire rescue operation and as Rachel joined him briefly in the back of the ambulance and covered him with an extra blanket he managed another smile .
len seager had been conscious throughout the entire rescue [use] and as rachel joined him briefly in the back of the ambulance and covered him with an extra blanket he managed another smile .

While the Dak can hardly be called a sprinter , its relative simplicity means that a true ‘ cab rank ’ operation can be staged , with the aircraft out on the pan ready to start as soon as the alarm is raised and a back-up aircraft ready to go beyond that very quickly .
while the dak can hardly be called a sprinter , its relative simplicity means that a true ‘ cab rank ’ [use] can be staged , with the aircraft out on the pan ready to start as soon as the alarm is raised and a back-up aircraft ready to go beyond that very quickly .

In only the second year of operation , the ‘ jetless ’ Rendcomb Aerial Derby looks firmly set to take over the mantle of the Badminton Air Day , now sadly defunct .
in only the second year of [use] , the ‘ jetless ’ rendcomb aerial derby looks firmly set to take over the mantle of the badminton air day , now sadly defunct .

Each is then installed in the vehicle in a single robotized operation .
each is then installed in the vehicle in a single robotized [use] .

An Ayrshire man is considering legal action against Crosshouse Hospital after his wife died following a routine operation .
an ayrshire man is considering legal action against crosshouse hospital after his wife died following a routine [use] .

An Ayrshire man is considering legal action against Crosshouse Hospital after his wife died following a routine operation there .
an ayrshire man is considering legal action against crosshouse hospital after his wife died following a routine [use] there .

The company have ruled out major job losses from the Scottish operation .
the company have ruled out major job losses from the scottish [use] .

And finally , police in Edinburgh are urgently following leads on a major force operation … They 're searching for police dogs .
and finally , police in edinburgh are urgently following leads on a major force [use] … they 're searching for police dogs .

The demolition of a building does not of itself constitute development , though , of course , it may form part of a building operation , or lead to the making of a material change in the use of the land upon which it stood .
the demolition of a building does not of itself constitute development , though , of course , it may form part of a building [use] , or lead to the making of a material change in the use of the land upon which it stood .

The second half of the definition introduces quite a different concept ; development here means not a physical operation but a change in the use of a piece of land or a structure .
the second half of the definition introduces quite a different concept ; development here means not a physical [use] but a change in the use of a piece of land or a structure .

Similarly , local authorities should not refuse permission for development by small businesses on the grounds that established businesses would be adversely affected : ‘ planning control is not intended to enable local planning authorities to intervene in the normal operation of market forces ’ .
similarly , local authorities should not refuse permission for development by small businesses on the grounds that established businesses would be adversely affected : ‘ planning control is not intended to enable local planning authorities to intervene in the normal [use] of market forces ’ .

Fourth , to put mineral planning authorities under a duty to review the planning situation in respect of every mineral operation within their area .
fourth , to put mineral planning authorities under a duty to review the planning situation in respect of every mineral [use] within their area .

The heading for this section looks like a play on words , but it is intended to point out the fact that , while development control is one of the instruments by which planning policies are implemented , there are also policies relating to the actual operation of the control .
the heading for this section looks like a play on words , but it is intended to point out the fact that , while development control is one of the instruments by which planning policies are implemented , there are also policies relating to the actual [use] of the control .

Fast on Dobry 's tail came what was ( at least up to that time ) probably the largest collection of material on the operation of the British planning system : the evidence presented to the House of Commons Expenditure Committee in their 1976–77 inquiry on Planning Procedures .
fast on dobry 's tail came what was ( at least up to that time ) probably the largest collection of material on the [use] of the british planning system : the evidence presented to the house of commons expenditure committee in their 1976–77 inquiry on planning procedures .

These allowed a local authority to claim , first 50 per cent , and then ( in the later Act ) 75 per cent , of the amount by which any property increased in value as the result of the operation of a planning scheme .
these allowed a local authority to claim , first 50 per cent , and then ( in the later act ) 75 per cent , of the amount by which any property increased in value as the result of the [use] of a planning scheme .

The system itself had inherent ‘ contradictions provoking a conflict between private and public interest and hindering the proper operation of the planning machinery ’ .
the system itself had inherent ‘ contradictions provoking a conflict between private and public interest and hindering the proper [use] of the planning machinery ’ .

In its first annual report the Central Land Board ‘ noted with concern some weeks after the Act came into operation that despite the liability for development charge land was still being widely offered and , still worse , taken at prices including the full development value ’ .
in its first annual report the central land board ‘ noted with concern some weeks after the act came into [use] that despite the liability for development charge land was still being widely offered and , still worse , taken at prices including the full development value ’ .

Both taxes came into operation at the time when the land and property boom turned into a slump .
both taxes came into [use] at the time when the land and property boom turned into a slump .

The economic climate of the first two years of its operation could hardly have been worse , and the consequent public expenditure crisis resulted in a central control which limited it severely .
the economic climate of the first two years of its [use] could hardly have been worse , and the consequent public expenditure crisis resulted in a central control which limited it severely .

It has been in operation for 100 years and is proceeding at a very slow rate .
it has been in [use] for 100 years and is proceeding at a very slow rate .

For instance , a major operation , starting a new school and going on active military service are threatening events often known in advance of occurrence , but which only a small minority of people will find sufficiently distressing to make psychiatric disorder a likely consequence .
for instance , a major [use] , starting a new school and going on active military service are threatening events often known in advance of occurrence , but which only a small minority of people will find sufficiently distressing to make psychiatric disorder a likely consequence .

The Enterprise Co-ordination Programme has now been in operation for eighteen months and a revised , enhanced budget has been negotiated with the Department of Trade and Industry for the year ahead .
the enterprise co-ordination programme has now been in [use] for eighteen months and a revised , enhanced budget has been negotiated with the department of trade and industry for the year ahead .

The principle of operation of a hot-wire anemometer is virtually indicated by its name .
the principle of [use] of a hot-wire anemometer is virtually indicated by its name .

In the simplest mode of operation , the current through the wire is maintained constant ; its temperature and thus its resistance , measured by the voltage across the wire , depend on the velocity .
in the simplest mode of [use] , the current through the wire is maintained constant ; its temperature and thus its resistance , measured by the voltage across the wire , depend on the velocity .

Figure 25.3 shows the principle of operation .
figure 25.3 shows the principle of [use] .

Why the fuck did nt he have an operation to start with ? ? Why wait around 8 weeks , and then have the op ?
why the fuck did nt he have an [use] to start with ? ? why wait around 8 weeks , and then have the op ?

In order to understand how these various institutions affect the economy and the part they play in the operation of monetary policy , we need to examine some of their activities and functions in more detail .
in order to understand how these various institutions affect the economy and the part they play in the [use] of monetary policy , we need to examine some of their activities and functions in more detail .

An open-market operation involves people exchanging bonds and bills for money .
an open-market [use] involves people exchanging bonds and bills for money .

‘ The operation was successful , yes .
‘ the [use] was successful , yes .

Quiet operation is ensured by using larger numbers of smaller ‘ teeth ’ on a number of pinions .
quiet [use] is ensured by using larger numbers of smaller ‘ teeth ’ on a number of pinions .

At Ellesmere Port a foreman and seven fitters run a 24 hour operation in two main shifts .
at ellesmere port a foreman and seven fitters run a 24 hour [use] in two main shifts .

The partially successful operation , during the closing months of the Great War , was an attempt to stop German destroyers and U-boats based at Bruges from reaching the open sea via the eight mile ship canal connecting the city with Zeebrugge .
the partially successful [use] , during the closing months of the great war , was an attempt to stop german destroyers and u-boats based at bruges from reaching the open sea via the eight mile ship canal connecting the city with zeebrugge .

That is why we are now operating a fully bimedia newsgathering operation .
that is why we are now operating a fully bimedia newsgathering [use] .

And that 's a typical kind of Guy Sterne operation — the only goal is profit .
and that 's a typical kind of guy sterne [use] — the only goal is profit .

The smell of antiseptic , and the helpless waiting , brought back powerful memories of the visitors ' room two years ago , where the doctor had come to break the mind-numbing news that during a routine operation to remove her appendix her mother had died of heart failure .
the smell of antiseptic , and the helpless waiting , brought back powerful memories of the visitors ' room two years ago , where the doctor had come to break the mind-numbing news that during a routine [use] to remove her appendix her mother had died of heart failure .

When Helen came in to help with the spaying operation she looked rather nervous .
when helen came in to help with the spaying [use] she looked rather nervous .

Her last patient was an old Labrador bitch and it was quite obvious that an urgent operation was called for .
her last patient was an old labrador bitch and it was quite obvious that an urgent [use] was called for .

‘ There 's always a risk in an operation like this when the bitch is elderly , but she ca n't go on — it 's now become urgent .
‘ there 's always a risk in an [use] like this when the bitch is elderly , but she ca n't go on — it 's now become urgent .

The man said , ‘ She 's ten years old . Will the operation prolong her life for — say — two or three more years ? ’
the man said , ‘ she 's ten years old . will the [use] prolong her life for — say — two or three more years ? ’

Last instructions given , and the operation arranged for the following day , the couple went away , and Robert said , ‘ It 's a pity , is n't it ?
last instructions given , and the [use] arranged for the following day , the couple went away , and robert said , ‘ it 's a pity , is n't it ?

‘ Helen has been adequate up till now , though she has n't actually seen this operation .
‘ helen has been adequate up till now , though she has n't actually seen this [use] .

Unpleasant and smelly as the operation was , she felt a surge of exultation when she cut the thread of the last suture and surveyed her unconscious patient .
unpleasant and smelly as the [use] was , she felt a surge of exultation when she cut the thread of the last suture and surveyed her unconscious patient .

If his real reason for inviting her was a kind of face-saving operation in front of his former ex-wife , he might at least have had the honesty to say so .
if his real reason for inviting her was a kind of face-saving [use] in front of his former ex-wife , he might at least have had the honesty to say so .

What you witnessed that night was Melanie trying to persuade me to perform the operation for her — or , failing that , to get someone else to do it as a favour .
what you witnessed that night was melanie trying to persuade me to perform the [use] for her — or , failing that , to get someone else to do it as a favour .

Not that it matters , it 's a very minor operation , but we shall have a look at the polyp under a microscope .
not that it matters , it 's a very minor [use] , but we shall have a look at the polyp under a microscope .

Tomorrow , once her mother was over the small operation , she would have to think again about what she 'd overheard .
tomorrow , once her mother was over the small [use] , she would have to think again about what she 'd overheard .

‘ It was only a minor operation , Dad .
‘ it was only a minor [use] , dad .

The newsreader mentioned a child who had gone to the States for a life-saving operation , a vital double transplant that had never been done in Britain .
the newsreader mentioned a child who had gone to the states for a life-saving [use] , a vital double transplant that had never been done in britain .

‘ It 's just going to take a little time to put into operation .
‘ it 's just going to take a little time to put into [use] .

‘ Go to hell ! ’ she burst out hoarsely and started to fight in deadly earnest , slapping and scratching at him , little cries of panic coming from the back of her throat as her mind flashed back into full operation and she realised with sick fear just how close she had come to the edge .
‘ go to hell ! ’ she burst out hoarsely and started to fight in deadly earnest , slapping and scratching at him , little cries of panic coming from the back of her throat as her mind flashed back into full [use] and she realised with sick fear just how close she had come to the edge .

‘ All right then , Mr Adam Burns , if you 're so convinced my staff are part of this alleged operation , then prove it .
‘ all right then , mr adam burns , if you 're so convinced my staff are part of this alleged [use] , then prove it .

‘ Someone who may be able to lead me right to the heart of the operation , ’ he said softly .
‘ someone who may be able to lead me right to the heart of the [use] , ’ he said softly .

He had to have a bypass operation .
he had to have a bypass [use] .

Constantly on the look-out for ideas which might boost his trade , he had barely allowed Ashley time to launch her own one-girl operation before he had knocked at her door .
constantly on the look-out for ideas which might boost his trade , he had barely allowed ashley time to launch her own one-girl [use] before he had knocked at her door .

The significance of the geoid for the operation of geomorphic processes is that it defines the ultimate base level for denudation ; any change in the geoid would therefore cause consequential changes in base levels .
the significance of the geoid for the [use] of geomorphic processes is that it defines the ultimate base level for denudation ; any change in the geoid would therefore cause consequential changes in base levels .

Weathering is therefore an appropriate place to begin our look at the operation and effects of exogenic geomorphic processes .
weathering is therefore an appropriate place to begin our look at the [use] and effects of exogenic geomorphic processes .

Although the differences between these two types of weathering are distinct in theory , in practice they rarely operate separately ; rather , the effects of one aid the operation of the other .
although the differences between these two types of weathering are distinct in theory , in practice they rarely operate separately ; rather , the effects of one aid the [use] of the other .

This mechanism can lead to the collapse of the mineral lattice ( as in the formation of the clay mineral vermiculite from biotite ) and it also renders a mineral more vulnerable to the operation of other weathering processes .
this mechanism can lead to the collapse of the mineral lattice ( as in the formation of the clay mineral vermiculite from biotite ) and it also renders a mineral more vulnerable to the [use] of other weathering processes .

The term saprolite is given to this type of regolith and it reflects the operation of isovolumetric weathering , that is , weathering accomplished without any change in volume .
the term saprolite is given to this type of regolith and it reflects the [use] of isovolumetric weathering , that is , weathering accomplished without any change in volume .

In arctic and alpine environments the surface is often seen to be composed of a layer of angular rock fragments commonly described by the term felsenmeer and attributed to the operation of frost weathering .
in arctic and alpine environments the surface is often seen to be composed of a layer of angular rock fragments commonly described by the term felsenmeer and attributed to the [use] of frost weathering .

Correct operation of applications software relies more often than not on particular revisions of system software , program patches , hardware upgrades , firmware revisions and machine-dependent interfacing to peripherals .
correct [use] of applications software relies more often than not on particular revisions of system software , program patches , hardware upgrades , firmware revisions and machine-dependent interfacing to peripherals .

That throughout the material part of that period the computer was operating properly or , if not , that any respect in which it was not operating properly or was out of operation during that part of that period was not such as to affect the production of the document or the accuracy of its contents ; and ,
that throughout the material part of that period the computer was operating properly or , if not , that any respect in which it was not operating properly or was out of [use] during that part of that period was not such as to affect the production of the document or the accuracy of its contents ; and ,

This principle is concerned with the collection of data , often a manual operation carried out separate from the computer process .
this principle is concerned with the collection of data , often a manual [use] carried out separate from the computer process .

An increasing number of universities are bringing the library and the computing service together , under one operation , or linked through a senior academic administrator post .
an increasing number of universities are bringing the library and the computing service together , under one [use] , or linked through a senior academic administrator post .

The problem Marx set himself was the same as that which other social scientists tried to confront : the nature and mechanics of the transition from a pre-capitalist to a capitalist society and its specific modes of operation and tendencies of future development .
the problem marx set himself was the same as that which other social scientists tried to confront : the nature and mechanics of the transition from a pre-capitalist to a capitalist society and its specific modes of [use] and tendencies of future development .

Meanwhile , the Kenneth Williams show business operation went rolling ahead like a steam locomotive .
meanwhile , the kenneth williams show business [use] went rolling ahead like a steam locomotive .

The question of money would always come up with a team operation like the ‘ Carry Ons ’ .
the question of money would always come up with a team [use] like the ‘ carry ons ’ .

The new classical macroeconomics , which we shall examine in greater detail in Chapter 7 , can , to a considerable extent , be viewed as a return to pre-Keynesian methods of analysis , particularly in their treatment of the operation of the labour market .
the new classical macroeconomics , which we shall examine in greater detail in chapter 7 , can , to a considerable extent , be viewed as a return to pre-keynesian methods of analysis , particularly in their treatment of the [use] of the labour market .

It went further in claiming that there existed a hypothetical price level at which the combined operation of the Keynes effect and the real-balance effect would stimulate aggregate demand by an amount sufficient to absorb the involuntarily unemployed into employment .
it went further in claiming that there existed a hypothetical price level at which the combined [use] of the keynes effect and the real-balance effect would stimulate aggregate demand by an amount sufficient to absorb the involuntarily unemployed into employment .

The point of s 2 ( 3 ) is to spell out clearly the restrictions on the operation of the doctrine .
the point of s 2 ( 3 ) is to spell out clearly the restrictions on the [use] of the doctrine .

The provision as drafted is not entirely clear , and the use of the words `` is not of itself to be taken `` might be construed to imply that some other type of truly voluntary acceptance could override s 2 ( 1 ) or 2 ( 2 ) by the operation of the rule .
the provision as drafted is not entirely clear , and the use of the words `` is not of itself to be taken `` might be construed to imply that some other type of truly voluntary acceptance could override s 2 ( 1 ) or 2 ( 2 ) by the [use] of the rule .

The most difficult point about this section is that its application is necessarily limited to goods `` of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption `` by the operation of s 12 ( 1 ) ( c ) .
the most difficult point about this section is that its application is necessarily limited to goods `` of a type ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption `` by the [use] of s 12 ( 1 ) ( c ) .

In addition , any other rights the buyer may have at law are reserved to him by the operation of cl 1.4 .
in addition , any other rights the buyer may have at law are reserved to him by the [use] of cl 1.4 .

7.4 Whenever any sum of money is recoverable from or payable by you to us as a result of the operation of any of these conditions or any breach by you of the same , such sum may be deducted by us from any sum then due or which at any time thereafter may become due to you under any other order or transaction placed or entered into by us with you .
7.4 whenever any sum of money is recoverable from or payable by you to us as a result of the [use] of any of these conditions or any breach by you of the same , such sum may be deducted by us from any sum then due or which at any time thereafter may become due to you under any other order or transaction placed or entered into by us with you .

This Condition can only have effect if it is called into operation by the party wishing to rely on it giving written notice to the other to that effect .
this condition can only have effect if it is called into [use] by the party wishing to rely on it giving written notice to the other to that effect .

Section 20 will come into operation in the absence of express agreement or other clear evidence of the intention of the partners .
section 20 will come into [use] in the absence of express agreement or other clear evidence of the intention of the partners .

The continuing partners will also regard themselves as under a moral obligation ( quite apart from any annuity arrangements that may come into operation ) to the spouse and dependent children of their deceased colleague to ensure that such cash as may be due to his estate is paid over without undue delay .
the continuing partners will also regard themselves as under a moral obligation ( quite apart from any annuity arrangements that may come into [use] ) to the spouse and dependent children of their deceased colleague to ensure that such cash as may be due to his estate is paid over without undue delay .

Certain terms will be implied in a lease by operation of law , although many such terms may be excluded by agreement .
certain terms will be implied in a lease by [use] of law , although many such terms may be excluded by agreement .

Where a building is demised together with its curtilage , or where the draftsman chooses not to exclude the operation of s62 , consideration should be given to the taking of special covenants from the tenant .
where a building is demised together with its curtilage , or where the draftsman chooses not to exclude the [use] of s62 , consideration should be given to the taking of special covenants from the tenant .

These principles do not prevent the parties from defining the expiration of the term by reference to a date before that of execution of the lease , or from making contractual provisions which take effect by reference to such a date , as by defining the period for the operation of a break-clause or an increase of rent .
these principles do not prevent the parties from defining the expiration of the term by reference to a date before that of execution of the lease , or from making contractual provisions which take effect by reference to such a date , as by defining the period for the [use] of a break-clause or an increase of rent .

If the sublease merely incorporates the valuation formula and machinery contained in the headlease , the rent review clause in the sublease will be capable of operation whether or not the rent review clause is exercised in the headlease .
if the sublease merely incorporates the valuation formula and machinery contained in the headlease , the rent review clause in the sublease will be capable of [use] whether or not the rent review clause is exercised in the headlease .

It is perhaps as well to remember at the outset that the main injury in this particular case was a hip injury which , if it had occurred to a younger man , would have produced an arthrodesis operation .
it is perhaps as well to remember at the outset that the main injury in this particular case was a hip injury which , if it had occurred to a younger man , would have produced an arthrodesis [use] .

In other words , the injury was such that the degree of pain which it produces from day to day throughout the years is at any rate sufficient for experienced medical men to say that the rather drastic operation of arthrodesis would normally be the best thing in the circumstances .
in other words , the injury was such that the degree of pain which it produces from day to day throughout the years is at any rate sufficient for experienced medical men to say that the rather drastic [use] of arthrodesis would normally be the best thing in the circumstances .

Owing to the plaintiff 's age , however , medical experience shows that that operation is not advisable in this case — so the pain continues .
owing to the plaintiff 's age , however , medical experience shows that that [use] is not advisable in this case — so the pain continues .

The main aims will be to : ( a ) identify particular commercial/legal problems of such magnitude as to cause the investor to withdraw or adjust its terms , including the price , either directly or indirectly through indemnities ; ( b ) flush out any unknown or understated liabilities and ensure the vendor will deliver good title ( free from encumbrances ) to the assets ; ( c ) ascertain more precisely the worth of the target business to the buyer and to provide an effective means of valuing the shares or the assets ; and ( d ) provide a clear understanding of how the business functions , including the operation of its financial and management systems .
the main aims will be to : ( a ) identify particular commercial/legal problems of such magnitude as to cause the investor to withdraw or adjust its terms , including the price , either directly or indirectly through indemnities ; ( b ) flush out any unknown or understated liabilities and ensure the vendor will deliver good title ( free from encumbrances ) to the assets ; ( c ) ascertain more precisely the worth of the target business to the buyer and to provide an effective means of valuing the shares or the assets ; and ( d ) provide a clear understanding of how the business functions , including the [use] of its financial and management systems .

The operation of the usual `` ratchet `` provisions attaching to management 's ordinary shares , whereby the percentage holding of Newco conferred by their shares , or the value of those shares , will automatically increase in accordance with profitability or performance targets of the underlying business , will not usually constitute a `` chargeable event `` for the purposes of s78 .
the [use] of the usual `` ratchet `` provisions attaching to management 's ordinary shares , whereby the percentage holding of newco conferred by their shares , or the value of those shares , will automatically increase in accordance with profitability or performance targets of the underlying business , will not usually constitute a `` chargeable event `` for the purposes of s78 .

Arguably , the operation of the ratchet confers a 'special benefit `` within s80 Finance Act 1988 .
arguably , the [use] of the ratchet confers a 'special benefit `` within s80 finance act 1988 .

It will be necessary to create deferred shares only if there is a ratchet ( see below ) in the Articles , where conversion , as opposed to redemption , is essential to the operation of the ratchet .
it will be necessary to create deferred shares only if there is a ratchet ( see below ) in the articles , where conversion , as opposed to redemption , is essential to the [use] of the ratchet .

The studies are based on ice samples extracted by a drilling operation mounted by a consortium of scientists from eight European countries .
the studies are based on ice samples extracted by a drilling [use] mounted by a consortium of scientists from eight european countries .

In another disruption to the troubled plant 's operation , Kozloduy 's second reactor was shut down for six days in early January after an escape of radioactive material from the central circulation pump .
in another disruption to the troubled plant 's [use] , kozloduy 's second reactor was shut down for six days in early january after an escape of radioactive material from the central circulation pump .

Heavy seas prevented salvage teams from landing on the wreck and hampered the clean-up operation .
heavy seas prevented salvage teams from landing on the wreck and hampered the clean-up [use] .

It was argued that the fierce weather which had prevented a salvage operation also helped break up the oil .
it was argued that the fierce weather which had prevented a salvage [use] also helped break up the oil .

The extensive rescue operation involved the tanker being towed further out to sea , the use of powerful water cannons to cool the hull and the application of anti-flame foam .
the extensive rescue [use] involved the tanker being towed further out to sea , the use of powerful water cannons to cool the hull and the application of anti-flame foam .

The Japanese government aims to have 200,000 electric vehicles in operation by 2000 .
the japanese government aims to have 200,000 electric vehicles in [use] by 2000 .

The Netherlands already has some of the most stringent environmental levies in operation .
the netherlands already has some of the most stringent environmental levies in [use] .

Pozdyshev also reaffirmed that Russia plans to keep its Chernobyl-type reactors in operation until well into the next century " after making the necessary safety changes " .
pozdyshev also reaffirmed that russia plans to keep its chernobyl-type reactors in [use] until well into the next century " after making the necessary safety changes " .

The clean-up operation is likely to take around five weeks .
the clean-up [use] is likely to take around five weeks .

In the de-horning operation , the horns are sawn off with a chainsaw after the rhino has been located by trackers on the ground and darted with tranquillizing drugs from a helicopter .
in the de-horning [use] , the horns are sawn off with a chainsaw after the rhino has been located by trackers on the ground and darted with tranquillizing drugs from a helicopter .

According to Parks official , Dr Mike Kock , the 24 kg of horn cut during the operation could raise $ 500,000 , sufficient to pay for 650 game scouts for a year .
according to parks official , dr mike kock , the 24 kg of horn cut during the [use] could raise $ 500,000 , sufficient to pay for 650 game scouts for a year .

The Department of the Environment has launched a campaign to make industry aware of its responsibilities under the new " duty of care " for waste , which comes into operation on 1 April .
the department of the environment has launched a campaign to make industry aware of its responsibilities under the new " duty of care " for waste , which comes into [use] on 1 april .

Bradwell , a Magnox-type reactor opened in 1962 with an original life span of 30 years , will now continue in operation until 1998 .
bradwell , a magnox-type reactor opened in 1962 with an original life span of 30 years , will now continue in [use] until 1998 .

It is possible that we are dealing with a massive international rubbish smuggling operation . ``
it is possible that we are dealing with a massive international rubbish smuggling [use] . ``

Giant clam rescue operation in Australia
giant clam rescue [use] in australia

The three remaining reactors at Chernobyl are still in operation , and produced 5.2 per cent of Ukraine 's electricity in 1991 .
the three remaining reactors at chernobyl are still in [use] , and produced 5.2 per cent of ukraine 's electricity in 1991 .

The government insists that it will only be restarted if it passes stringent safety tests , and that a technical council composed of Russian , American , French and German experts will oversee its operation .
the government insists that it will only be restarted if it passes stringent safety tests , and that a technical council composed of russian , american , french and german experts will oversee its [use] .

The 20,000 Yanomami in Brazil and Venezuela are threatened by imported diseases and pollution ; the operation is the second attempt since 1990 to clear miners from the area .
the 20,000 yanomami in brazil and venezuela are threatened by imported diseases and pollution ; the [use] is the second attempt since 1990 to clear miners from the area .

The operation to return 425 tonnes of toxic waste from Romania to Germany began on 9 March with the arrival of two trains equipped with special containers .
the [use] to return 425 tonnes of toxic waste from romania to germany began on 9 march with the arrival of two trains equipped with special containers .

Concern for the plant 's impact on the environment had already led to a cut in production earlier in the year to the minimum necessary to keep the plant 's systems in operation .
concern for the plant 's impact on the environment had already led to a cut in production earlier in the year to the minimum necessary to keep the plant 's systems in [use] .

Researchers at the National Grid Company 's technology and science division have developed a way of destroying the PCBs while the transformer remains in operation .
researchers at the national grid company 's technology and science division have developed a way of destroying the pcbs while the transformer remains in [use] .

Members of two Norwegian environmental groups have staged spectacular protests against oil exploration in the Barents Sea , which they claim is too risky because the inhospitable climate and months of winter darkness would make a clean-up operation impossible in case of a pollution accident .
members of two norwegian environmental groups have staged spectacular protests against oil exploration in the barents sea , which they claim is too risky because the inhospitable climate and months of winter darkness would make a clean-up [use] impossible in case of a pollution accident .

The device , developed by Applied Research and Technology of Inverness , is expected to be in operation by 1994 .
the device , developed by applied research and technology of inverness , is expected to be in [use] by 1994 .

Environmentalists opposed to the operation claim that existing and planned plantations could supply 95 per cent of the woodchip industry 's needs .
environmentalists opposed to the [use] claim that existing and planned plantations could supply 95 per cent of the woodchip industry 's needs .

The World Wide Fund for Nature is to launch extensive monitoring programme of the North Sea after video cameras supervising an underwater cable-laying operation from Germany to the Shetlands revealed that the sea bottom resembled " a lunar landscape " bereft of life .
the world wide fund for nature is to launch extensive monitoring programme of the north sea after video cameras supervising an underwater cable-laying [use] from germany to the shetlands revealed that the sea bottom resembled " a lunar landscape " bereft of life .

After centuries of intensive mining , Durham now has no deep pits left in operation .
after centuries of intensive mining , durham now has no deep pits left in [use] .

The two Hungarian companies involved in the operation , Nemeth es Tarsa Kft and Plichtimpex Bt , have been ordered to return the waste to Germany .
the two hungarian companies involved in the [use] , nemeth es tarsa kft and plichtimpex bt , have been ordered to return the waste to germany .

Some blame has also been imputed to the egalitarianism of the labor movement , harboring dislike of profits and risk-taking as well as the values of thrift and self-reliance that underpin the operation of the free market .
some blame has also been imputed to the egalitarianism of the labor movement , harboring dislike of profits and risk-taking as well as the values of thrift and self-reliance that underpin the [use] of the free market .

Once a practice has become well established in terms of the relationship within or between different organs of the state , finding recognition in works of authority and by those involved in its operation , then it may be said to have reached the status of a convention .
once a practice has become well established in terms of the relationship within or between different organs of the state , finding recognition in works of authority and by those involved in its [use] , then it may be said to have reached the status of a convention .

The working of the various relationships within the framework established by law and convention is made possible by the operation of bodies not formally recognized by the Constitution , namely political parties .
the working of the various relationships within the framework established by law and convention is made possible by the [use] of bodies not formally recognized by the constitution , namely political parties .

Wedged neatly between his route flying at this period was a rescue operation to collect Gen Sikorski 's staff who were making their way to the South of France , hotly pursued by the Germans .
wedged neatly between his route flying at this period was a rescue [use] to collect gen sikorski 's staff who were making their way to the south of france , hotly pursued by the germans .

The only hitch in the operation was when the Royal Navy fired on the flyingboat as it took off from Bordeaux with the Polish General and his staff aboard .
the only hitch in the [use] was when the royal navy fired on the flyingboat as it took off from bordeaux with the polish general and his staff aboard .

Someone close to me has had a cataract operation in both eyes .
someone close to me has had a cataract [use] in both eyes .

Though there is little experience of overall trade union influence over change , the health and welfare aspects of `` new technology `` have frequently been covered by written technology agreements , in particular the design and operation of visual display units .
though there is little experience of overall trade union influence over change , the health and welfare aspects of `` new technology `` have frequently been covered by written technology agreements , in particular the design and [use] of visual display units .

Of all these aspects , the issue for which agreement has been reached most frequently was the use of VDUs — both in their design and installation , and the duration of operation .
of all these aspects , the issue for which agreement has been reached most frequently was the use of vdus — both in their design and installation , and the duration of [use] .

It is also quite clear that neither clients nor designers can predict precisely how system environment will be affected by the new system.under these circumstances the best strategy appears to be one which provides opportunities for all those involved to learn from experience as the system development and operation progresses .
it is also quite clear that neither clients nor designers can predict precisely how system environment will be affected by the new system.under these circumstances the best strategy appears to be one which provides opportunities for all those involved to learn from experience as the system development and [use] progresses .

In general the scale of the technology may be an important determinant of the degree of community participation in both design and operation that is feasible .
in general the scale of the technology may be an important determinant of the degree of community participation in both design and [use] that is feasible .

However , when it comes to larger scale public energy supply systems , eg large wind turbines , tidal barrages etc , people 's attitudes and behaviour might seem initially to be less significant , at least as far as the operation of the system is concerned .
however , when it comes to larger scale public energy supply systems , eg large wind turbines , tidal barrages etc , people 's attitudes and behaviour might seem initially to be less significant , at least as far as the [use] of the system is concerned .

To read design first socially , second in its full complexity and richness ( and , bearing in mind injunctions concerning the significance of the tacit dimension and tacit knowing in design , to try to incorporate these levels in this complex model ) , and third , as a cognitive-practice in its own right , with its own levels and spheres of operation both mental and praxiological , irreducible to metaphoric models .
to read design first socially , second in its full complexity and richness ( and , bearing in mind injunctions concerning the significance of the tacit dimension and tacit knowing in design , to try to incorporate these levels in this complex model ) , and third , as a cognitive-practice in its own right , with its own levels and spheres of [use] both mental and praxiological , irreducible to metaphoric models .

It is in the fact that a golden thread methodology may be a two-stage operation that its potential value lies in relation to the issue of women .
it is in the fact that a golden thread methodology may be a two-stage [use] that its potential value lies in relation to the issue of women .

We try to run a commercially oriented operation , but the profit is purely a method of ensuring that we can continue in existence for many years to come .
we try to run a commercially oriented [use] , but the profit is purely a method of ensuring that we can continue in existence for many years to come .

Nineteenth century carding and spinning machinery in operation .
nineteenth century carding and spinning machinery in [use] .

Many can be seen in operation daily
many can be seen in [use] daily

Operation Mulberry
[use] mulberry

Dozens more road schemes and factory projects could fall foul of Britain 's continuing dispute with the European environment commissioner , Carlo Ripa di Meana , over the operation of ‘ environmental impact assessments ’ .
dozens more road schemes and factory projects could fall foul of britain 's continuing dispute with the european environment commissioner , carlo ripa di meana , over the [use] of ‘ environmental impact assessments ’ .

At the same time , a similar operation out of the field of his lens , was being performed at what was left of Dr Dunstaple 's house .
at the same time , a similar [use] out of the field of his lens , was being performed at what was left of dr dunstaple 's house .

The man was too weak for chloroform and had to be held by two of the dispensers , yet he did not utter a groan throughout the operation .
the man was too weak for chloroform and had to be held by two of the dispensers , yet he did not utter a groan throughout the [use] .

Some simple examples of the system in operation are provided in the following protocols involving an adult ( myself ) and various children from the research nursery of the Edinburgh Cognition Project , directed by Margaret Donaldson .
some simple examples of the system in [use] are provided in the following protocols involving an adult ( myself ) and various children from the research nursery of the edinburgh cognition project , directed by margaret donaldson .

At the end of February , he was admitted to the London Clinic for an operation to remove piles .
at the end of february , he was admitted to the london clinic for an [use] to remove piles .

It was a most painful period altogether , and Ronald Duncan has described how Eliot , on his return from hospital , recounted in vivid detail the operation and its consequences .
it was a most painful period altogether , and ronald duncan has described how eliot , on his return from hospital , recounted in vivid detail the [use] and its consequences .

If all else fails , you may be advised to have an operation to relieve the pressure on the nerve .
if all else fails , you may be advised to have an [use] to relieve the pressure on the nerve .

The intervention by Russia , one of the two super-powers through which the dialectic would operate , to suppress uprisings irrelevant to the operation , was only to be expected — and morally justified .
the intervention by russia , one of the two super-powers through which the dialectic would operate , to suppress uprisings irrelevant to the [use] , was only to be expected — and morally justified .

The macro-economic case for the widespread and general adoption of the industrial co-operative form is that it is just such another structure ; that the structural change lies in making labour the employer of capital rather than , as at present capital the employer of labour ; that such a change would fuse the interests of ownership and labour , interests which so long as they remain separate must also remain ultimately opposed ; and that , because relations among co-operatives and between producers and providers on the one hand , and consumers and users on the other would be determined by the operation of a free competitive market , the workers in each co-operative will be exposed to its imperative discipline .
the macro-economic case for the widespread and general adoption of the industrial co-operative form is that it is just such another structure ; that the structural change lies in making labour the employer of capital rather than , as at present capital the employer of labour ; that such a change would fuse the interests of ownership and labour , interests which so long as they remain separate must also remain ultimately opposed ; and that , because relations among co-operatives and between producers and providers on the one hand , and consumers and users on the other would be determined by the [use] of a free competitive market , the workers in each co-operative will be exposed to its imperative discipline .

That knowledge , extended through manufacturing and service industry would ensure generally that the wages suit was cut according to the profitability cloth ; and would remove from the operation of the national economy the inflationary propensity of the trade unions ' monopoly of the supply of labour and , with it , a main cause of the United Kingdom 's industrial debility .
that knowledge , extended through manufacturing and service industry would ensure generally that the wages suit was cut according to the profitability cloth ; and would remove from the [use] of the national economy the inflationary propensity of the trade unions ' monopoly of the supply of labour and , with it , a main cause of the united kingdom 's industrial debility .

These serial bilateral relationships are created both by treaties and the operation of rules of customary international law .
these serial bilateral relationships are created both by treaties and the [use] of rules of customary international law .

The International Law Commission emphasised that the operation of most-favoured nation clauses is not prejudiced by the Vienna Convention , an acknowledgment that the Convention is not comprehensive in its coverage of treaties and third parties .
the international law commission emphasised that the [use] of most-favoured nation clauses is not prejudiced by the vienna convention , an acknowledgment that the convention is not comprehensive in its coverage of treaties and third parties .

Articles 53 and 64 recognise the community interest in the conclusion and operation of treaties .
articles 53 and 64 recognise the community interest in the conclusion and [use] of treaties .

Waldock , for example , considered that the ‘ general duty ’ upon States to respect the operation of treaties between other States , ‘ even when limited to treaties not impairing their rights or imposing disabilities upon them seems to go beyond the existing law ’ .
waldock , for example , considered that the ‘ general duty ’ upon states to respect the [use] of treaties between other states , ‘ even when limited to treaties not impairing their rights or imposing disabilities upon them seems to go beyond the existing law ’ .

However a continuing concern is that the operation of the Treaty system could come under challenge from third states who do not accept the ban , and who might endeavour to explore and exploit Antarctica 's natural resources for their own benefit .
however a continuing concern is that the [use] of the treaty system could come under challenge from third states who do not accept the ban , and who might endeavour to explore and exploit antarctica 's natural resources for their own benefit .

Nasser did not dispute the principle of free navigation through the Canal , only the details of its operation .
nasser did not dispute the principle of free navigation through the canal , only the details of its [use] .

Third parties are able to accede to the Treaty Concerning the Permanent Neutrality and Operation of the [ Panama ] Canal and thereby accept the rights and obligations of the regime .
third parties are able to accede to the treaty concerning the permanent neutrality and [use] of the [ panama ] canal and thereby accept the rights and obligations of the regime .

By contrast , Judge Lauterpacht retained this emphasis in his insistence that the General Assembly could only authorise the oral hearings if South Africa continued to frustrate the operation of the Mandate ; he laid stress on the continued status of the territory .
by contrast , judge lauterpacht retained this emphasis in his insistence that the general assembly could only authorise the oral hearings if south africa continued to frustrate the [use] of the mandate ; he laid stress on the continued status of the territory .

It appoints an Executive Chairman who is ‘ responsible to the Council for the administration and operation of the Agreement in accordance with the decisions of the Council .
it appoints an executive chairman who is ‘ responsible to the council for the administration and [use] of the agreement in accordance with the decisions of the council .

It is hard to assert that a general duty of supervision exists in the absence of fraud by the member States , which would be hard to ascertain , or as a matter of policy to ensure the responsible operation of an international organisation .
it is hard to assert that a general duty of supervision exists in the absence of fraud by the member states , which would be hard to ascertain , or as a matter of policy to ensure the responsible [use] of an international organisation .

However , imposition of liability might result in member States becoming unwilling to allow international organisations to act independently and interfering in their day to day operation .
however , imposition of liability might result in member states becoming unwilling to allow international organisations to act independently and interfering in their day to day [use] .

The rescue operation for the Kurds did not involve the use of force by international bodies , and was justified by the threat presented to international peace and stability within the region by the repression of the Kurds .
the rescue [use] for the kurds did not involve the use of force by international bodies , and was justified by the threat presented to international peace and stability within the region by the repression of the kurds .

‘ Bailey 's already briefed him on the telephone but he wo n't know you 're in charge of the operation until he gets here .
‘ bailey 's already briefed him on the telephone but he wo n't know you 're in charge of the [use] until he gets here .

Whitlock had driven to the airport a couple of hours before the delegation was due to arrive to ensure that all the security measures had been put into operation .
whitlock had driven to the airport a couple of hours before the delegation was due to arrive to ensure that all the security measures had been put into [use] .

Although they never said it , he knew their bitterness stemmed from the fact that he would be in charge of the operation .
although they never said it , he knew their bitterness stemmed from the fact that he would be in charge of the [use] .

It was on an operation in Libya that his family was kidnapped by Arab terrorists to try and force him to countermand the order to attack .
it was on an [use] in libya that his family was kidnapped by arab terrorists to try and force him to countermand the order to attack .

This is a critical stage of the operation , Sabrina .
this is a critical stage of the [use] , sabrina .

Of course you can only take this covering-up operation so far and it is sometimes prudent to remake a part .
of course you can only take this covering-up [use] so far and it is sometimes prudent to remake a part .

The operation does involve some hand turning .
the [use] does involve some hand turning .

During this operation the housing joints were filled in flush with soft wood blocks to make an uninterrupted inside curve .
during this [use] the housing joints were filled in flush with soft wood blocks to make an uninterrupted inside curve .

The underframe , legs and seat are all glued together in one operation .
the underframe , legs and seat are all glued together in one [use] .

Cheryl Peterson oversees the whole operation .
cheryl peterson oversees the whole [use] .

We want to pay the bills and keep going , but only a minimal percentage goes to the gallery operation out of each sale .
we want to pay the bills and keep going , but only a minimal percentage goes to the gallery [use] out of each sale .

By this time it was becoming obvious that in spite of the fact that the French were conveying the impression of a limited operation ‘ to restore order ’ ( which might be at least six months to a year ) they were hoping for more moderate Vietnamese leaders to emerge and , in the meantime , they would not after all negotiate with Ho Chi Minh .
by this time it was becoming obvious that in spite of the fact that the french were conveying the impression of a limited [use] ‘ to restore order ’ ( which might be at least six months to a year ) they were hoping for more moderate vietnamese leaders to emerge and , in the meantime , they would not after all negotiate with ho chi minh .

Six months later , in June 1951 , after de Lattre had halted the Vietminh offensive in Tonkin and with the immediate threat removed , Heath reported from Saigon that the current phase in Indo-China was now to be seen as a holding operation .
six months later , in june 1951 , after de lattre had halted the vietminh offensive in tonkin and with the immediate threat removed , heath reported from saigon that the current phase in indo-china was now to be seen as a holding [use] .

De Lattre , it seems , had himself in mind as a Supreme Allied Commander for Southeast Asia and his proposals for a joint intelligence operation together with a strategic reserve of six or eight divisions would , if it had come to anything , have meant not only an American but a British commitment to French fortunes in Indo-China .
de lattre , it seems , had himself in mind as a supreme allied commander for southeast asia and his proposals for a joint intelligence [use] together with a strategic reserve of six or eight divisions would , if it had come to anything , have meant not only an american but a british commitment to french fortunes in indo-china .

On the other hand , one knows of homosexual relationships in which transsexuality has figured in one partner which have , apparently , been strengthened by a `` sex-change `` operation ( so-called ) for that partner .
on the other hand , one knows of homosexual relationships in which transsexuality has figured in one partner which have , apparently , been strengthened by a `` sex-change `` [use] ( so-called ) for that partner .

For those whose parents paid fees , a system of fee remission was in operation , whereby only those with income above a certain level paid the full amount .
for those whose parents paid fees , a system of fee remission was in [use] , whereby only those with income above a certain level paid the full amount .

The bosun was directing a mammoth cleaning and scrubbing operation ; a new set of scarves and banners were being bent onto halyards ready for hoisting , and every piece of brass in sight was being polished .
the bosun was directing a mammoth cleaning and scrubbing [use] ; a new set of scarves and banners were being bent onto halyards ready for hoisting , and every piece of brass in sight was being polished .

The war in Europe was to take priority over the war in the Pacific , which was to be essentially a `` holding operation `` .
the war in europe was to take priority over the war in the pacific , which was to be essentially a `` holding [use] `` .

Churchill , backed by the military leaders , persuaded the President that it was too soon for a direct assault on Europe , and that in its place there should be an Anglo-American invasion of North Africa ( Operation Torch ) to link up with the British Army already fighting the Germans and Italians in the Western Desert .
churchill , backed by the military leaders , persuaded the president that it was too soon for a direct assault on europe , and that in its place there should be an anglo-american invasion of north africa ( [use] torch ) to link up with the british army already fighting the germans and italians in the western desert .

Two days after Allied soldiers entered Rome , Operation Overlord — the invasion of Western Europe — was launched .
two days after allied soldiers entered rome , [use] overlord — the invasion of western europe — was launched .

Airbrakes extended by hydraulic actuators — no speed limitation for operation .
airbrakes extended by hydraulic actuators — no speed limitation for [use] .

Electrical fire switch allow cutting-off all non essential loads in one operation .
electrical fire switch allow cutting-off all non essential loads in one [use] .

Here 's what we came up with : Gravier chartered the Jet from the Hansa Jet operation .
here 's what we came up with : gravier chartered the jet from the hansa jet [use] .

He had chartered and paid for a Learjet from the Hansa operation two weeks before for the same trip , LaGuardia to Acapulco .
he had chartered and paid for a learjet from the hansa [use] two weeks before for the same trip , laguardia to acapulco .

With general , we may write the eigenvectors corresponding to , respectively ; hence the operation and is converted to the standard canonical form for matrices with distinct eigenvalues .
with general , we may write the eigenvectors corresponding to , respectively ; hence the [use] and is converted to the standard canonical form for matrices with distinct eigenvalues .

The operation would be totally impracticable .
the [use] would be totally impracticable .

Thus a very simple view of the operation of language as a coding system can be represented as follows : The broken line in this diagram indicates that although phonology is not actually realized in a written text , it is there `` by implication `` .
thus a very simple view of the [use] of language as a coding system can be represented as follows : the broken line in this diagram indicates that although phonology is not actually realized in a written text , it is there `` by implication `` .

Where schools patently did need greater assistance , Leslie Ryder reasoned , was in the production of materials , in the planning of course units making use of resources , and in the use and operation of audio-visual and reprographic equipment .
where schools patently did need greater assistance , leslie ryder reasoned , was in the production of materials , in the planning of course units making use of resources , and in the use and [use] of audio-visual and reprographic equipment .

After that — or if there are no such candidates — transfers come into operation , entailing fresh counts .
after that — or if there are no such candidates — transfers come into [use] , entailing fresh counts .

The transferability of votes is likewise a device essential to the operation of the system and devoid of any rational justification .
the transferability of votes is likewise a device essential to the [use] of the system and devoid of any rational justification .

That is true also of the three smallest of the West German Länder , but without significant detriment to the equitable operation of the system as a whole .
that is true also of the three smallest of the west german länder , but without significant detriment to the equitable [use] of the system as a whole .

To do so , eliminate each one ( in your mind ) from your operation .
to do so , eliminate each one ( in your mind ) from your [use] .

If he is accountable for production , he 'll get his production operation audited : raw material wastage , machinery down-time , absentee levels , quality standards and many other factors .
if he is accountable for production , he 'll get his production [use] audited : raw material wastage , machinery down-time , absentee levels , quality standards and many other factors .

The Profitboss surrounds himself with achievers : Frankie Dockertz who achieves the most efficient warehouse operation in the region , Liz Mills who has eyes for selecting the best sales people in the country , Betty Boyd who provides the most reliable administrative back-up in the company .
the profitboss surrounds himself with achievers : frankie dockertz who achieves the most efficient warehouse [use] in the region , liz mills who has eyes for selecting the best sales people in the country , betty boyd who provides the most reliable administrative back-up in the company .

Frankie sees the profit in getting a one-hour turn-around on the trucking operation at the warehouse .
frankie sees the profit in getting a one-hour turn-around on the trucking [use] at the warehouse .

An example would be the operation of anticlockwise rotation through 90 , which turns `` three steps east `` into `` three steps north `` .
an example would be the [use] of anticlockwise rotation through 90 , which turns `` three steps east `` into `` three steps north `` .

Its apparent unpredictability might be due just to the operation of undisclosed effects-hidden variables they were called .
its apparent unpredictability might be due just to the [use] of undisclosed effects-hidden variables they were called .

Gloucestershire fast bowler David Lawrence underwent an operation on Aug 15 to remove steel pins from the kneecap shattered in the closing stages of the final Test of England 's tour of New Zealand last winter .
gloucestershire fast bowler david lawrence underwent an [use] on aug 15 to remove steel pins from the kneecap shattered in the closing stages of the final test of england 's tour of new zealand last winter .

One shoulder operation and a season of water-treading later , this determined , self-assured competitor is once again strutting his stuff to destructive effect ; quite why he was overlooked for the Oval Test escapes me .
one shoulder [use] and a season of water-treading later , this determined , self-assured competitor is once again strutting his stuff to destructive effect ; quite why he was overlooked for the oval test escapes me .

Philip Tufnell is welcomed back to Test cricket after his appendix operation by a Waqar Younis yorker that hit him on the foot
philip tufnell is welcomed back to test cricket after his appendix [use] by a waqar younis yorker that hit him on the foot

This has the appearance of an emergency military operation which may not apply to the other civil defences , but these too must have been commissioned for a specific occasion , but where the emergency may not have been too critical .
this has the appearance of an emergency military [use] which may not apply to the other civil defences , but these too must have been commissioned for a specific occasion , but where the emergency may not have been too critical .

The search operation implies units of soldiers taking a village apart , over-turning haystacks , looking under floor coverings and making themselves a thoroughly unpleasant nuisance ; any Protest would merit instant reprisal .
the search [use] implies units of soldiers taking a village apart , over-turning haystacks , looking under floor coverings and making themselves a thoroughly unpleasant nuisance ; any protest would merit instant reprisal .

But even if the Verulamium defences were post-Hadrianic , it may not have been the same operation which provided for such an in-significant place as Great Casterton .
but even if the verulamium defences were post-hadrianic , it may not have been the same [use] which provided for such an in-significant place as great casterton .

Another factor was raised in a case in which the government did not properly consult local authorities ( as required by statute ) before making some regulations : by the time the application to revoke the regulations was heard , they had been in operation for some time and to revoke them would have caused considerable administrative inconvenience which could not be justified given that no real complaint was made about the substance of the regulations .
another factor was raised in a case in which the government did not properly consult local authorities ( as required by statute ) before making some regulations : by the time the application to revoke the regulations was heard , they had been in [use] for some time and to revoke them would have caused considerable administrative inconvenience which could not be justified given that no real complaint was made about the substance of the regulations .

The courts will always wish to retain a residual and undefined discretion to deal with unexpected cases but the scope for its operation must be kept as narrow as possible .
the courts will always wish to retain a residual and undefined discretion to deal with unexpected cases but the scope for its [use] must be kept as narrow as possible .

The ensuing doctrines of fraud , mistake , duress , undue influence and capacity reflect in their details a particular view of the appropriate operation of the market .
the ensuing doctrines of fraud , mistake , duress , undue influence and capacity reflect in their details a particular view of the appropriate [use] of the market .

Yet when we examine this restorative process in operation , we observe considerable redistributive exercises taking place .
yet when we examine this restorative process in [use] , we observe considerable redistributive exercises taking place .

Because the interdependence of these parties forms a complex pattern which can not be reduced to exchange relations alone , breakdowns of trust and reliance can jeopardize the existence of the entire retail operation .
because the interdependence of these parties forms a complex pattern which can not be reduced to exchange relations alone , breakdowns of trust and reliance can jeopardize the existence of the entire retail [use] .

If these intuitions are justified it follows that some exhaustive analyses of the concepts of excuse misconceive the social function and thereby distort the nature and operation of the criminal law .
if these intuitions are justified it follows that some exhaustive analyses of the concepts of excuse misconceive the social function and thereby distort the nature and [use] of the criminal law .

However , as we do not have direct control over the day-to-day operation of hotels etc .
however , as we do not have direct control over the day-to-day [use] of hotels etc .

The operation will be coordinated locally by municipal agencies , historical societies and art museums that will enlist as many as 25,000 volunteers , making it the largest volunteer cultural project in the country .
the [use] will be coordinated locally by municipal agencies , historical societies and art museums that will enlist as many as 25,000 volunteers , making it the largest volunteer cultural project in the country .

Ms Draper describes the operation to recover the Nanking treasure as a ‘ smash and grab ’ raid .
ms draper describes the [use] to recover the nanking treasure as a ‘ smash and grab ’ raid .

At a time when business is tottering , Landy 's enterprise sails close to the wind and could only have been mounted by a dealer whose new lease in Charlotte Street has secured his own operation .
at a time when business is tottering , landy 's enterprise sails close to the wind and could only have been mounted by a dealer whose new lease in charlotte street has secured his own [use] .

The government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of multiple and autonomous initiatives regarding the ownership and operation of the mass media .
the government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of multiple and autonomous initiatives regarding the ownership and [use] of the mass media .

It is this skewed nature of the existing private print media that has called for the participation of the government in the ownership and operation of the print media in this country .
it is this skewed nature of the existing private print media that has called for the participation of the government in the ownership and [use] of the print media in this country .

Speaking to The Art Newspaper Julian Thompson , Chairman of Sotheby 's Far East operation , explained that the present scheme evolved from a successful charity sale held in Bombay in 1989 .
speaking to the art newspaper julian thompson , chairman of sotheby 's far east [use] , explained that the present scheme evolved from a successful charity sale held in bombay in 1989 .

While it made a number of positive points , the commission was nonetheless fairly critical in its assessment of the operation of the Gallery .
while it made a number of positive points , the commission was nonetheless fairly critical in its assessment of the [use] of the gallery .

The new law is said to alter the priorities of the operation to safeguard Venice , giving precedence to overhauling the conditions in the Lagoon such as reinforcing the shore-line and mud-flats , controlling pollution , checking on fish-farms and the eventual elimination of petrol tankers , before carrying out the installation of the flood barriers .
the new law is said to alter the priorities of the [use] to safeguard venice , giving precedence to overhauling the conditions in the lagoon such as reinforcing the shore-line and mud-flats , controlling pollution , checking on fish-farms and the eventual elimination of petrol tankers , before carrying out the installation of the flood barriers .

The government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of multiple and autonomous initiatives regarding the ownership and operation of the mass media .
the government does not have any intention to suppress the existence of multiple and autonomous initiatives regarding the ownership and [use] of the mass media .

It is this skewed nature of the existing private print media that has called for the participation of the government in the ownership and operation of the print media in this country .
it is this skewed nature of the existing private print media that has called for the participation of the government in the ownership and [use] of the print media in this country .

The examples are endless , so if you decide that Christmas presents are appropriate for your operation all you have to do is use your imagination to find the right creative approach .
the examples are endless , so if you decide that christmas presents are appropriate for your [use] all you have to do is use your imagination to find the right creative approach .

If the subject is one which is likely to be covered fairly regularly the expense of such an operation will be recouped .
if the subject is one which is likely to be covered fairly regularly the expense of such an [use] will be recouped .

Free giveaways are almost always associated with new products and form part of the sampling operation which is often necessary for the public to acquire a taste for them .
free giveaways are almost always associated with new products and form part of the sampling [use] which is often necessary for the public to acquire a taste for them .

Finally , and more generally , it may perhaps be worthwhile to spell out the ways in which production may not match up to ideals under either regulation or unfettered market operation .
finally , and more generally , it may perhaps be worthwhile to spell out the ways in which production may not match up to ideals under either regulation or unfettered market [use] .

The last major constraint , and the one we will examine in most detail , is peer group pressure on the managers themselves , or the operation of the managerial labour market .
the last major constraint , and the one we will examine in most detail , is peer group pressure on the managers themselves , or the [use] of the managerial labour market .

Therefore we can not make the a priori assertion that private ownership and unfettered operation is always more efficient .
therefore we can not make the a priori assertion that private ownership and unfettered [use] is always more efficient .

Leading on from this , a more general point is that where the objective of the operation is rather broader than profit maximization , shareholder control is probably far less appropriate than state control ( see , for example , Baumol , 1984 ) .
leading on from this , a more general point is that where the objective of the [use] is rather broader than profit maximization , shareholder control is probably far less appropriate than state control ( see , for example , baumol , 1984 ) .

Many of these management activities would occur automatically in best-practice private companies , spurred on by managers adopting broad views of their briefs , although it is not always clear what motivates the manager to behave in this way — perhaps the operation of the managerial labour market ?
many of these management activities would occur automatically in best-practice private companies , spurred on by managers adopting broad views of their briefs , although it is not always clear what motivates the manager to behave in this way — perhaps the [use] of the managerial labour market ?

In the work of the French Marxist Louis Althusser , the family , as an ‘ ideological state apparatus ’ , becomes the scene of the operation of ideological processes whereby the reproduction of existing social relations of production is secured , but even this more sophisticated version assumes a functionalist fit between intention and effect .
in the work of the french marxist louis althusser , the family , as an ‘ ideological state apparatus ’ , becomes the scene of the [use] of ideological processes whereby the reproduction of existing social relations of production is secured , but even this more sophisticated version assumes a functionalist fit between intention and effect .

The columns of The Lancet suggest that the operation was performed , though it aroused fierce opposition , and was soon abandoned .
the columns of the lancet suggest that the [use] was performed , though it aroused fierce opposition , and was soon abandoned .

Only as they were put into operation , piecemeal , were their assumptions clarified , and their aims consciously formulated and defended by regulationists .
only as they were put into [use] , piecemeal , were their assumptions clarified , and their aims consciously formulated and defended by regulationists .

And only as the operation of the Acts was perceived did a groundswell of opposition develop .
and only as the [use] of the acts was perceived did a groundswell of opposition develop .

It was all part of his campaign to enable him to take part in Operation Raleigh in February this year .
it was all part of his campaign to enable him to take part in [use] raleigh in february this year .

Throughout , five core areas are being developed ; ( i ) External Relationships ; ( ii ) Internal Structure and Operation ; ( iii ) Membership ; ( iv ) Finance ; ( v ) Research Papers .
throughout , five core areas are being developed ; ( i ) external relationships ; ( ii ) internal structure and [use] ; ( iii ) membership ; ( iv ) finance ; ( v ) research papers .

The immediate pretext for limiting the period of the Act 's operation was , it was announced , the need for a thorough review of the poor relief system before any major permanent change was introduced .
the immediate pretext for limiting the period of the act 's [use] was , it was announced , the need for a thorough review of the poor relief system before any major permanent change was introduced .

The inability or unwillingness of many local Boards of Guardians and/or education committees to reach any agreement over the operation of the Conservative scheme , and the unwillingness of many parents to allow themselves to be pauperized by it , had made it largely ineffective .
the inability or unwillingness of many local boards of guardians and/or education committees to reach any agreement over the [use] of the conservative scheme , and the unwillingness of many parents to allow themselves to be pauperized by it , had made it largely ineffective .

However , with a business operation the size of ours , ( we handle nearly 1m parcels every working day ) it is possible that things will occasionally go wrong .
however , with a business [use] the size of ours , ( we handle nearly 1m parcels every working day ) it is possible that things will occasionally go wrong .

However , with a business operation the size of ours , it is possible that things will sometimes go wrong .
however , with a business [use] the size of ours , it is possible that things will sometimes go wrong .

Much of its business was concerned with continuing statutes that would otherwise lapse , repealing some that had become irksome , or modifying others which had revealed weaknesses in operation .
much of its business was concerned with continuing statutes that would otherwise lapse , repealing some that had become irksome , or modifying others which had revealed weaknesses in [use] .

any plant ( machinery , equipment or appliance ) designed for use or operation ( whether exclusively or note ) by persons at work , and
any plant ( machinery , equipment or appliance ) designed for use or [use] ( whether exclusively or note ) by persons at work , and

The Training and Employment Agency , which began operation on 2 April 1990 , is the body responsible for the administration and delivery of all Government training programmes in Northern Ireland .
the training and employment agency , which began [use] on 2 april 1990 , is the body responsible for the administration and delivery of all government training programmes in northern ireland .

According to Margaret Ribble ( 1943 ) , indeed , for the newborn baby ‘ the need for contact with the mother is urgent in order to keep the reflex mechanisms connected with breathing in operation as well as to bring the sensory nervous system into functional activity ’ .
according to margaret ribble ( 1943 ) , indeed , for the newborn baby ‘ the need for contact with the mother is urgent in order to keep the reflex mechanisms connected with breathing in [use] as well as to bring the sensory nervous system into functional activity ’ .

Everywhere there was a persistent tension between Western forms of organization and operation and the real modus operandi they often cloaked .
everywhere there was a persistent tension between western forms of organization and [use] and the real modus operandi they often cloaked .

The conventional morality and social operation of the various castes remained to a degree distinct from each other at the end of the Tokugawa period .
the conventional morality and social [use] of the various castes remained to a degree distinct from each other at the end of the tokugawa period .

Small groups provided the context of day-to-day operation .
small groups provided the context of day-to-day [use] .

Calculated manipulation and the need for security in a rapidly changing society led to the family mode of operation being simulated in other institutions , giving rise in the early years of the twentieth century to many quasi-family organizations .
calculated manipulation and the need for security in a rapidly changing society led to the family mode of [use] being simulated in other institutions , giving rise in the early years of the twentieth century to many quasi-family organizations .

Even the most optimistic forecasters , though , never expected the Japanese to change their mode of social operation overnight .
even the most optimistic forecasters , though , never expected the japanese to change their mode of social [use] overnight .

That is to say , there was someone with the responsibility for each operation accountable to ‘ somebody at the top ’ .
that is to say , there was someone with the responsibility for each [use] accountable to ‘ somebody at the top ’ .

Those of the informal organisation are generally oral and usually very fast in their operation .
those of the informal organisation are generally oral and usually very fast in their [use] .

We have described how meetings can have a variety of objectives and be used for a number of tasks , and we have described the procedures which normally govern the operation of formal meetings .
we have described how meetings can have a variety of objectives and be used for a number of tasks , and we have described the procedures which normally govern the [use] of formal meetings .

The 1990 legislation authorizes the establishment of a stock exchange , sets out the preconditions for its statutes and rules of procedure , provides for its membership and operation , and establishes a system for arbitration of disputes between securities traders and between issuers and traders .
the 1990 legislation authorizes the establishment of a stock exchange , sets out the preconditions for its statutes and rules of procedure , provides for its membership and [use] , and establishes a system for arbitration of disputes between securities traders and between issuers and traders .

The cost of its operation is part of the budget and the state assets under the agency 's control must not be utilized for the purposes of the
the cost of its [use] is part of the budget and the state assets under the agency 's control must not be utilized for the purposes of the

The Supervisory Authority exercises its supervision not only over the operation of the stock exchange but also over all public buying and selling of securities .
the supervisory authority exercises its supervision not only over the [use] of the stock exchange but also over all public buying and selling of securities .

Its terms of operation are issued by the Minister of Finance .
its terms of [use] are issued by the minister of finance .

It may issue the licence for the operation of the stock exchange , it may suspend its functioning , it may impose penalties , may suspend the dealing in certain securities , and may commence proceedings in cases of insider dealing .
it may issue the licence for the [use] of the stock exchange , it may suspend its functioning , it may impose penalties , may suspend the dealing in certain securities , and may commence proceedings in cases of insider dealing .

However large or small your business operation , whether you manufacture goods or provide a service , there may be times when you need to borrow funds for the day-to-day financing of your working capital or to tide you over an unexpected cash flow problem .
however large or small your business [use] , whether you manufacture goods or provide a service , there may be times when you need to borrow funds for the day-to-day financing of your working capital or to tide you over an unexpected cash flow problem .

Vadgama emerged from hospital in Marseilles after a complicated facial operation ; he had a bone transplant in his nose and cheek and his brown skin was marked with the fresh scars .
vadgama emerged from hospital in marseilles after a complicated facial [use] ; he had a bone transplant in his nose and cheek and his brown skin was marked with the fresh scars .

Mike was an excellent shot at short and long distances and taught me how to control my weapon , how to change magazines with a simple wrist flick operation , and where it was best to hit a person if you wanted to be sure of incapacitating him .
mike was an excellent shot at short and long distances and taught me how to control my weapon , how to change magazines with a simple wrist flick [use] , and where it was best to hit a person if you wanted to be sure of incapacitating him .

For the British Army , it had been Operation Corporate , the reclaiming of the Falkland Islands in 1982 .
for the british army , it had been [use] corporate , the reclaiming of the falkland islands in 1982 .

Science may be concerned with impersonal forces , religion with personalized gods ; but the very word force carried religious meanings , even for Isaac Newton ( 1642–1727 ) who , in describing the operation of a gravitational force in mathematical terms , also ascribed it to an omnipotent God .
science may be concerned with impersonal forces , religion with personalized gods ; but the very word force carried religious meanings , even for isaac newton ( 1642–1727 ) who , in describing the [use] of a gravitational force in mathematical terms , also ascribed it to an omnipotent god .

There was some positive end both of its essence and its operation .
there was some positive end both of its essence and its [use] .

In addition to functions directly connected with the process of bringing alleged offenders to justice and supervising their subsequent punishment or treatment , the Home Secretary has responsibility for the operation of the Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme and other provisions for the victims of crime , and for stimulating crime prevention measures .
in addition to functions directly connected with the process of bringing alleged offenders to justice and supervising their subsequent punishment or treatment , the home secretary has responsibility for the [use] of the criminal injuries compensation scheme and other provisions for the victims of crime , and for stimulating crime prevention measures .

Stephen Koss 's verdict on the political press during the twentieth century applies with equal force to its impact on the operation of criminal justice :
stephen koss 's verdict on the political press during the twentieth century applies with equal force to its impact on the [use] of criminal justice :

In order to stress their independence , Franks wanted the Lord Chancellor to assume full administrative responsibility for the operation of virtually all tribunals .
in order to stress their independence , franks wanted the lord chancellor to assume full administrative responsibility for the [use] of virtually all tribunals .

The basic premise of the meetings has been that ‘ co-operation between the various agencies which comprise the criminal justice system is crucial to the successful operation of the system as a whole ’ .
the basic premise of the meetings has been that ‘ co-operation between the various agencies which comprise the criminal justice system is crucial to the successful [use] of the system as a whole ’ .

Information and opinions are now exchanged on broad questions of strategy , policy and resources ; the preparation of legislation and White and Green Papers ; the gathering of statistics about the operation of the system ; and the uses of technology in the courts and in the preparation of cases .
information and opinions are now exchanged on broad questions of strategy , policy and resources ; the preparation of legislation and white and green papers ; the gathering of statistics about the [use] of the system ; and the uses of technology in the courts and in the preparation of cases .

The centralized administration of the courts , and the acquisition of new responsibilities , has given the Lord Chancellor 's Department more of a leading role in the operation of criminal justice .
the centralized administration of the courts , and the acquisition of new responsibilities , has given the lord chancellor 's department more of a leading role in the [use] of criminal justice .

The main argument for a separate Ministry , more extensive in range than a Department of Legal Administration , is that the regulatory functions of the Home Office : the maintenance of public order , the strength of the police , the operation of the prisons and the penal system , immigration control and extradition , create unavoidable conflicts with the promotion of justice .
the main argument for a separate ministry , more extensive in range than a department of legal administration , is that the regulatory functions of the home office : the maintenance of public order , the strength of the police , the [use] of the prisons and the penal system , immigration control and extradition , create unavoidable conflicts with the promotion of justice .

Although pre-occupied with planning the invasion of the continent of Europe ( Operation Overlord ) which came on 6 June 1944 , Winston Churchill devoted his attention to a matter which must have seemed far removed from the great events by which he was surrounded .
although pre-occupied with planning the invasion of the continent of europe ( [use] overlord ) which came on 6 june 1944 , winston churchill devoted his attention to a matter which must have seemed far removed from the great events by which he was surrounded .

MPs familiar with claims for workmen 's compensation , or the operation of the Industrial Injuries Compensation Scheme , took a leading part .
mps familiar with claims for workmen 's compensation , or the [use] of the industrial injuries compensation scheme , took a leading part .

Improvements at existing establishments have also been curtailed and will be necessarily confined in the years ahead to the renewal of essential services and repairs to enable establishments to continue in full operation .
improvements at existing establishments have also been curtailed and will be necessarily confined in the years ahead to the renewal of essential services and repairs to enable establishments to continue in full [use] .

Canadian Pacific in operation
canadian pacific in [use]

There will be four engines in operation with two trains to push , pull , top and tail , and double-head .
there will be four engines in [use] with two trains to push , pull , top and tail , and double-head .

It has no affiliation to any preservation society or other national group , being established merely as a focal point for those wishing to , either , exchange information on current steam operation worldwide , or , to indulge in the sheer nostalgia of days bygone .
it has no affiliation to any preservation society or other national group , being established merely as a focal point for those wishing to , either , exchange information on current steam [use] worldwide , or , to indulge in the sheer nostalgia of days bygone .

The intensive service with large locos and the smooth operation were certainly appreciated .
the intensive service with large locos and the smooth [use] were certainly appreciated .

Most of these engines will be in operation during the next Diesel Weekend on 12th/13th October .
most of these engines will be in [use] during the next diesel weekend on 12th/13th october .

So he has followed a dual approach , honouring the supply to the supermarkets while continuing to supply and expand the local market ; it is only in this way that the operation has been able to survive and continue to provide a quality product while supporting a number of local employees and their families .
so he has followed a dual approach , honouring the supply to the supermarkets while continuing to supply and expand the local market ; it is only in this way that the [use] has been able to survive and continue to provide a quality product while supporting a number of local employees and their families .

Where information technology permits operational integration across borders , other forms of technology are transforming what happens within each operation .
where information technology permits operational integration across borders , other forms of technology are transforming what happens within each [use] .

Alternatively , the firm can choose to set up a local operation and simply ‘ clone ’ the domestic business in the foreign country .
alternatively , the firm can choose to set up a local [use] and simply ‘ clone ’ the domestic business in the foreign country .

By independence , seven mills were in operation , all owned , wholly or partly , by local Asians .
by independence , seven mills were in [use] , all owned , wholly or partly , by local asians .

Even when the industry persuaded the authorities to introduce and enforce bans on imports , it did not change the operation of the highly concentrated domestic wholesale textile market .
even when the industry persuaded the authorities to introduce and enforce bans on imports , it did not change the [use] of the highly concentrated domestic wholesale textile market .

Platoon was quickly followed by John Irvine 's Hamburger Hill ( 1987 ) , which remains the only Vietnam film to deal with a single significant operation that actually occurred .
platoon was quickly followed by john irvine 's hamburger hill ( 1987 ) , which remains the only vietnam film to deal with a single significant [use] that actually occurred .

In Operation ‘ Apache Snow ’ units of the 3rd Brigade , 101st Airborne Division ( Airmobile ) were ordered to take Dong Ap Bia , designated Hill 937 , in the A-Shau Valley in May 1969 .
in [use] ‘ apache snow ’ units of the 3rd brigade , 101st airborne division ( airmobile ) were ordered to take dong ap bia , designated hill 937 , in the a-shau valley in may 1969 .

The film avoided showing the strategy and the overall complexity and scope of the operation , possibly because the orders given by some senior officers were later subjected to considerable criticism .
the film avoided showing the strategy and the overall complexity and scope of the [use] , possibly because the orders given by some senior officers were later subjected to considerable criticism .

Once thought is freed from the concrete situation the way is clear for symbolic manipulation and for Piaget 's stage of formal operation in which the real becomes a sub-set of the possible .
once thought is freed from the concrete situation the way is clear for symbolic manipulation and for piaget 's stage of formal [use] in which the real becomes a sub-set of the possible .

Once thought is freed from the concrete situation the way is clear for symbolic manipulation and for Piaget 's stage of formal operation in which the real becomes a sub-set of the possible ’ ( ibid .
once thought is freed from the concrete situation the way is clear for symbolic manipulation and for piaget 's stage of formal [use] in which the real becomes a sub-set of the possible ’ ( ibid .

When this operation has been done according to the conventional wisdom you then decide whether you like where you are apparently going to end up .
when this [use] has been done according to the conventional wisdom you then decide whether you like where you are apparently going to end up .

The industrial equivalent of fiddling while Rome burns is to spend hours of internal management time arguing about the allocation of costs between departments or divisions , when the real problem is that the whole cost of the operation is too high .
the industrial equivalent of fiddling while rome burns is to spend hours of internal management time arguing about the allocation of costs between departments or divisions , when the real problem is that the whole cost of the [use] is too high .

Some in industry have to carry out the same operation .
some in industry have to carry out the same [use] .

Organizations which set great store by behavioural conformity often develop patterns of operation which can appear ridiculous in their manifestations .
organizations which set great store by behavioural conformity often develop patterns of [use] which can appear ridiculous in their manifestations .

These symbols are used to denote particular aspects of the hotel 's operation which are considered significantly above the standard applied by the star classification granted , but not necessarily above that expected from a hotel in a higher classification .
these symbols are used to denote particular aspects of the hotel 's [use] which are considered significantly above the standard applied by the star classification granted , but not necessarily above that expected from a hotel in a higher classification .

1.1 ) the organisation is comparatively simple , with a manager or manageress supervising all the areas of operation .
1.1 ) the organisation is comparatively simple , with a manager or manageress supervising all the areas of [use] .

As a hotel increases in size , however , the tasks have to be subdivided into separate areas of work and supervised by section heads ; and in a very large hotel ( Fig. 1.2 ) the volume of work is such that under departmental heads staff specialise in one aspect of the work only and there is little opportunity to relate their individual efforts to the whole operation .
as a hotel increases in size , however , the tasks have to be subdivided into separate areas of work and supervised by section heads ; and in a very large hotel ( fig. 1.2 ) the volume of work is such that under departmental heads staff specialise in one aspect of the work only and there is little opportunity to relate their individual efforts to the whole [use] .

Similarly , other centralised reservation systems are in operation which are not attached to any particular group .
similarly , other centralised reservation systems are in [use] which are not attached to any particular group .

The success of this type of operation depends on planning , organisation , attention to detail , efficiency of staff and complete co-operation from all departments .
the success of this type of [use] depends on planning , organisation , attention to detail , efficiency of staff and complete co-operation from all departments .

Time and labour can be saved by simultaneous posting in one operation ( about five times faster than posting by hand ) .
time and labour can be saved by simultaneous posting in one [use] ( about five times faster than posting by hand ) .

Simplicity of operation .
simplicity of [use] .

The Social Security Act 1973 , came into operation on 6 April 1975 .
the social security act 1973 , came into [use] on 6 april 1975 .

Hence , a small family guest house or tea rooms may be excluded from the Act 's operation .
hence , a small family guest house or tea rooms may be excluded from the act 's [use] .

Five of the nine practices had been collecting the types of data required by the regional health authority for several years , and all of the practices had computer systems in operation before the preparation period .
five of the nine practices had been collecting the types of data required by the regional health authority for several years , and all of the practices had computer systems in [use] before the preparation period .

The first point is that the operation is not of overall benefit to the patient — for example , the risk of death during the operation outweighs the likely benefit of the operation for the patient .
the first point is that the [use] is not of overall benefit to the patient — for example , the risk of death during the [use] outweighs the likely benefit of the [use] for the patient .

It is also important to establish what kinds of operation will have to be done at each stage , in case there is any question of allocating some operations to the keyboarders or indeed to built-in automatic systems .
it is also important to establish what kinds of [use] will have to be done at each stage , in case there is any question of allocating some operations to the keyboarders or indeed to built-in automatic systems .

The types of operation envisaged . The editor must be able to :
the types of [use] envisaged . the editor must be able to :

recover the text as it was before the editorial operation began .
recover the text as it was before the editorial [use] began .

The second operation would be needed not only at this stage but also , and even more , for the final and ongoing phase of continuous updating .
the second [use] would be needed not only at this stage but also , and even more , for the final and ongoing phase of continuous updating .

Both the functions to be performed , and the method of operation of this system must be described .
both the functions to be performed , and the method of [use] of this system must be described .

An effective work group is in operation .
an effective work group is in [use] .

Eleven mobile eye screening units are now in operation throughout the United Kingdom .
eleven mobile eye screening units are now in [use] throughout the united kingdom .

The president 's efforts , early in 1977 , to eliminate arbitrarily some public works water projects dear to the hearts and the constituent interests of members caused uproar in Congress and legislators were heavily critical of the quality of Carter 's legislative liaison operation .
the president 's efforts , early in 1977 , to eliminate arbitrarily some public works water projects dear to the hearts and the constituent interests of members caused uproar in congress and legislators were heavily critical of the quality of carter 's legislative liaison [use] .

The staff recruited were young and inexperienced and the structure of the operation was seriously flawed .
the staff recruited were young and inexperienced and the structure of the [use] was seriously flawed .

Legislative liaison in the Carter administration had been notably weak ; Frank Moore , a fellow Georgian whom Carter placed in charge of the operation , had no previous congressional experience and proved inept and insensitive in his dealings with members of congress in the crucial early months .
legislative liaison in the carter administration had been notably weak ; frank moore , a fellow georgian whom carter placed in charge of the [use] , had no previous congressional experience and proved inept and insensitive in his dealings with members of congress in the crucial early months .

Again in contrast to the Carter administration , the Reagan legislative liaison office mounted an efficient operation .
again in contrast to the carter administration , the reagan legislative liaison office mounted an efficient [use] .

As the moment approached for a key procedural vote that would make or break Reagan 's programme , Stockman received an agitated telephone call from Bill Thomas , a conservative Republican from California and an agent of the administration on Capitol Hill : This extended quotation provides a fascinating picture of the American pluralist system in operation while helping us to understand why the Reaganites were successful in fashioning the coalitions they required in the House of Representatives .
as the moment approached for a key procedural vote that would make or break reagan 's programme , stockman received an agitated telephone call from bill thomas , a conservative republican from california and an agent of the administration on capitol hill : this extended quotation provides a fascinating picture of the american pluralist system in [use] while helping us to understand why the reaganites were successful in fashioning the coalitions they required in the house of representatives .

They mounted an especially effective legislative liaison operation that secured a high level of Republican unity while drawing in conservative Democrats .
they mounted an especially effective legislative liaison [use] that secured a high level of republican unity while drawing in conservative democrats .

Even for severely ill patients a good long term outlook can be expected for most of those undergoing transplantation ; the overall survival of 70 % at a mean of 69 months for those discharged from hospital after such an operation compares favourably with the long term results of cardiac transplantation worldwide .
even for severely ill patients a good long term outlook can be expected for most of those undergoing transplantation ; the overall survival of 70 % at a mean of 69 months for those discharged from hospital after such an [use] compares favourably with the long term results of cardiac transplantation worldwide .

They also included the operation of ‘ stand down , ’ by which the airline retained scarce skills by allowing people to work elsewhere on part pay but having the opportunity to recall them at a month 's notice .
they also included the [use] of ‘ stand down , ’ by which the airline retained scarce skills by allowing people to work elsewhere on part pay but having the opportunity to recall them at a month 's notice .

Operation is a last resort and was not very successful in my time .
[use] is a last resort and was not very successful in my time .

In relating everyday experience of consensus pressures to the overarching priority of economic growth , we find that it is not only the state that constructs their operation .
in relating everyday experience of consensus pressures to the overarching priority of economic growth , we find that it is not only the state that constructs their [use] .

Marketing itself tends to be a more specialist operation organised through trading companies who act as agents for manufacturers .
marketing itself tends to be a more specialist [use] organised through trading companies who act as agents for manufacturers .

This high level of mortality stands in stark contrast to the operation of support mechanism for large companies and was highlighted vividly during the recession of the mid-1970s .
this high level of mortality stands in stark contrast to the [use] of support mechanism for large companies and was highlighted vividly during the recession of the mid-1970s .

The Outline Statement of User Requirements identifies the functions , method of operation , performance levels , control , and security which are required of the new computer system .
the outline statement of user requirements identifies the functions , method of [use] , performance levels , control , and security which are required of the new computer system .

to be designed so that essential operation does not depend on any single component .
to be designed so that essential [use] does not depend on any single component .

to be designed for ‘ unstressed operation ’ so that processing may generally be completed within normal working hours
to be designed for ‘ unstressed [use] ’ so that processing may generally be completed within normal working hours

It is desirable for the text editor to have the ability to cancel the latest operation performed .
it is desirable for the text editor to have the ability to cancel the latest [use] performed .

The system must be capable of ‘ unattended operation ’ .
the system must be capable of ‘ unattended [use] ’ .

The system should be able to cope at all times with the workload resulting from continuous operation of seven dedicated user terminals , and occasional use of two user terminals for simple enquiries and for examining portions of text .
the system should be able to cope at all times with the workload resulting from continuous [use] of seven dedicated user terminals , and occasional use of two user terminals for simple enquiries and for examining portions of text .

Computer Operation
computer [use]

The system should record the resources used during each terminal session , so that the utilization of the operation can be monitored and appropriate actions taken to prevent resource shortages from becoming a problem .
the system should record the resources used during each terminal session , so that the utilization of the [use] can be monitored and appropriate actions taken to prevent resource shortages from becoming a problem .

Since the whole database is regularly copied to tape for recovery purposes the archive will also be secured by the same operation .
since the whole database is regularly copied to tape for recovery purposes the archive will also be secured by the same [use] .

If the primary log file is flawed then the software performing the rebuild operation will switch to the reserve log .
if the primary log file is flawed then the software performing the rebuild [use] will switch to the reserve log .

Correct operation of this process has been verified during development testing , and will be confirmed by proof-reading of the processed text .
correct [use] of this process has been verified during development testing , and will be confirmed by proof-reading of the processed text .

Also very important , if at all possible , is to have some idea of a teacher 's normal mode of operation .
also very important , if at all possible , is to have some idea of a teacher 's normal mode of [use] .

The most difficult operation is transferring the ants to the housing , and is best done out of doors .
the most difficult [use] is transferring the ants to the housing , and is best done out of doors .

If a read or write operation is started on a peripheral device , the computer awaits the completion of this operation before continuing with the next .
if a read or write [use] is started on a peripheral device , the computer awaits the completion of this [use] before continuing with the next .

When we consider that a typical input/output operation is thousands or millions of times slower than a typical internal operation ( such as the addition of two numbers ) , and that there may be other tasks to which the computer could turn its attention while such an operation is going on , then we can see scope for redesigning the computer in this area .
when we consider that a typical input/output [use] is thousands or millions of times slower than a typical internal [use] ( such as the addition of two numbers ) , and that there may be other tasks to which the computer could turn its attention while such an [use] is going on , then we can see scope for redesigning the computer in this area .

We introduce the term transput from the Algol 68 language to cover both input and output : thus for instance we will talk of a transput device instead of a peripheral device , and a transput operation instead of an input/output operation .
we introduce the term transput from the algol 68 language to cover both input and output : thus for instance we will talk of a transput device instead of a peripheral device , and a transput [use] instead of an input/output [use] .

The control unit supervises the operation of the other three sections of the computer discussed above .
the control unit supervises the [use] of the other three sections of the computer discussed above .

The fetch phase involves extracting the contents of the store location referred to by the program counter , and decoding it into an operation code portion , specifying an operation to be carried out , and an operand portion , specifying a store address ( whose numeric value we will indicate as The program counter is then incremented by one , to point to the next store location in sequence , since this normally holds the next instruction to be executed .
the fetch phase involves extracting the contents of the store location referred to by the program counter , and decoding it into an [use] code portion , specifying an [use] to be carried out , and an operand portion , specifying a store address ( whose numeric value we will indicate as the program counter is then incremented by one , to point to the next store location in sequence , since this normally holds the next instruction to be executed .

The control unit then enters the execute phase , to carry out the operation decoded in the fetch phase .
the control unit then enters the execute phase , to carry out the [use] decoded in the fetch phase .

In early computers , as mentioned above , input/output ( or transput ) operations were treated in the same way as internal operations ( such as addition ) ; once the operation had been started , the control unit awaited its completion , before continuing with the extraction , decoding , and execution of the next instruction .
in early computers , as mentioned above , input/output ( or transput ) operations were treated in the same way as internal operations ( such as addition ) ; once the [use] had been started , the control unit awaited its completion , before continuing with the extraction , decoding , and execution of the next instruction .

This was an inefficient system , since there would often be other processing that the computer could be doing while a transput operation was being completed .
this was an inefficient system , since there would often be other processing that the computer could be doing while a transput [use] was being completed .

We therefore modify each transput instruction so that it merely initiates an operation ( such as to print a digit on the electric typewriter ) , and allow the control unit immediately to continue with the next and subsequent instructions while the transput operation is being carried out .
we therefore modify each transput instruction so that it merely initiates an [use] ( such as to print a digit on the electric typewriter ) , and allow the control unit immediately to continue with the next and subsequent instructions while the transput [use] is being carried out .

The program must have some way of establishing when a transput operation is complete , so that a further operation can be initiated or ( in the input case ) so that the input character can be processed .
the program must have some way of establishing when a transput [use] is complete , so that a further [use] can be initiated or ( in the input case ) so that the input character can be processed .

To this end each transput device has an associated one-bit register , which is cleared as an operation starts and is set to one when it terminates ; an instruction is provided to read this register , and thus the programmer can establish when a transput operation is complete .
to this end each transput device has an associated one-bit register , which is cleared as an [use] starts and is set to one when it terminates ; an instruction is provided to read this register , and thus the programmer can establish when a transput [use] is complete .

As with the history of the automobile , several radically different early designs were tried out before the main stream of development settled on the Von Neumann model ; some of these ideas have reappeared as specialized computers or as variations on the basic model ( for example parallel operation of components of the data manipulation unit ) .
as with the history of the automobile , several radically different early designs were tried out before the main stream of development settled on the von neumann model ; some of these ideas have reappeared as specialized computers or as variations on the basic model ( for example parallel [use] of components of the data manipulation unit ) .

Because of the low precision of 8-bit arithmetic , facilities are provided for propagating a carry bit from one arithmetic operation to the next , so that multiple-precision arithmetic operations can be programmed .
because of the low precision of 8-bit arithmetic , facilities are provided for propagating a carry bit from one arithmetic [use] to the next , so that multiple-precision arithmetic operations can be programmed .

Three instruction formats are used ; a 1-byte format with just an operation code ( for example " clear accumulator " ) , a 2-byte format with an operation code and a 1-byte operand field ( for example " load into accumulator the value in the second byte of the instruction " ) , and a 3-byte format with an operation code and a 2-byte operand field ( for example " load into accumulator the contents of the byte whose address is given by the second and third bytes of the instruction " ) .
three instruction formats are used ; a 1-byte format with just an [use] code ( for example " clear accumulator " ) , a 2-byte format with an [use] code and a 1-byte operand field ( for example " load into accumulator the value in the second byte of the instruction " ) , and a 3-byte format with an [use] code and a 2-byte operand field ( for example " load into accumulator the contents of the byte whose address is given by the second and third bytes of the instruction " ) .

( a ) Synchronous and asynchronous operation .
( a ) synchronous and asynchronous [use] .

One particularly important design decision is the choice of word length , since this affects how instructions are stored , the number of bits which are used to specify operation codes and addressing modes , and what data formats can or must be provided ( for example , double-length working may be a necessity , if a short word length is chosen ) .
one particularly important design decision is the choice of word length , since this affects how instructions are stored , the number of bits which are used to specify [use] codes and addressing modes , and what data formats can or must be provided ( for example , double-length working may be a necessity , if a short word length is chosen ) .

In a shift operation , a decision has to be taken as to what is to happen at each end of the shifted pattern .
in a shift [use] , a decision has to be taken as to what is to happen at each end of the shifted pattern .

Alternatively , we could provide multiplication and division only of non-negative numbers , or multiplication but not division , or multiplication together with the operation of taking the reciprocal ( as on the Cray-1 super-computer ) .
alternatively , we could provide multiplication and division only of non-negative numbers , or multiplication but not division , or multiplication together with the [use] of taking the reciprocal ( as on the cray-1 super-computer ) .

Overflow is the condition in arithmetic calculation when the result of an operation can not be correctly represented within the computer , without changing the form of representation .
overflow is the condition in arithmetic calculation when the result of an [use] can not be correctly represented within the computer , without changing the form of representation .

The basic requirement is for a carry flag , a one-bit processor register which is set according to whether or not carry occurs out of the accumulator during an arithmetic operation ; the carry is out of the left-hand or next to the left-hand bit position , depending on whether the left-hand bit Position participates in multiple.length arithmetic or not .
the basic requirement is for a carry flag , a one-bit processor register which is set according to whether or not carry occurs out of the accumulator during an arithmetic [use] ; the carry is out of the left-hand or next to the left-hand bit position , depending on whether the left-hand bit position participates in multiple.length arithmetic or not .

Notice the difference between overflow and carry ; overflow indicates that the result of an arithmetic operation is invalid , while carry always occurs ( for example ) when adding two negative numbers together .
notice the difference between overflow and carry ; overflow indicates that the result of an arithmetic [use] is invalid , while carry always occurs ( for example ) when adding two negative numbers together .

Standard floating.point instructions normalize the result of each arithmetic operation ; this is known as post-normalization .
standard floating.point instructions normalize the result of each arithmetic [use] ; this is known as post-normalization .

An additional set of floating.point instructions is sometimes provided which does not post-normalize the result of an operation .
an additional set of floating.point instructions is sometimes provided which does not post-normalize the result of an [use] .

In some computers underflow in an operation forces a true zero result with no error indication .
in some computers underflow in an [use] forces a true zero result with no error indication .

This operation can be used for extracting fields of interest from a word by `` masking `` .
this [use] can be used for extracting fields of interest from a word by `` masking `` .

This operation can also be used to clear a specified bit of a word to zero , as shown in Figure 2.12 ( a `` ) .
this [use] can also be used to clear a specified bit of a word to zero , as shown in figure 2.12 ( a `` ) .

This operation can be used to set a specified bit of a word to one , as shown in Figure 2.12 ( b ' ) .
this [use] can be used to set a specified bit of a word to one , as shown in figure 2.12 ( b ' ) .

Masking is such a common operation that many computers provide at least one arithmetic or logical instruction which can specify a mask as well as the primary operands .
masking is such a common [use] that many computers provide at least one arithmetic or logical instruction which can specify a mask as well as the primary operands .

Only those bit positions corresponding to a one in the mask are involved in the primary operation .
only those bit positions corresponding to a one in the mask are involved in the primary [use] .

The two possible forms of operation are shown in Figure 2.14 .
the two possible forms of [use] are shown in figure 2.14 .

Many computers have an instruction which is a variation on the operation of scanning the bit positions of a computer word .
many computers have an instruction which is a variation on the [use] of scanning the bit positions of a computer word .

An alternative approach is for the instruction to scan from ( usually ) the most-significant to the least.significant end of the word , searching for the first bit set to one , and placing the number of that bit position in a suitable register , Notice the similarity between this operation and the " shift and count " instruction discussed in the last section .
an alternative approach is for the instruction to scan from ( usually ) the most-significant to the least.significant end of the word , searching for the first bit set to one , and placing the number of that bit position in a suitable register , notice the similarity between this [use] and the " shift and count " instruction discussed in the last section .

On the Univac 1108 computer , for instance , a 36-bit word can be subdivided into halves , thirds , quarters , or sixths , and a selection field in the instruction specifies which portion of the store location is involved in any arithmetic operation .
on the univac 1108 computer , for instance , a 36-bit word can be subdivided into halves , thirds , quarters , or sixths , and a selection field in the instruction specifies which portion of the store location is involved in any arithmetic [use] .

The manipulations performed may include arithmetic operations on some of these character strings , but we will probably wish to do them directly on the decimal digits , rather than convert to and from binary for each arithmetic operation .
the manipulations performed may include arithmetic operations on some of these character strings , but we will probably wish to do them directly on the decimal digits , rather than convert to and from binary for each arithmetic [use] .

The translate operation
the translate [use]

The translate operation is used to convert a string from one character set to another .
the translate [use] is used to convert a string from one character set to another .

As it stands , this operation requires three addresses , but it can be made into a two-address operation by making the source and the destination strings the same ; thus the vith entry in the table replaces the ith character in the source string .
as it stands , this [use] requires three addresses , but it can be made into a two-address [use] by making the source and the destination strings the same ; thus the vith entry in the table replaces the ith character in the source string .

The edit operation
the edit [use]

The edit operation is used to prepare a numeric value for printed output .
the edit [use] is used to prepare a numeric value for printed output .

Some or all of these operations are performed by the edit operation , which has three operands ; the location of the numeric value to be edited ( a string of decimal digits ) , the destination string to hold the final edited characters , and an editing pattern giving details of the editing to be performed .
some or all of these operations are performed by the edit [use] , which has three operands ; the location of the numeric value to be edited ( a string of decimal digits ) , the destination string to hold the final edited characters , and an editing pattern giving details of the editing to be performed .

This operation may be put in two-address form by placing the editing pattern in the destination string ( where it will be overwritten ) , or inserting it as a string of `` micro-operations `` in the instruction stream .
this [use] may be put in two-address form by placing the editing pattern in the destination string ( where it will be overwritten ) , or inserting it as a string of `` micro-operations `` in the instruction stream .

The edit operation may also provide the address of the first significant digit , to facilitate insertion of a special character immediately before this digit , as mentioned in ( c ) above .
the edit [use] may also provide the address of the first significant digit , to facilitate insertion of a special character immediately before this digit , as mentioned in ( c ) above .

When a computer has a number of data.types , many operation codes are used up in providing the same arithmetic operation for operands with different formats .
when a computer has a number of data.types , many [use] codes are used up in providing the same arithmetic [use] for operands with different formats .

The use of a mode register reduces the number of operation codes required , but it does not eliminate the problem of an instruction being given operands of one format when it expects another format .
the use of a mode register reduces the number of [use] codes required , but it does not eliminate the problem of an instruction being given operands of one format when it expects another format .

Then only one instruction is provided for each arithmetic operation .
then only one instruction is provided for each arithmetic [use] .

If the operand formats are different , or one operand is unsuitable for arithmetic manipulation , then the hardware can automatically invoke a conversion operation or ( more likely ) signal an error condition for treatment by software .
if the operand formats are different , or one operand is unsuitable for arithmetic manipulation , then the hardware can automatically invoke a conversion [use] or ( more likely ) signal an error condition for treatment by software .

Show how the Exclusive Or operation can be used to ( a ) clear a word , ( b ) interchange two words without using an intermediate location , and ( c ) add two binary numbers ( And and shift may be used in this last part , but not of course any arithmetic operations ) .
show how the exclusive or [use] can be used to ( a ) clear a word , ( b ) interchange two words without using an intermediate location , and ( c ) add two binary numbers ( and and shift may be used in this last part , but not of course any arithmetic operations ) .

It has an operation code or function field , specifying what operation the computer is to perform , and an operand field , which specifies an operand ( usually as a store address ) or the location for a result .
it has an [use] code or function field , specifying what [use] the computer is to perform , and an operand field , which specifies an operand ( usually as a store address ) or the location for a result .

Often this field simply encodes the number of the index register to be used , with one value implying `` no indexing `` : any other addressing methods available would then be specified as part of the operation code field .
often this field simply encodes the number of the index register to be used , with one value implying `` no indexing `` : any other addressing methods available would then be specified as part of the [use] code field .

Many computers have a further field in the instruction , to specify subsidiary information required by an operation .
many computers have a further field in the instruction , to specify subsidiary information required by an [use] .

Thus the number of bits to be shifted is specified in the subsidiary information field , or encoded as part of the operation code field .
thus the number of bits to be shifted is specified in the subsidiary information field , or encoded as part of the [use] code field .

For example , ( on a one-address computer ) we might have a group of data-manipulation instructions with an operation code field , a small subsidiary information field to specify an accumulator , and addressing mode and operand fields .
for example , ( on a one-address computer ) we might have a group of data-manipulation instructions with an [use] code field , a small subsidiary information field to specify an accumulator , and addressing mode and operand fields .

Then a second group comprises those data-manipulation instructions not requiring a store address , which have an operation code field and a large subsidiary information field .
then a second group comprises those data-manipulation instructions not requiring a store address , which have an [use] code field and a large subsidiary information field .

Thus the operation code field is decoded to specify , not only what operation is to be performed , but also how the bit pattern of the remainder of the instruction is to be interpreted .
thus the [use] code field is decoded to specify , not only what [use] is to be performed , but also how the bit pattern of the remainder of the instruction is to be interpreted .

The operation code field
the [use] code field

We have assumed in the above that the operation code field is fixed in length , but we may be able to make better use of the instruction length by having a variable.length operation code field .
we have assumed in the above that the [use] code field is fixed in length , but we may be able to make better use of the instruction length by having a variable.length [use] code field .

If we have a fixed-length instruction word with one of the formats shown in Figure 3.1 ( a ) - ( c ) , then the number of bits required to specify such secondary information as an operand address limits the size of the operation code field , and therefore limits the maximum number of different operations with this amount of secondary information .
if we have a fixed-length instruction word with one of the formats shown in figure 3.1 ( a ) - ( c ) , then the number of bits required to specify such secondary information as an operand address limits the size of the [use] code field , and therefore limits the maximum number of different operations with this amount of secondary information .

However , if there are further operations requiring less secondary information , then another instruction format can be provided with a longer operation code field .
however , if there are further operations requiring less secondary information , then another instruction format can be provided with a longer [use] code field .

Typically one value of the short operation code field marks an `` escape `` into the format with the longer operation code field .
typically one value of the short [use] code field marks an `` escape `` into the format with the longer [use] code field .

This can obviously be extended to allow a range of different sizes of operation code field , so that we can provide more operation codes for less secondary information ( such as operand fields ) in a fixed instruction length .
this can obviously be extended to allow a range of different sizes of [use] code field , so that we can provide more [use] codes for less secondary information ( such as operand fields ) in a fixed instruction length .

The assignment of binary bit patterns to operation codes , and of portions of the operation code field to positions in the instruction format , must be done in such a way that the hardware of the computer can decode the instruction ; thus it must be possible to extract an initial portion of the operation code from a fixed position in the instruction and decide , from the bit pattern found there , whether an operation is now specified ( in which case the rest of the instruction can be interpreted as secondary fields ) or whether a further portion of instruction has to be decoded , and so on .
the assignment of binary bit patterns to [use] codes , and of portions of the [use] code field to positions in the instruction format , must be done in such a way that the hardware of the computer can decode the instruction ; thus it must be possible to extract an initial portion of the [use] code from a fixed position in the instruction and decide , from the bit pattern found there , whether an [use] is now specified ( in which case the rest of the instruction can be interpreted as secondary fields ) or whether a further portion of instruction has to be decoded , and so on .

Usually only a small number of different operation code field sizes are used , rather than a completely variable field size .
usually only a small number of different [use] code field sizes are used , rather than a completely variable field size .

Notice that we have mentioned two ways of specifying an operation to be performed : by having various lengths of operation code field , or by having a fixed length operation code field together with some form of subsidiary information field .
notice that we have mentioned two ways of specifying an [use] to be performed : by having various lengths of [use] code field , or by having a fixed length [use] code field together with some form of subsidiary information field .

We have seen the subsidiary information field as providing parameters needed by an operation , such as the number of bits to be shifted or the length of an operand .
we have seen the subsidiary information field as providing parameters needed by an [use] , such as the number of bits to be shifted or the length of an operand .

Instead we can see it as completing the specification of which operation is to be performed .
instead we can see it as completing the specification of which [use] is to be performed .

Alternatively such a sub-operation field might specify secondary functions to be performed with the main operation .
alternatively such a sub-operation field might specify secondary functions to be performed with the main [use] .

This specifies whether the result of an operation is to be shifted , how any carry is to be dealt with , whether the storing of the result is to be suppressed , and under what conditions a skip is to be executed .
this specifies whether the result of an [use] is to be shifted , how any carry is to be dealt with , whether the storing of the result is to be suppressed , and under what conditions a skip is to be executed .

The allocation of operation code bit patterns to particular instructions may be arbitrary , within any constraints set by the use of variable length operation code fields .
the allocation of [use] code bit patterns to particular instructions may be arbitrary , within any constraints set by the use of variable length [use] code fields .

However , an attempt may be made to allocate particular bits or groups of bits in the operation code field to particular features of the instruction ; one bit , for example , might specify whether the result of an operation is to be placed in the accumulator , and another whether the fixed-point arithmetic unit is to be used by the operation .
however , an attempt may be made to allocate particular bits or groups of bits in the [use] code field to particular features of the instruction ; one bit , for example , might specify whether the result of an [use] is to be placed in the accumulator , and another whether the fixed-point arithmetic unit is to be used by the [use] .

Since it results in long operation code fields , full bit significance is not used for operation code assignment , except at the microprogram level discussed in 3.6 .
since it results in long [use] code fields , full bit significance is not used for [use] code assignment , except at the microprogram level discussed in 3.6 .

Some limited bit significance is provided by splitting the operation code field into two portions , one specifying the instruction group and one the particular instruction within the group .
some limited bit significance is provided by splitting the [use] code field into two portions , one specifying the instruction group and one the particular instruction within the group .

It will sometimes be the case that , for certain instruction groups , the number of bits required fully to specify an operation and all its associated information is less than the computer word length ; so these groups are using the word inefficiently , and are candidates for occupying only a portion of a word .
it will sometimes be the case that , for certain instruction groups , the number of bits required fully to specify an [use] and all its associated information is less than the computer word length ; so these groups are using the word inefficiently , and are candidates for occupying only a portion of a word .

In the zero-address computers discussed in the next section , some instructions require only an operation code field while others require an operand specification as well , so considerable variation in instruction length is possible .
in the zero-address computers discussed in the next section , some instructions require only an [use] code field while others require an operand specification as well , so considerable variation in instruction length is possible .

An instruction then consists of an initial operator syllable which specifies the operation to be performed , perhaps followed by one or more further syllables specifying a store address or subsidiary information .
an instruction then consists of an initial operator syllable which specifies the [use] to be performed , perhaps followed by one or more further syllables specifying a store address or subsidiary information .

An instruction for such an operation must therefore indicate three locations , two source locations for the two operands , and a destination location to hold the result .
an instruction for such an [use] must therefore indicate three locations , two source locations for the two operands , and a destination location to hold the result .

What the programmer wants in many cases is for the result of the operation to replace one of the operands .
what the programmer wants in many cases is for the result of the [use] to replace one of the operands .

Computers designed for scientific calculation , where it is valid to assume that the result of one operation may be an operand of the next have an accumulator and use the one-address format .
computers designed for scientific calculation , where it is valid to assume that the result of one [use] may be an operand of the next have an accumulator and use the one-address format .

On such a stack-oriented computer an operand can be transferred from a store location to the top element of the stack ( pushing down all previously entered operands ) , and the contents of the top element of the stack can be copied to a store location , the top element remaining on the stack or being deleted , moving up all earlier elements ; the former is more akin to the conventional `` store `` operation , although the latter is more common .
on such a stack-oriented computer an operand can be transferred from a store location to the top element of the stack ( pushing down all previously entered operands ) , and the contents of the top element of the stack can be copied to a store location , the top element remaining on the stack or being deleted , moving up all earlier elements ; the former is more akin to the conventional `` store `` [use] , although the latter is more common .

It will be seen that binary arithmetic and logical instructions need no explicit operands , and consist only of an operation code field ; such an instruction therefore has a zero — address format .
it will be seen that binary arithmetic and logical instructions need no explicit operands , and consist only of an [use] code field ; such an instruction therefore has a zero — address format .

Jump on condition `` never `` is an instruction whose operation phase does nothing ( but presumably takes some fixed length of time to do it ) .
jump on condition `` never `` is an instruction whose [use] phase does nothing ( but presumably takes some fixed length of time to do it ) .

On other computers an operation code value ( perhaps zero ) is allocated to a special no-operation instruction .
on other computers an [use] code value ( perhaps zero ) is allocated to a special no-operation instruction .

The jump instructions ( b ) and ( c ) in Figure 3.11 contain an operation code field ( perhaps together with a subsidiary information field specifying the jump condition ) , and an operand field ( perhaps together with an addressing mode field ) to specify the location to which control is to be transferred if the condition is true ( that is , if the jump is successful ) .
the jump instructions ( b ) and ( c ) in figure 3.11 contain an [use] code field ( perhaps together with a subsidiary information field specifying the jump condition ) , and an operand field ( perhaps together with an addressing mode field ) to specify the location to which control is to be transferred if the condition is true ( that is , if the jump is successful ) .

The type of manipulation required would be specified by the operation code of the accessing instruction , or by a descriptor referred to in the instruction .
the type of manipulation required would be specified by the [use] code of the accessing instruction , or by a descriptor referred to in the instruction .

The computer commences operation in supervisor mode after start-up .
the computer commences [use] in supervisor mode after start-up .

From time to time the problem program will wish to gain entry to the supervisor in a controlled manner , for example to request that a transput operation be performed .
from time to time the problem program will wish to gain entry to the supervisor in a controlled manner , for example to request that a transput [use] be performed .

One way this could be done is to cause a program error of some kind , such as by trying to execute an invalid operation code ( or a privileged instruction ) , since this of course causes an interrupt and entry to the supervisor .
one way this could be done is to cause a program error of some kind , such as by trying to execute an invalid [use] code ( or a privileged instruction ) , since this of course causes an interrupt and entry to the supervisor .

Since extracodes are defined by the way in which they are handled by the supervisor , we could make the supervisor react in an `` extracode `` fashion to any unallocated operation code .
since extracodes are defined by the way in which they are handled by the supervisor , we could make the supervisor react in an `` extracode `` fashion to any unallocated [use] code .

However , extracodes are usually distinguished by the fact that operation codes have been allocated to them at the computer hardware design level , either because they will be normal hardwired instructions in some models , or because an instruction requirement has been recognized that is uneconomic to implement in hardware .
however , extracodes are usually distinguished by the fact that [use] codes have been allocated to them at the computer hardware design level , either because they will be normal hardwired instructions in some models , or because an instruction requirement has been recognized that is uneconomic to implement in hardware .

The invalid operation code interrupt and unimplemented instruction interrupt are thus distinguished at entry to the supervisor .
the invalid [use] code interrupt and unimplemented instruction interrupt are thus distinguished at entry to the supervisor .

For example , suppose the adder made available as a secondary output the sign of the result of the add operation .
for example , suppose the adder made available as a secondary output the sign of the result of the add [use] .

We typically have a relatively short micro-instruction format ( perhaps 16 bits ) , part of which specifies how the remainder of the micro-instruction is to be interpreted ( that is , it represents an operation code ) .
we typically have a relatively short micro-instruction format ( perhaps 16 bits ) , part of which specifies how the remainder of the micro-instruction is to be interpreted ( that is , it represents an [use] code ) .

Ascertain that , despite the variable length operation code , a binary pattern is always uniquely decodable into an instruction .
ascertain that , despite the variable length [use] code , a binary pattern is always uniquely decodable into an instruction .

the length of the instruction ( if it can vary ) , the order of fields within the instruction , the value in the operation code field , etc .
the length of the instruction ( if it can vary ) , the order of fields within the instruction , the value in the [use] code field , etc .

Is the condition encoded in the operation code or in a subsidiary information field ?
is the condition encoded in the [use] code or in a subsidiary information field ?

She was looking for the opportunity to extend her holdings in Glasgow , but she was unsure if she wanted to expand her business in the same district as her first premises — perhaps she ought to move upmarket , rather like her London operation .
she was looking for the opportunity to extend her holdings in glasgow , but she was unsure if she wanted to expand her business in the same district as her first premises — perhaps she ought to move upmarket , rather like her london [use] .

But the success of the operation depended on the girls Katherine and Michael Lee chose .
but the success of the [use] depended on the girls katherine and michael lee chose .

The general concept of binary operation on a set is defined in terms of that of `` function `` .
the general concept of binary [use] on a set is defined in terms of that of `` function `` .

The operation o combining f and g in this way is called composition .
the [use] o combining f and g in this way is called composition .

If , however , a society is so divided that it contains within itself one or more permanent minorities , who know that on the issues that matter most to them they can never hope to get their way , precisely because of the operation of the majority principle , then that principle ceases to be adequate .
if , however , a society is so divided that it contains within itself one or more permanent minorities , who know that on the issues that matter most to them they can never hope to get their way , precisely because of the [use] of the majority principle , then that principle ceases to be adequate .

On the other hand , male sterilizations are rare and there is little promotion of the operation .
on the other hand , male sterilizations are rare and there is little promotion of the [use] .

These underlying questions can only be fully studied in a situation where the curriculum is of the type recommended by Cockcroft , and a graduated assessment scheme is in operation .
these underlying questions can only be fully studied in a situation where the curriculum is of the type recommended by cockcroft , and a graduated assessment scheme is in [use] .

The assessment of low attainers : schemes in operation in 1983–4 and 1985
the assessment of low attainers : schemes in [use] in 1983–4 and 1985

Details of 53 schemes were collected , 51 already in use at the time of the review in 1983–4 and two of which were in their final stage of development and have since come into operation .
details of 53 schemes were collected , 51 already in use at the time of the review in 1983–4 and two of which were in their final stage of development and have since come into [use] .

The difficulty factor here is knowing that the operation to perform using the calculator is division .
the difficulty factor here is knowing that the [use] to perform using the calculator is division .

When multiplying was directly indicated success rates were high ; over half the lower third band pupils obtained the correct answers : When the multiplication operation had to be inferred , success rates depended on the context .
when multiplying was directly indicated success rates were high ; over half the lower third band pupils obtained the correct answers : when the multiplication [use] had to be inferred , success rates depended on the context .

There are several questions which may require pupils to select appropriate numbers from the calculator display after an operation has been carried out .
there are several questions which may require pupils to select appropriate numbers from the calculator display after an [use] has been carried out .

Schemes being piloted or in operation have used a varying number of criteria , some mainly content , some mainly process .
schemes being piloted or in [use] have used a varying number of criteria , some mainly content , some mainly process .

To approach it informally , suppose that we spend time and arrive at a thorough understanding of the ordinary operation of this Citroen 's windscreen wipers .
to approach it informally , suppose that we spend time and arrive at a thorough understanding of the ordinary [use] of this citroen 's windscreen wipers .

We may suppose , differently , that our prior thorough understanding of the ordinary operation of the wipers was not thorough enough .
we may suppose , differently , that our prior thorough understanding of the ordinary [use] of the wipers was not thorough enough .

We could by measurement give a numerical specification of each of the parts of the causal circumstance-the operation of the heater , its relative location , and so on-and also such a specification of the effect .
we could by measurement give a numerical specification of each of the parts of the causal circumstance-the [use] of the heater , its relative location , and so on-and also such a specification of the effect .

( One occasionally encounters a burst of inanity of Nobel proportions , as in this : `` Our capacity for deceiving ourselves about the operation of the brain is almost limitless , mainly because what we can report is only a minute fraction of what goes on in our head .
( one occasionally encounters a burst of inanity of nobel proportions , as in this : `` our capacity for deceiving ourselves about the [use] of the brain is almost limitless , mainly because what we can report is only a minute fraction of what goes on in our head .

It is such that nothing could get in the way of its operation save changes logically inconsistent with it or with its effect or with a causal sequence of which it and its effect are parts .
it is such that nothing could get in the way of its [use] save changes logically inconsistent with it or with its effect or with a causal sequence of which it and its effect are parts .

We will say that exactly what did not exist was a causal link between the operation of the mechanism , or anything else whatever , and the bar 's coming out .
we will say that exactly what did not exist was a causal link between the [use] of the mechanism , or anything else whatever , and the bar 's coming out .

The state also has authority to determine disputes which arise out of the operation of its laws .
the state also has authority to determine disputes which arise out of the [use] of its laws .

That policy must then be put into operation , monitored and regulated .
that policy must then be put into [use] , monitored and regulated .

Section 4 of the Statutory Instruments Act 1946 says that where a statutory instrument is required to be laid before Parliament then it shall be laid before the instrument comes into operation .
section 4 of the statutory instruments act 1946 says that where a statutory instrument is required to be laid before parliament then it shall be laid before the instrument comes into [use] .

It is not concerned with the merits of the instruments but rather with whether the special attention of the House should be drawn to the legislation in that it : ( a ) imposes a tax or fee on the public or a charge on the public revenue ; ( b ) is made pursuant of an enactment containing specific provisions excluding it from challenge in the courts ; ( c ) purports to have retrospective effect when there is no express authority in the enabling statute ; ( d ) has been unduly delayed in publication or laying before Parliament ; ( e ) has come into operation before being laid before Parliament and there has been unjustifiable delay in informing the Speaker ; ( f ) is of doubtful vires or makes some unusual or unexpected use of the powers conferred by the enabling statute ; ( g ) calls for any special reason of form or content , for elucidation ; ( h ) is defective in its drafting .
it is not concerned with the merits of the instruments but rather with whether the special attention of the house should be drawn to the legislation in that it : ( a ) imposes a tax or fee on the public or a charge on the public revenue ; ( b ) is made pursuant of an enactment containing specific provisions excluding it from challenge in the courts ; ( c ) purports to have retrospective effect when there is no express authority in the enabling statute ; ( d ) has been unduly delayed in publication or laying before parliament ; ( e ) has come into [use] before being laid before parliament and there has been unjustifiable delay in informing the speaker ; ( f ) is of doubtful vires or makes some unusual or unexpected use of the powers conferred by the enabling statute ; ( g ) calls for any special reason of form or content , for elucidation ; ( h ) is defective in its drafting .

The patient is conscious and can even report to the surgeon any experience he or she may be having as the operation progresses .
the patient is conscious and can even report to the surgeon any experience he or she may be having as the [use] progresses .

As far as the news operation was concerned , it was given a revamped look .
as far as the news [use] was concerned , it was given a revamped look .

If a successful operation is to be carried out it is essential that newborn litters in the foster colony are synchronized with full term pregnant females of the strain to be re-derived .
if a successful [use] is to be carried out it is essential that newborn litters in the foster colony are synchronized with full term pregnant females of the strain to be re-derived .

The actual operation can be performed in various ways depending on circumstances and the final health status to be achieved .
the actual [use] can be performed in various ways depending on circumstances and the final health status to be achieved .

Executives need to know how to lay on services that are outside normal agency routine : how to set up a direct marketing operation ; organize an effective exhibition ; or lay on a cabaret at a salesmen 's conference .
executives need to know how to lay on services that are outside normal agency routine : how to set up a direct marketing [use] ; organize an effective exhibition ; or lay on a cabaret at a salesmen 's conference .

Control of the staffing and generally overseeing the smooth and successful operation of the show is necessary .
control of the staffing and generally overseeing the smooth and successful [use] of the show is necessary .

It is probably a fair assumption that towards the end they were increasingly marginal to the operation of the office .
it is probably a fair assumption that towards the end they were increasingly marginal to the [use] of the office .

Not all of these patients will actually require an operation .
not all of these patients will actually require an [use] .

If the surgeon believes that they would benefit from an operation , their names are placed on the waiting list and they are asked to come into hospital when a bed is available .
if the surgeon believes that they would benefit from an [use] , their names are placed on the waiting list and they are asked to come into hospital when a bed is available .

The medical staff , who carry out the surgery and monitor the patient 's medical progress before and after the operation , are headed by the consultant surgeon .
the medical staff , who carry out the surgery and monitor the patient 's medical progress before and after the [use] , are headed by the consultant surgeon .

It is important to remember that the experience of being admitted to hospital and having an operation is not `` routine `` for the patient ( or his family ) .
it is important to remember that the experience of being admitted to hospital and having an [use] is not `` routine `` for the patient ( or his family ) .

For example , if a patient confesses to you his anxiety about a forthcoming operation and asks you questions about the procedure , you can explain that you are new to the ward and unable to answer his questions adequately .
for example , if a patient confesses to you his anxiety about a forthcoming [use] and asks you questions about the procedure , you can explain that you are new to the ward and unable to answer his questions adequately .

Check the pattern of the usual day on the ward , e.g. meal times , visiting times , admission and operation days .
check the pattern of the usual day on the ward , e.g. meal times , visiting times , admission and [use] days .

Julie 's mother signed the operation consent form as Julie is under 16 .
julie 's mother signed the [use] consent form as julie is under 16 .

On admission Julie was experiencing lower abdominal pain , feeling nauseated , and worried about the prospect of an operation as she had never been in hospital before and was not often ill .
on admission julie was experiencing lower abdominal pain , feeling nauseated , and worried about the prospect of an [use] as she had never been in hospital before and was not often ill .

Mr Reynolds was understandably shaken ; even though he had `` suspected the worst `` ( cancer ) , he had not expected such an extensive operation .
mr reynolds was understandably shaken ; even though he had `` suspected the worst `` ( cancer ) , he had not expected such an extensive [use] .

An abdomino-perineal resection of rectum is a major operation , taking 2–4 hours .
an abdomino-perineal resection of rectum is a major [use] , taking 2–4 hours .

When you are working in a surgical ward you should remember that although the operation performed may give you some indication of the pain a patient is likely to experience , there will be a great variation in practice .
when you are working in a surgical ward you should remember that although the [use] performed may give you some indication of the pain a patient is likely to experience , there will be a great variation in practice .

In this case , the priorities are comfort , information and preparing Julie safely for her operation .
in this case , the priorities are comfort , information and preparing julie safely for her [use] .

The doctor explained the nature of the operation to Julie and her mother and they both agreed that it was necessary .
the doctor explained the nature of the [use] to julie and her mother and they both agreed that it was necessary .

1 Day and time of operation .
1 day and time of [use] .

The procedure immediately prior to operation , e.g .
the procedure immediately prior to [use] , e.g .

What relatives should do about visiting or telephoning on the day of operation .
what relatives should do about visiting or telephoning on the day of [use] .

what to expect after a particular operation ) you may not know enough about .
what to expect after a particular [use] ) you may not know enough about .

Finally , shortly before the operation , the stoma care nurse marked the site on his abdominal wall where the stoma would be sited ( the consultant may sometimes do this ) .
finally , shortly before the [use] , the stoma care nurse marked the site on his abdominal wall where the stoma would be sited ( the consultant may sometimes do this ) .

Mr Reynolds was also given information about the operation and what would happen to him afterwards so that he knew what to expect .
mr reynolds was also given information about the [use] and what would happen to him afterwards so that he knew what to expect .

He said he would be relieved to have the operation performed because his hernia was now bothering him a great deal .
he said he would be relieved to have the [use] performed because his hernia was now bothering him a great deal .

Near to the time of operation specific measures are carried out to safeguard patients .
near to the time of [use] specific measures are carried out to safeguard patients .

Mr Reynolds however was in hospital for over a week before having an operation to remove a carcinoma from his bowel .
mr reynolds however was in hospital for over a week before having an [use] to remove a carcinoma from his bowel .

It was also important to ensure that Mr Reynolds was fit to undergo surgery and to prepare him both physically and psychologically for the operation .
it was also important to ensure that mr reynolds was fit to undergo surgery and to prepare him both physically and psychologically for the [use] .

Prior to each of the investigations and the operation , Mr Reynolds was given an enema and then rectal washouts .
prior to each of the investigations and the [use] , mr reynolds was given an enema and then rectal washouts .

These removed the residue of barium and all faeces and ensured a clear view for both the investigations and the operation .
these removed the residue of barium and all faeces and ensured a clear view for both the investigations and the [use] .

They also minimized the risk of infection caused by faecal matter accidentally spilling into the peritoneal cavity during the operation .
they also minimized the risk of infection caused by faecal matter accidentally spilling into the peritoneal cavity during the [use] .

Antibiotics were also prescribed for 48 hours prior to the operation to reduce the bacteria normally present in the bowel .
antibiotics were also prescribed for 48 hours prior to the [use] to reduce the bacteria normally present in the bowel .

Mr Reynolds often looked tired and anxious during the days preceding his operation and it was important that the ward nurses gave him opportunities to ask questions and express his fears and also ensured that he had time to rest .
mr reynolds often looked tired and anxious during the days preceding his [use] and it was important that the ward nurses gave him opportunities to ask questions and express his fears and also ensured that he had time to rest .

During the 14 hours prior to surgery the house officer explained the operation again to Mr Reynolds and ensured that he understood what was to happen before he signed the consent form .
during the 14 hours prior to surgery the house officer explained the [use] again to mr reynolds and ensured that he understood what was to happen before he signed the consent form .

When Mrs Reynolds came to visit her husband , the staff nurse spent some time with them both explaining what they should expect immediately after the operation and she arranged for Mrs Reynolds to telephone the ward the following afternoon .
when mrs reynolds came to visit her husband , the staff nurse spent some time with them both explaining what they should expect immediately after the [use] and she arranged for mrs reynolds to telephone the ward the following afternoon .

On the morning of the operation , Mr Reynolds was allowed nothing to eat or drink ( for 6 hours prior to the scheduled time for the surgery ) .
on the morning of the [use] , mr reynolds was allowed nothing to eat or drink ( for 6 hours prior to the scheduled time for the surgery ) .

Ensuring that the correct operation is carried out for each patient .
ensuring that the correct [use] is carried out for each patient .

Assisting the surgeon to prevent hazards during the operation , e.g. infection , loss of swabs or instruments , burns from diathermy equipment .
assisting the surgeon to prevent hazards during the [use] , e.g. infection , loss of swabs or instruments , burns from diathermy equipment .

Most surgical patients , regardless of the extent of their operation , are at risk of some degree of problem with breathing .
most surgical patients , regardless of the extent of their [use] , are at risk of some degree of problem with breathing .

Following surgery to the heart or lungs , or any operation requiring a long period under anaesthesia , some patients fail to regain the ability to breathe independently and require mechanical assistance .
following surgery to the heart or lungs , or any [use] requiring a long period under anaesthesia , some patients fail to regain the ability to breathe independently and require mechanical assistance .

If a premedication is prescribed it is usually administered between ½ hour and 1 hour prior to the planned operation time .
if a premedication is prescribed it is usually administered between ½ hour and 1 hour prior to the planned [use] time .

After the operation has been completed the anaesthetic will be reversed and the patient 's normal control over respiration re-established .
after the [use] has been completed the anaesthetic will be reversed and the patient 's normal control over respiration re-established .

The effects of preventive and corrective measures will be monitored and the operation may be postponed until any problems have been resolved .
the effects of preventive and corrective measures will be monitored and the [use] may be postponed until any problems have been resolved .

If blood loss during operation has been excessive , previously cross-matched blood will be transfused .
if blood loss during [use] has been excessive , previously cross-matched blood will be transfused .

He had lost blood during the operation and had required a replacement transfusion of 4 units of blood .
he had lost blood during the [use] and had required a replacement transfusion of 4 units of blood .

Mr Reynolds was collected by the ward staff nurse who was told about his operation and progress and given instructions for his continuing care .
mr reynolds was collected by the ward staff nurse who was told about his [use] and progress and given instructions for his continuing care .

Mrs Fellows , admitted for an operation on her varicose veins , is adequately hydrated and has been following the dietary advice she was given in the Outpatient Clinic and has managed to lose some weight .
mrs fellows , admitted for an [use] on her varicose veins , is adequately hydrated and has been following the dietary advice she was given in the outpatient clinic and has managed to lose some weight .

In Mr Reynolds ' case it is necessary to repeat this preparation after the investigations to ensure a good view for the surgeon and so that faecal matter is not present to contaminate the operation site .
in mr reynolds ' case it is necessary to repeat this preparation after the investigations to ensure a good view for the surgeon and so that faecal matter is not present to contaminate the [use] site .

Mr Reynolds ' main preoccupation before his operation is with the stoma which will be formed during the procedure .
mr reynolds ' main preoccupation before his [use] is with the stoma which will be formed during the procedure .

Mr Reynolds needed the nasogastric tube for 4 days after his operation because he developed a paralytic ileus and it was not until the fourth post-operative day that the bowel began to work .
mr reynolds needed the nasogastric tube for 4 days after his [use] because he developed a paralytic ileus and it was not until the fourth post-operative day that the bowel began to work .

Skin preparation before surgery normally involves at least washing and may additionally include body hair removal to allow access to the operation site and also to reduce the risk of infection .
skin preparation before surgery normally involves at least washing and may additionally include body hair removal to allow access to the [use] site and also to reduce the risk of infection .

The exact extent of the area to be shaved varies according to the operation — it is best to check before shaving is commenced .
the exact extent of the area to be shaved varies according to the [use] — it is best to check before shaving is commenced .

During the operation the skin needs to be protected against diathermy burns .
during the [use] the skin needs to be protected against diathermy burns .

When the operation was completed the small incision was sutured and a sealed dressing was applied .
when the [use] was completed the small incision was sutured and a sealed dressing was applied .

Two days after the operation the dressing was removed and the wound inspected ; the suture line was intact and there was no excess redness or swelling .
two days after the [use] the dressing was removed and the wound inspected ; the suture line was intact and there was no excess redness or swelling .

On the morning of his operation a nurse helped Mr Reynolds to put on an operation gown after his bath and then encouraged him to rest in his freshly made up bed .
on the morning of his [use] a nurse helped mr reynolds to put on an [use] gown after his bath and then encouraged him to rest in his freshly made up bed .

Initially , after the operation , Julie was reluctant to move around because of pain from her wound .
initially , after the [use] , julie was reluctant to move around because of pain from her wound .

Mrs Fellows was referred to the physiotherapist for teaching and practice of leg exercises before the operation .
mrs fellows was referred to the physiotherapist for teaching and practice of leg exercises before the [use] .

The night before her operation Mrs Fellows was prescribed a sedative to help her relax and sleep because she admitted that she felt very nervous .
the night before her [use] mrs fellows was prescribed a sedative to help her relax and sleep because she admitted that she felt very nervous .

This was the last drink Mrs Fellows was allowed prior to her operation .
this was the last drink mrs fellows was allowed prior to her [use] .

On the morning after her operation her wounds were inspected and the bandages replaced by elastic stockings .
on the morning after her [use] her wounds were inspected and the bandages replaced by elastic stockings .

it is a vestigial organ ) and therefore its removal would make no difference to Julie 's normal activities once she had recovered from the operation itself .
it is a vestigial organ ) and therefore its removal would make no difference to julie 's normal activities once she had recovered from the [use] itself .

His post-operative progress was complicated by a chest infection and he found it very difficult to regain his usual level of activity because his arthritis seemed worse after the operation and a day or two spent largely in bed .
his post-operative progress was complicated by a chest infection and he found it very difficult to regain his usual level of activity because his arthritis seemed worse after the [use] and a day or two spent largely in bed .

1 Next time you admit a patient use the information you gain about his home circumstances and your knowledge about the operation he is to undergo to try and decide what care he might need when he leaves hospital .
1 next time you admit a patient use the information you gain about his home circumstances and your knowledge about the [use] he is to undergo to try and decide what care he might need when he leaves hospital .

In an ideal situation , surgery is planned and patients are admitted to the ward prior to the operation so that they may be prepared physically and psychologically for their forthcoming operation .
in an ideal situation , surgery is planned and patients are admitted to the ward prior to the [use] so that they may be prepared physically and psychologically for their forthcoming [use] .

6 Explain that the doctor will perform a medical assessment and obtain formal con-sent for Operation later .
6 explain that the doctor will perform a medical assessment and obtain formal con-sent for [use] later .

1 To ensure that the patient is in the best psychological and physical condition for the operation .
1 to ensure that the patient is in the best psychological and physical condition for the [use] .

1 Explain simply and briefly the procedures necessary to prepare the patient for his Operation , giving details of the patient 's role in these and the reasons for them .
1 explain simply and briefly the procedures necessary to prepare the patient for his [use] , giving details of the patient 's role in these and the reasons for them .

6 Ensure medical investigations have been ordered and completed before operation time .
6 ensure medical investigations have been ordered and completed before [use] time .

Day before operation
day before [use]

Operation day
[use] day

1 Withdraw diet at least 6 hours before operation time .
1 withdraw diet at least 6 hours before [use] time .

2 Withdraw fluid at least 4 hours before operation time .
2 withdraw fluid at least 4 hours before [use] time .

3 Ask patient to bath/shower , dress in clean operation gown and remove jewellery , prostheses , make up .
3 ask patient to bath/shower , dress in clean [use] gown and remove jewellery , prostheses , make up .

5 Administer pre-medication as ordered ( usually ½ to ¾ hour before operation time ) .
5 administer pre-medication as ordered ( usually ½ to ¾ hour before [use] time ) .

2 Obtain information from the theatre staff including details of operation performed , orders for post-operative fluid regime , management of nasogastric aspiration , wound drains .
2 obtain information from the theatre staff including details of [use] performed , orders for post-operative fluid regime , management of nasogastric aspiration , wound drains .

4 Check that a medical discharge note explaining what operation the patient has had is sent to the General Practitioner .
4 check that a medical discharge note explaining what [use] the patient has had is sent to the general practitioner .

To create a core of schools where good practice embodying these concepts could be seen in operation so that the inservice and information potential could subsequently be tapped for the benefit of all schools .
to create a core of schools where good practice embodying these concepts could be seen in [use] so that the inservice and information potential could subsequently be tapped for the benefit of all schools .

No formal statement of the terms of reference for the team has come to light , and in the early days clear mechanisms for the operation of the project were not always discernible .
no formal statement of the terms of reference for the team has come to light , and in the early days clear mechanisms for the [use] of the project were not always discernible .

In another school , the committee had a detailed agenda for further development which would go into operation once the teachers ' dispute was resolved .
in another school , the committee had a detailed agenda for further development which would go into [use] once the teachers ' dispute was resolved .

To create a core of schools where good practice embodying these concepts could be seen in operation so that the inservice and information potential could subsequently be tapped for the benefit of all schools .
to create a core of schools where good practice embodying these concepts could be seen in [use] so that the inservice and information potential could subsequently be tapped for the benefit of all schools .

While the evaluators consider that these procedures comprise a rational and effective method of operation , there are a number of interesting questions which have emerged from the evaluation .
while the evaluators consider that these procedures comprise a rational and effective method of [use] , there are a number of interesting questions which have emerged from the evaluation .

Last , while not wishing to prescribe a particular pattern of operation , we were fascinated by the whole business of the micro-politics of change within project schools , In particular , the management of innovation through the institution of committees , the control of agendas , the persuasion of individuals and ( putting it bluntly ) the Machiavellian manipulation of situations were features of the project in action .
last , while not wishing to prescribe a particular pattern of [use] , we were fascinated by the whole business of the micro-politics of change within project schools , in particular , the management of innovation through the institution of committees , the control of agendas , the persuasion of individuals and ( putting it bluntly ) the machiavellian manipulation of situations were features of the project in action .

This implies a large data-collecting operation .
this implies a large data-collecting [use] .

While education authorities are responsible for indemnifying host employers in the case of accidents , teachers and trade unionists should nevertheless take care that adequate health and safety precautions are in operation .
while education authorities are responsible for indemnifying host employers in the case of accidents , teachers and trade unionists should nevertheless take care that adequate health and safety precautions are in [use] .

One day , he thought , he would have that operation and then he would apply to go to a university with a music course .
one day , he thought , he would have that [use] and then he would apply to go to a university with a music course .

And at the same time these voices call for some social sacrifices in the very idealistic belief that it 's better to have the pain all at once and be able to put the operation behind us .
and at the same time these voices call for some social sacrifices in the very idealistic belief that it 's better to have the pain all at once and be able to put the [use] behind us .

While other constitutional texts , where they existed at all , have for long periods been purely notional , national autonomy never ceased to have a certain operation reality .
while other constitutional texts , where they existed at all , have for long periods been purely notional , national autonomy never ceased to have a certain [use] reality .

The approach came from Maurice Rosengarten , who ran Decca 's European operation from Zurich and who had spotted the struggling Georg Solti immediately after the war .
the approach came from maurice rosengarten , who ran decca 's european [use] from zurich and who had spotted the struggling georg solti immediately after the war .

Such was the novelty of this circuit that it provoked much debate in the technical press as to its operation .
such was the novelty of this circuit that it provoked much debate in the technical press as to its [use] .

Every municipal corporation had a separate and different charter ; various ad hoc bodies each had their own Acts of Parliament ; parish councils arose from the operation of the common law without benefit of statute ; and Quarter Sessions ‘ had developed a rich variety of practice ’ ( Keith-Lucas 1980 : 154 ) .
every municipal corporation had a separate and different charter ; various ad hoc bodies each had their own acts of parliament ; parish councils arose from the [use] of the common law without benefit of statute ; and quarter sessions ‘ had developed a rich variety of practice ’ ( keith-lucas 1980 : 154 ) .

The difficulty with a single-tier system is to arrive at areas large enough to obtain the benefits of unifying the provision of services requiring an extensive area for their efficient operation , yet small enough to form a have for local democratic involvement .
the difficulty with a single-tier system is to arrive at areas large enough to obtain the benefits of unifying the provision of services requiring an extensive area for their efficient [use] , yet small enough to form a have for local democratic involvement .

Over 80 clients used Bow Lane during its first 12 months of operation .
over 80 clients used bow lane during its first 12 months of [use] .

Says an Expo spokesperson : ‘ Ultimately , the entire operation cuts the real cost of recording to approximately £160 , half that of most demos and provides the band with a public profile , reviews , recording experience , a high quality product and experience in marketing themselves on a small scale . ’
says an expo spokesperson : ‘ ultimately , the entire [use] cuts the real cost of recording to approximately £160 , half that of most demos and provides the band with a public profile , reviews , recording experience , a high quality product and experience in marketing themselves on a small scale . ’

It seems likely that the British-based institutions will do their best to retain their old class character whilst co-opting new expert personnel and new methods of operation in order to remain competitive with the newcomers .
it seems likely that the british-based institutions will do their best to retain their old class character whilst co-opting new expert personnel and new methods of [use] in order to remain competitive with the newcomers .

One participant was Mrs Pat Scanlan , who had recently recovered from an operation to remove a spinal disc and decided to take up swimming to strengthen her back .
one participant was mrs pat scanlan , who had recently recovered from an [use] to remove a spinal disc and decided to take up swimming to strengthen her back .

Likewise Guinness has established a substantial operation in Edinburgh to manage its distilled products , even though its headquarters remain in London .
likewise guinness has established a substantial [use] in edinburgh to manage its distilled products , even though its headquarters remain in london .

If foreign advisers do n't realise this , Hungary will be turned into a giant screwdriver operation , entailing massive lay offs and — ultimately — massive resentments .
if foreign advisers do n't realise this , hungary will be turned into a giant screwdriver [use] , entailing massive lay offs and — ultimately — massive resentments .

In 1984 it had to be amended further to follow the Euro-notion of ‘ equal pay for work of equal value ’ whereby the pay of women occupying jobs without immediate male comparison is set equal to men 's through the opinion of a judge rather than the operation of market forces .
in 1984 it had to be amended further to follow the euro-notion of ‘ equal pay for work of equal value ’ whereby the pay of women occupying jobs without immediate male comparison is set equal to men 's through the opinion of a judge rather than the [use] of market forces .

In April 1989 , Century-Hutchinson acquired Ebury Press , and then sold the whole operation to Random House for a considerable sum of money .
in april 1989 , century-hutchinson acquired ebury press , and then sold the whole [use] to random house for a considerable sum of money .

Holiday accommodation understandably experiences considerable wear and tear and at times the standard of decoration or furnishings may suffer or the operation of technical systems ( e.g .
holiday accommodation understandably experiences considerable wear and tear and at times the standard of decoration or furnishings may suffer or the [use] of technical systems ( e.g .

The operation of these laws being impervious to our preferences , men will challenge them only at the risk of failure .
the [use] of these laws being impervious to our preferences , men will challenge them only at the risk of failure .

For instance , Newtonian assumptions that all events are causally determined by the operation of forces and causal laws acted as a paradigm in both senses .
for instance , newtonian assumptions that all events are causally determined by the [use] of forces and causal laws acted as a paradigm in both senses .

The Chief Constable was also asked to launch a major operation in Wirral to crack down on suppliers .
the chief constable was also asked to launch a major [use] in wirral to crack down on suppliers .

In this particular case , the interviewee had been admitted to hospital with hepatitis and pancreatitis and given a methadone reduction course whilst recovering from the operation :
in this particular case , the interviewee had been admitted to hospital with hepatitis and pancreatitis and given a methadone reduction course whilst recovering from the [use] :

Because English solicitors have always been regarded as ‘ competent persons ’ in this and similar contexts , the familiar common law practice of effecting service via a solicitor in the state of destination is in fact covered by this provision , but it is very doubtful if this strikes the consciousness of anyone concerned in the operation .
because english solicitors have always been regarded as ‘ competent persons ’ in this and similar contexts , the familiar common law practice of effecting service via a solicitor in the state of destination is in fact covered by this provision , but it is very doubtful if this strikes the consciousness of anyone concerned in the [use] .

Reviews of the operation of the Convention held in 1977 and 1989 produced no demand for its revision .
reviews of the [use] of the convention held in 1977 and 1989 produced no demand for its revision .

It is ‘ intended to permit the operation of the American rule ’ in the Mexico City case .
it is ‘ intended to permit the [use] of the american rule ’ in the mexico city case .

What was there seen as more desirable was clear international agreement on the operation of the letters rogatory procedure .
what was there seen as more desirable was clear international agreement on the [use] of the letters rogatory procedure .

The English court had given leave for the service of a writ upon the president of a Panamanian shipping operation at a stated address in Lugano or elsewhere in Switzerland .
the english court had given leave for the service of a writ upon the president of a panamanian shipping [use] at a stated address in lugano or elsewhere in switzerland .

Contributing to the success of the Convention has been the continuing review of its operation .
contributing to the success of the convention has been the continuing review of its [use] .

The two meetings examined in detail the practical workings of the Convention and were able to make suggestions to facilitate its operation , but no major difficulties were discovered .
the two meetings examined in detail the practical workings of the convention and were able to make suggestions to facilitate its [use] , but no major difficulties were discovered .

As a related exercise , the Permanent Bureau of the Hague Conference published a Practical Handbook on the Operation of the Convention , in English and French editions .
as a related exercise , the permanent bureau of the hague conference published a practical handbook on the [use] of the convention , in english and french editions .

There are indications , however , that the operation of the Convention leads to a greater willingness on the part of requested countries to adapt their procedures so that the needs of countries with different traditions are more readily met .
there are indications , however , that the [use] of the convention leads to a greater willingness on the part of requested countries to adapt their procedures so that the needs of countries with different traditions are more readily met .

The matter has been further discussed in the two Special Commissions which have reviewed the operation of the Hague Convention .
the matter has been further discussed in the two special commissions which have reviewed the [use] of the hague convention .

For example , an older person with a fractured femur or requiring a hip replacement will be cared for by an orthopaedic surgeon ; someone requiring a cateract operation will be under the care of an ophthalmologist .
for example , an older person with a fractured femur or requiring a hip replacement will be cared for by an orthopaedic surgeon ; someone requiring a cateract [use] will be under the care of an ophthalmologist .

It is problematic trying to consider hospital readmission rates as most hospital computer systems currently in operation are not easy to interrogate and rarely produce information about readmissions on a routine basis .
it is problematic trying to consider hospital readmission rates as most hospital computer systems currently in [use] are not easy to interrogate and rarely produce information about readmissions on a routine basis .

However , the accounts do reveal the operation of a different form of response in these instances , expressed in what we have called a principle of equilibration .
however , the accounts do reveal the [use] of a different form of response in these instances , expressed in what we have called a principle of equilibration .

This was an undercover operation which had to be conducted with great speed as it quickly emerged that there was every chance that the Princess might well have left the royal circle by the proposed September publication date of the book .
this was an undercover [use] which had to be conducted with great speed as it quickly emerged that there was every chance that the princess might well have left the royal circle by the proposed september publication date of the book .

Diana was continually sick and at one point Mr Pinker and his fellow doctors considered performing an emergency caesarian operation .
diana was continually sick and at one point mr pinker and his fellow doctors considered performing an emergency caesarian [use] .

In the end Diana , who had an epidural injection in the base of her spine , was able to give birth thanks to her own efforts , without resorting to forceps or an operation .
in the end diana , who had an epidural injection in the base of her spine , was able to give birth thanks to her own efforts , without resorting to forceps or an [use] .

‘ You must be running a pretty busy operation here .
‘ you must be running a pretty busy [use] here .

He was initially given a senior position at the Command Centre in the United Nations but when the head of the European operation died in a car crash … which was subsequently proved to have been an accident and not sabotage as originally thought … Philpott surprised many of his team by appointing him , and not Kolchinsky , as the dead man 's successor .
he was initially given a senior position at the command centre in the united nations but when the head of the european [use] died in a car crash … which was subsequently proved to have been an accident and not sabotage as originally thought … philpott surprised many of his team by appointing him , and not kolchinsky , as the dead man 's successor .

That entails overseeing the entire reprocessing operation .
that entails overseeing the entire reprocessing [use] .

‘ How much do you know about the reprocessing operation ? ’ Leitzig asked as they left the changerooms .
‘ how much do you know about the reprocessing [use] ? ’ leitzig asked as they left the changerooms .

Secondly , it may be useful to review the operation of a different regulatory regime , that is , one which to a greater or lesser degree relies on market forces and self-regulation to police it .
secondly , it may be useful to review the [use] of a different regulatory regime , that is , one which to a greater or lesser degree relies on market forces and self-regulation to police it .

The third weakness is a fundamental one : various institutional differences in the operation and segregation of the many sectors that go to make up the financial services industry .
the third weakness is a fundamental one : various institutional differences in the [use] and segregation of the many sectors that go to make up the financial services industry .

While market forces may undoubtedly bring many positive benefits , both socially and politically , there are many occasions when it is legitimate to subject them to regulation in order to secure confidence and fairness in the operation of the financial markets .
while market forces may undoubtedly bring many positive benefits , both socially and politically , there are many occasions when it is legitimate to subject them to regulation in order to secure confidence and fairness in the [use] of the financial markets .

It is proposed to focus on insider dealing within financial conglomerates because of the probable extent of such trading , that is , the degree to which insider dealing probably occurs ; the damage it causes , both economically ( through the disruption of the efficient allocation of scarce economic resources ) , and socially ( through losses in public confidence in the operation of the financial markets ) ; and finally , the problem of detection ( self-evident from the low levels of prosecutions over recent years ) .
it is proposed to focus on insider dealing within financial conglomerates because of the probable extent of such trading , that is , the degree to which insider dealing probably occurs ; the damage it causes , both economically ( through the disruption of the efficient allocation of scarce economic resources ) , and socially ( through losses in public confidence in the [use] of the financial markets ) ; and finally , the problem of detection ( self-evident from the low levels of prosecutions over recent years ) .

To standardise the manner in which information was presented by the investigator , patients were simply left to digest the written information for one hour , but they were given the opportunity to clarify anything which they did not understand before their state of anxiety was reassessed by a second Spielberger questionnaire . In addition to the in hospital assessment , we also wanted to know what the patients thought about the amount of information they were given , and to do this we administered a telephone questionnaire consisting of six questions about their inpatient experiences , one of which read ‘ Was the amount of information you received before your operation too much , about right , or too little ? ’
to standardise the manner in which information was presented by the investigator , patients were simply left to digest the written information for one hour , but they were given the opportunity to clarify anything which they did not understand before their state of anxiety was reassessed by a second spielberger questionnaire . in addition to the in hospital assessment , we also wanted to know what the patients thought about the amount of information they were given , and to do this we administered a telephone questionnaire consisting of six questions about their inpatient experiences , one of which read ‘ was the amount of information you received before your [use] too much , about right , or too little ? ’

You will be seen by an anaesthetist before your operation .
you will be seen by an anaesthetist before your [use] .

You will be seen by an anaesthetist before your operation .
you will be seen by an anaesthetist before your [use] .

In addition there are certain other complications which may occur after any operation .
in addition there are certain other complications which may occur after any [use] .

Time of presentation , time of operation , and unnecessary appendicectomy
time of presentation , time of [use] , and unnecessary appendicectomy

The time of presentation ( from computer generated accident and emergency sheets ) , time of operation ( from the anaesthetic record ) , delay to surgery ( calculated from the above ) , and final diagnosis ( based on independent histopathological examination ) were recorded .
the time of presentation ( from computer generated accident and emergency sheets ) , time of [use] ( from the anaesthetic record ) , delay to surgery ( calculated from the above ) , and final diagnosis ( based on independent histopathological examination ) were recorded .

An unnecessary operation was deemed to be one that was performed without pathological evidence of surgically remediable disease .
an unnecessary [use] was deemed to be one that was performed without pathological evidence of surgically remediable disease .

Altogether 347 patients had uncomplicated appendicitis , 73 had complicated appendicitis , 14 had other surgical disease requiring operation , and 144 had an unnecessary operation .
altogether 347 patients had uncomplicated appendicitis , 73 had complicated appendicitis , 14 had other surgical disease requiring [use] , and 144 had an unnecessary [use] .

There was no significant relation between the time from presentation to operation and the proportions of patients with complicated appendicitis and of unnecessary operations , although 39 % of operations performed within two hours of presentation were unnecessary .
there was no significant relation between the time from presentation to [use] and the proportions of patients with complicated appendicitis and of unnecessary operations , although 39 % of operations performed within two hours of presentation were unnecessary .

There was no relation between the rate of complicated appendicitis and time of presentation ( six ( 7% ) patients presenting between midnight and 6 am had complicated appendicitis , 13 ( 11% ) presenting between 6 am and noon , 33 ( 17% ) presenting between noon and 6 pm , and 21 ( 11% ) presenting between 6 pm and midnight ) or time of operation .
there was no relation between the rate of complicated appendicitis and time of presentation ( six ( 7% ) patients presenting between midnight and 6 am had complicated appendicitis , 13 ( 11% ) presenting between 6 am and noon , 33 ( 17% ) presenting between noon and 6 pm , and 21 ( 11% ) presenting between 6 pm and midnight ) or time of [use] .

The proportion of unnecessary operations decreased with increasing time between presentation and operation with no increase in the proportion of complicated appendicitis .
the proportion of unnecessary operations decreased with increasing time between presentation and [use] with no increase in the proportion of complicated appendicitis .

At night , when faced with a choice between an unnecessary operation and repeated clinical review with the possibility of a perforated appendix later , junior doctors seem to prefer an uninflamed appendix as the lesser of two evils .
at night , when faced with a choice between an unnecessary [use] and repeated clinical review with the possibility of a perforated appendix later , junior doctors seem to prefer an uninflamed appendix as the lesser of two evils .

Control of prescribing budgets will be important for effective operation of our model .
control of prescribing budgets will be important for effective [use] of our model .

Anyone who needs an operation will wish to be operated on by a competently trained surgeon ; the necessary skills need to be honed over time .
anyone who needs an [use] will wish to be operated on by a competently trained surgeon ; the necessary skills need to be honed over time .

No qualified surgeon can be expected to do an occasional experiment in molecular biology in the laboratory any more than a molecular biologist can be expected to perform an occasional operation .
no qualified surgeon can be expected to do an occasional experiment in molecular biology in the laboratory any more than a molecular biologist can be expected to perform an occasional [use] .

It was found that the stall warning detector microswitch was intermittent in operation .
it was found that the stall warning detector microswitch was intermittent in [use] .

Switch operation completed an electrical circuit that illuminated a small red warning light on the instrument panel ; however , the system on this aircraft model did not include an audio warning , as commonly fitted to many similar aircraft .
switch [use] completed an electrical circuit that illuminated a small red warning light on the instrument panel ; however , the system on this aircraft model did not include an audio warning , as commonly fitted to many similar aircraft .

Most philosophers who have defended autonomy have exempted the private realm from the domain of its operation .
most philosophers who have defended autonomy have exempted the private realm from the domain of its [use] .

In The Philosophy of Right he argues , against Kant , and others , that the sphere of operation of contractual relations is limited .
in the philosophy of right he argues , against kant , and others , that the sphere of [use] of contractual relations is limited .

Until the time when these things happen then Mill 's disclaimer comes into operation .
until the time when these things happen then mill 's disclaimer comes into [use] .

And , do not forget , only a few months earlier , in a restaurant filled with sophisticated diners , the same Balestre had stood up and bared his torso to show the scars of an ancient surgical operation .
and , do not forget , only a few months earlier , in a restaurant filled with sophisticated diners , the same balestre had stood up and bared his torso to show the scars of an ancient surgical [use] .

This section is designed to explain briefly the operation of various exchange rate arrangements , before we analyse in more depth in this and the next chapter how the type of exchange rate system influences the adjustment mechanism .
this section is designed to explain briefly the [use] of various exchange rate arrangements , before we analyse in more depth in this and the next chapter how the type of exchange rate system influences the adjustment mechanism .

The late 1940s witnessed the general operation of a system of bilateral arrangements for trade and payments .
the late 1940s witnessed the general [use] of a system of bilateral arrangements for trade and payments .

The growth in world trade led to the development of multinational corporations and banks whose increased scope of operation made them more concerned with the placement of funds in a wide range of currencies .
the growth in world trade led to the development of multinational corporations and banks whose increased scope of [use] made them more concerned with the placement of funds in a wide range of currencies .

The extent to which the exchange rate can contribute to the adjustment mechanism , in either an automatic or a discretionary manner , is influenced by the type of exchange rate system in operation .
the extent to which the exchange rate can contribute to the adjustment mechanism , in either an automatic or a discretionary manner , is influenced by the type of exchange rate system in [use] .

9.1 The general operation of the system , 1973 to date
9.1 the general [use] of the system , 1973 to date

In contrast , the operation of the adjustable peg was characterized by disputes as to whether the burden of adjustment should be borne by deficit or surplus countries .
in contrast , the [use] of the adjustable peg was characterized by disputes as to whether the burden of adjustment should be borne by deficit or surplus countries .

The relative balance of these factors has changed over time and is influenced by the type of exchange rate system in operation .
the relative balance of these factors has changed over time and is influenced by the type of exchange rate system in [use] .

The parity grid arrangement is similar in its operation to the snake in that absolute intervention points are set for each member currency against every other at which central banks are obliged to buy or sell their own currencies .
the parity grid arrangement is similar in its [use] to the snake in that absolute intervention points are set for each member currency against every other at which central banks are obliged to buy or sell their own currencies .

The previous chapter and the present one have examined in detail the operation of both a fixed and a floating exchange rate system .
the previous chapter and the present one have examined in detail the [use] of both a fixed and a floating exchange rate system .

Need for official reserves Because governments have frequently intervened in foreign exchange markets , the operation of floating exchange rates has , like the adjustable peg system before it , required the availability of official reserves .
need for official reserves because governments have frequently intervened in foreign exchange markets , the [use] of floating exchange rates has , like the adjustable peg system before it , required the availability of official reserves .

Appendix 2 Operation of a floating exchange rate in Table 9.5
appendix 2 [use] of a floating exchange rate in table 9.5

But before we can understand the operation of macroeconomic management it is first necessary to examine a simple model within which some of the more fundamental macroeconomic relationships can be identified and explained .
but before we can understand the [use] of macroeconomic management it is first necessary to examine a simple model within which some of the more fundamental macroeconomic relationships can be identified and explained .

The rest of this chapter will be concerned with developing one particular model , known as the income — expenditure model , which has frequently been used as a basis for explaining the operation of fiscal policy .
the rest of this chapter will be concerned with developing one particular model , known as the income — expenditure model , which has frequently been used as a basis for explaining the [use] of fiscal policy .

Although the present Conservative government would claim to be concerned about unemployment , it has argued that falling unemployment can only be achieved by ( a ) reducing the rate of inflation , since this would raise the real value of a given level of money spending in the economy , and ( b ) stimulating the operation of markets , especially the labour market , so that changes in the relative price of labour can come about more easily and thus ‘ price people into jobs ’ .
although the present conservative government would claim to be concerned about unemployment , it has argued that falling unemployment can only be achieved by ( a ) reducing the rate of inflation , since this would raise the real value of a given level of money spending in the economy , and ( b ) stimulating the [use] of markets , especially the labour market , so that changes in the relative price of labour can come about more easily and thus ‘ price people into jobs ’ .

The preceding discussion suggests that the operation of Keynesian fiscal policy should pose few problems .
the preceding discussion suggests that the [use] of keynesian fiscal policy should pose few problems .

The operation lag More time may elapse before the activated policy instruments exert their full impact on targets and then employment , prices , and the other macroeconomic objectives .
the [use] lag more time may elapse before the activated policy instruments exert their full impact on targets and then employment , prices , and the other macroeconomic objectives .

Outwardly intelligent people still argue about whether Ronald Reagan ‘ knew ’ of an enormous illegal operation run from his own White House basement .
outwardly intelligent people still argue about whether ronald reagan ‘ knew ’ of an enormous illegal [use] run from his own white house basement .

Until that legislation came into force , boys and girls were often deliberately taught different curricula such that boys more often took ‘ academic ’ subjects while girls took ‘ vocational ’ subjects , and girls were sometimes formally limited in their access to further and higher education by the operation of quotas ( e.g .
until that legislation came into force , boys and girls were often deliberately taught different curricula such that boys more often took ‘ academic ’ subjects while girls took ‘ vocational ’ subjects , and girls were sometimes formally limited in their access to further and higher education by the [use] of quotas ( e.g .

This is because so many instinctual demands which will later be unserviceable can not be suppressed by that rational operation of the child 's intellect but have to be tamed by acts of repression behind which , as a rule , lies the motive of anxiety .
this is because so many instinctual demands which will later be unserviceable can not be suppressed by that rational [use] of the child 's intellect but have to be tamed by acts of repression behind which , as a rule , lies the motive of anxiety .

Nearly 600 tons of flagstones were dropped during the operation : 300 tons along the Border Ridge near Blindburn in the Northumberland National Park ; 60 tons in Teesdale near Cauldron Snout and Bleabeck Force ; 65 tons at Calderdale near Longfield Common and 135 tons near Bleaklow in the peak National Park .
nearly 600 tons of flagstones were dropped during the [use] : 300 tons along the border ridge near blindburn in the northumberland national park ; 60 tons in teesdale near cauldron snout and bleabeck force ; 65 tons at calderdale near longfield common and 135 tons near bleaklow in the peak national park .

The airlift will build a total of three kilometres of paths at an average cost of about £30 a metre , with the whole operation being paid for by the Countryside Commission .
the airlift will build a total of three kilometres of paths at an average cost of about £30 a metre , with the whole [use] being paid for by the countryside commission .

If the ropes do jam then please remember that the great Giusto Gervasutti met his death during just such a retrieval operation .
if the ropes do jam then please remember that the great giusto gervasutti met his death during just such a retrieval [use] .

As they launched a follow-up operation to Mr Major 's fight-back speech to Scottish Tories at Edinburgh on Friday , Health Secretary Virginia Bottomley warned that the Government must take seriously claims it is out of touch with what ‘ ordinary people ’ are thinking .
as they launched a follow-up [use] to mr major 's fight-back speech to scottish tories at edinburgh on friday , health secretary virginia bottomley warned that the government must take seriously claims it is out of touch with what ‘ ordinary people ’ are thinking .

The operation , centred on an address in Sanderson Mews , was undertaken on Friday afternoon and resulted in three arrests .
the [use] , centred on an address in sanderson mews , was undertaken on friday afternoon and resulted in three arrests .

The raids on homes in Basildon , Islington and Hackney came as part of an operation in connection with the National Criminal Intelligence Service .
the raids on homes in basildon , islington and hackney came as part of an [use] in connection with the national criminal intelligence service .

Essex boy set for life-saving operation
essex boy set for life-saving [use]

Liam Miller , the producer , sounded a cautious note later , saying the spectacular had been a £2.5 million operation involving a lot of time and resources .
liam miller , the producer , sounded a cautious note later , saying the spectacular had been a £2.5 million [use] involving a lot of time and resources .

The stabbing victim underwent a three-hour operation for damaged kidneys and spleen at Broomfield Hospital following the 3.30 am attack yesterday , and is now in intensive care .
the stabbing victim underwent a three-hour [use] for damaged kidneys and spleen at broomfield hospital following the 3.30 am attack yesterday , and is now in intensive care .

Mr Connelly , of Chantry Green , Ipswich , was told the operation could not go ahead because the five intensive care beds were already full .
mr connelly , of chantry green , ipswich , was told the [use] could not go ahead because the five intensive care beds were already full .

‘ Presumably they must have to pay for all the preparation leading up to an operation of this sort , and pay the staff who are waiting around .
‘ presumably they must have to pay for all the preparation leading up to an [use] of this sort , and pay the staff who are waiting around .

The operation at Ipswich Hospital is intended to strengthen the walls of the main artery .
the [use] at ipswich hospital is intended to strengthen the walls of the main artery .

Mr Connelly 's condition was first diagnosed in March , and a date for the operation was set on May 5 .
mr connelly 's condition was first diagnosed in march , and a date for the [use] was set on may 5 .

He went into hospital the day before and was only told on the day of the operation it would not go ahead .
he went into hospital the day before and was only told on the day of the [use] it would not go ahead .

Ipswich Hospital general manager Brian Websdell said there had been a high intake of intensive care patients at the times of Mr Connelly 's operation .
ipswich hospital general manager brian websdell said there had been a high intake of intensive care patients at the times of mr connelly 's [use] .

He said Mr Connelly was not in immediate danger , but the longer the operation was left , the greater the chance of a rupture that could prove fatal .
he said mr connelly was not in immediate danger , but the longer the [use] was left , the greater the chance of a rupture that could prove fatal .

Pavilion is investing £250,000 in setting up its own sales force , which will go into operation in April .
pavilion is investing £250,000 in setting up its own sales force , which will go into [use] in april .

Scarcely will the shouting about Updike have died away before we 'll be getting Operation Shylock ( Cape , April , £15.99 , 0 224 03009 4 ) by Philip Roth .
scarcely will the shouting about updike have died away before we 'll be getting [use] shylock ( cape , april , £15.99 , 0 224 03009 4 ) by philip roth .

The company says it has no intention of replacing the suspect part before operation but it will take remedial action if cracks subsequently develop .
the company says it has no intention of replacing the suspect part before [use] but it will take remedial action if cracks subsequently develop .

According to the experience of other European plants , leaks are unlikely to start to develop until at least four years after the start of operation .
according to the experience of other european plants , leaks are unlikely to start to develop until at least four years after the start of [use] .

‘ If there is any sign of cracking during operation we are ready .
‘ if there is any sign of cracking during [use] we are ready .

Operation Dodgem aims to cut car crime
[use] dodgem aims to cut car crime

Dom Turner , aged 21 , has just returned from an 11-week assignment in southern Chile with adventure charity Operation Raleigh .
dom turner , aged 21 , has just returned from an 11-week assignment in southern chile with adventure charity [use] raleigh .

It is understood that the Birmingham-based van operation and Leyland lorry assembly plant in Lancashire have only enough brake and clutch assemblies to last them a matter of days .
it is understood that the birmingham-based van [use] and leyland lorry assembly plant in lancashire have only enough brake and clutch assemblies to last them a matter of days .

Underground mines are still in operation in Weardale .
underground mines are still in [use] in weardale .

Smooth operation
smooth [use]

Try a wooden board and , again , use as little water as possible to moisten the gum strip ; too much will make the operation slippery and difficult .
try a wooden board and , again , use as little water as possible to moisten the gum strip ; too much will make the [use] slippery and difficult .

Raleigh International ( formerly Operation Raleigh ) is looking for a number of fine artists to accompany its three month expeditions during 1993 to some of the most remote and beautiful parts of the world .
raleigh international ( formerly [use] raleigh ) is looking for a number of fine artists to accompany its three month expeditions during 1993 to some of the most remote and beautiful parts of the world .

Former footballer Ivan Hender and his fiancee Sue Blackman have just arrived home , six weeks after the vital operation at Papworth Hospital .
former footballer ivan hender and his fiancee sue blackman have just arrived home , six weeks after the vital [use] at papworth hospital .

Ivan , 53 , of Cromer Road , underwent a four-hour operation at Papworth near Cambridge in February , after doctors diagnosed a virus affecting his heart , which made him very ill .
ivan , 53 , of cromer road , underwent a four-hour [use] at papworth near cambridge in february , after doctors diagnosed a virus affecting his heart , which made him very ill .

Ivan said Sue , whom he met two years ago , had spent almost every hour with him during and since the operation .
ivan said sue , whom he met two years ago , had spent almost every hour with him during and since the [use] .

He said he felt no pain , apart from injections which he has never been fond of , and when he came round from the operation the first thing he asked for was the Ipswich football scores and a drink .
he said he felt no pain , apart from injections which he has never been fond of , and when he came round from the [use] the first thing he asked for was the ipswich football scores and a drink .

Stephen needs a simple operation to remove his adenoids and insert grommets in his ears .
stephen needs a simple [use] to remove his adenoids and insert grommets in his ears .

Mrs Banham said he was put on the operation waiting list in December last year , when the wait was about seven months , since then she has been told it could be 18 months .
mrs banham said he was put on the [use] waiting list in december last year , when the wait was about seven months , since then she has been told it could be 18 months .

From last December , his operation date would be in June , 1994 .
from last december , his [use] date would be in june , 1994 .

Mrs Banham and her husband Andy , a roof tiler , considered going private , but that would cost more than £1,250 , and since their other son , one-year-old Ross , needs the same operation they really can not afford it .
mrs banham and her husband andy , a roof tiler , considered going private , but that would cost more than £1,250 , and since their other son , one-year-old ross , needs the same [use] they really can not afford it .

Mr Cooper had an operation late on Sunday at Broomfield Hospital .
mr cooper had an [use] late on sunday at broomfield hospital .

Child awaits operation
child awaits [use]

Police operation praised as three men in court
police [use] praised as three men in court

The biggest police operation of its kind in the county ended successfully yesterday when Leonard Featherstone , 56 , of Tudwick Road , Tiptree , his son Brett , 24 , from the same address and Kenneth Hammond , 36 , of Banters Lane , Great Leighs admitted a total of 55 charges concerning false tacograph entries dating from last March .
the biggest police [use] of its kind in the county ended successfully yesterday when leonard featherstone , 56 , of tudwick road , tiptree , his son brett , 24 , from the same address and kenneth hammond , 36 , of banters lane , great leighs admitted a total of 55 charges concerning false tacograph entries dating from last march .

Police operation praised as three men in court
police [use] praised as three men in court

The biggest police operation of its kind in the county ended successfully yesterday when Leonard Featherstone , 56 , of Tudwick Road , Tiptree , his son Brett , 24 , from the same address and Kenneth Hammond , 36 , of Banters Lane , Great Leighs admitted a total of 55 charges concerning false tachograph entries dating from last March .
the biggest police [use] of its kind in the county ended successfully yesterday when leonard featherstone , 56 , of tudwick road , tiptree , his son brett , 24 , from the same address and kenneth hammond , 36 , of banters lane , great leighs admitted a total of 55 charges concerning false tachograph entries dating from last march .

Though manufactured by a different company from those at Torness , it could be adapted and fitted to bring Reactor 1 back into operation .
though manufactured by a different company from those at torness , it could be adapted and fitted to bring reactor 1 back into [use] .

Six new reactors began to generate electricity during 1992 , bringing the world total of nuclear power units in operation or under construction to 496 worldwide .
six new reactors began to generate electricity during 1992 , bringing the world total of nuclear power units in [use] or under construction to 496 worldwide .

‘ We then started the careful return to base — thoroughly testing all new equipment before returning the fuel route to normal , more efficient operation . ’
‘ we then started the careful return to base — thoroughly testing all new equipment before returning the fuel route to normal , more efficient [use] . ’

‘ In those days , there were various adult programmes and the whole operation came under the umbrella of the State Department , the American foreign ministry .
‘ in those days , there were various adult programmes and the whole [use] came under the umbrella of the state department , the american foreign ministry .

The world 's first commercial power station fuelled by chickens has come into operation at Eye in Suffolk .
the world 's first commercial power station fuelled by chickens has come into [use] at eye in suffolk .

The original scope of work had been severely reduced , limiting the unit 's safe operation to only five years but even this reduced scope was progressing painfully slowly .
the original scope of work had been severely reduced , limiting the unit 's safe [use] to only five years but even this reduced scope was progressing painfully slowly .

As foreseen in last year 's Annual Report , competitive quotations were sought , and a contract let , for plant operation and maintenance of the Library 's buildings for three years from 1991–92 .
as foreseen in last year 's annual report , competitive quotations were sought , and a contract let , for plant [use] and maintenance of the library 's buildings for three years from 1991–92 .

One of the jobs the new drains operation was recently called on to do was to clear the rubber from the runway at Gatwick Airport .
one of the jobs the new drains [use] was recently called on to do was to clear the rubber from the runway at gatwick airport .

Headlines such as ‘ No hiding place for Woodlice ’ signalled the start of a major operation to attempt to control woodlice in a series of blocks of flats in Ardrossan , Ayrshire .
headlines such as ‘ no hiding place for woodlice ’ signalled the start of a major [use] to attempt to control woodlice in a series of blocks of flats in ardrossan , ayrshire .

The two had been part of the Rentokil team on ‘ operation cleanout ’ .
the two had been part of the rentokil team on ‘ [use] cleanout ’ .

The Fast Drains operation will continue to operate from Woking and most of the staff have been retained .
the fast drains [use] will continue to operate from woking and most of the staff have been retained .

The major part of Comlon 's operation is that run by the Contracts Managers , for the business was founded upon provision of fruit and vegetables to hotels , restaurants and clubs .
the major part of comlon 's [use] is that run by the contracts managers , for the business was founded upon provision of fruit and vegetables to hotels , restaurants and clubs .

Each unit covers an aspect of the industry , for example : enquiries and reservations , reception , hotel services , food service , local tours , complaints , tour operation and conferences .
each unit covers an aspect of the industry , for example : enquiries and reservations , reception , hotel services , food service , local tours , complaints , tour [use] and conferences .

Electrical engineer Bob Usher and well engineer Alison Seward are responsible for the daily operation of the 10 ESPs on Forties Echo and recently visited the Singapore facility to check the new procedures .
electrical engineer bob usher and well engineer alison seward are responsible for the daily [use] of the 10 esps on forties echo and recently visited the singapore facility to check the new procedures .

The drilling operation — in a water depth of 72 metres — is scheduled to take just over 100 days .
the drilling [use] — in a water depth of 72 metres — is scheduled to take just over 100 days .

Senior geophysicist John Perry says : ‘ Lessons learned from other groups including the Vietnam team have been invaluable in deciding the right solution for the Nigeria operation .
senior geophysicist john perry says : ‘ lessons learned from other groups including the vietnam team have been invaluable in deciding the right solution for the nigeria [use] .

‘ For this first operation , the seismic data will be processed outside Nigeria with a pre-qualified company with whom we have an established relationship .
‘ for this first [use] , the seismic data will be processed outside nigeria with a pre-qualified company with whom we have an established relationship .

‘ We worked with Tatham to ensure that the equipment satisfied the need to provide safe , efficient operation of their well , ’ Smith notes .
‘ we worked with tatham to ensure that the equipment satisfied the need to provide safe , efficient [use] of their well , ’ smith notes .

Vibration to the platform caused the power supply to be disrupted when the generators stopped , creating a temporary disruption to production and affecting the drilling operation .
vibration to the platform caused the power supply to be disrupted when the generators stopped , creating a temporary disruption to production and affecting the drilling [use] .

Although principally intended as a launch for the new operation procedures , the occasion afforded administrative staff an opportunity to hear about the history and purpose of the Advanced Courses Development Programme .
although principally intended as a launch for the new [use] procedures , the occasion afforded administrative staff an opportunity to hear about the history and purpose of the advanced courses development programme .

It will not be possible to say whether validation has been effective in ensuring that the Council 's courses are truly fulfilling their aims until the first graduates start entering industry but we have already started to review the operation of the validation process .
it will not be possible to say whether validation has been effective in ensuring that the council 's courses are truly fulfilling their aims until the first graduates start entering industry but we have already started to review the [use] of the validation process .

This is a summary of the arrangements which were adopted for the Phase 1 Pilots , a statement of the impressions which have been collected of their operation and an outline of the interim conclusions which have been reached .
this is a summary of the arrangements which were adopted for the phase 1 pilots , a statement of the impressions which have been collected of their [use] and an outline of the interim conclusions which have been reached .

The design and operation of the Elective programme was based on the experience gained from the successful results obtained in the running of our college-based programme at National Certificate level .
the design and [use] of the elective programme was based on the experience gained from the successful results obtained in the running of our college-based programme at national certificate level .

Both of these have also been raised in evaluations of the first six years of National Certificate 's operation .
both of these have also been raised in evaluations of the first six years of national certificate 's [use] .

The Wedgwood Group is committed to ensuring a high standard of environmental management within its factories and also in relation to its operation and existence within the local and wider community , recognising this as an integral part of its Total Quality Management programme .
the wedgwood group is committed to ensuring a high standard of environmental management within its factories and also in relation to its [use] and existence within the local and wider community , recognising this as an integral part of its total quality management programme .

Environmental Audits Environmental audits are carried out at our operating sites to ensure compliance with all statutory requirements and operation in accordance with this policy 's objectives .
environmental audits environmental audits are carried out at our operating sites to ensure compliance with all statutory requirements and [use] in accordance with this policy 's objectives .

The Organisation and its International Economic Environment focuses on applying economic principles to the decision making processes of an organisation and reporting on the effects of international economic events on the operation of British organisations .
the organisation and its international economic environment focuses on applying economic principles to the decision making processes of an organisation and reporting on the effects of international economic events on the [use] of british organisations .

The parallel operation of two systems of short courses/modules raised important issues , both practical ( in terms of centres ' administrative systems ) and educational ( in terms of design of curriculum , articulation and comparability ) .
the parallel [use] of two systems of short courses/modules raised important issues , both practical ( in terms of centres ' administrative systems ) and educational ( in terms of design of curriculum , articulation and comparability ) .

This brings the total number of National Certificates awarded , after only five years of operation , to over 300,000 .
this brings the total number of national certificates awarded , after only five years of [use] , to over 300,000 .

Over the last five years , the number of centres entering candidates for National Certificate has grown steadily and , over the same period , the number of modules in the catalogue has risen from around 700 in the first year of operation to around 2500 this year .
over the last five years , the number of centres entering candidates for national certificate has grown steadily and , over the same period , the number of modules in the catalogue has risen from around 700 in the first year of [use] to around 2500 this year .

Student numbers have grown from 50,000 in the first year of operation to nearly 190,000 in session 1988–89 .
student numbers have grown from 50,000 in the first year of [use] to nearly 190,000 in session 1988–89 .

Over the five years of operation of the National Certificate employers and providers have indicated that , whilst the flexibility of the modular system is of great benefit , it would also be useful to be able to provide an additional separate certificate for a student who successfully completes a group of modules designed to meet the needs of a particular occupational area .
over the five years of [use] of the national certificate employers and providers have indicated that , whilst the flexibility of the modular system is of great benefit , it would also be useful to be able to provide an additional separate certificate for a student who successfully completes a group of modules designed to meet the needs of a particular occupational area .

These elements , validation , approval and verification , will be applied at key stages in the operation of an award .
these elements , validation , approval and verification , will be applied at key stages in the [use] of an award .

appraise the internal quality system for , and the operation of , elements for which responsibility has already been devolved ;
appraise the internal quality system for , and the [use] of , elements for which responsibility has already been devolved ;

harmonise the differences in the operation of elements of the current quality assurance system ;
harmonise the differences in the [use] of elements of the current quality assurance system ;

accountability for the successful operation of each role .
accountability for the successful [use] of each role .

From the start , the operation of commercial nuclear power stations was the responsibility of the electricity utilities .
from the start , the [use] of commercial nuclear power stations was the responsibility of the electricity utilities .

The Group is therefore committed to ensuring a high standard of environmental management both within the factories and also in relation to operation and existence within the local and wider community .
the group is therefore committed to ensuring a high standard of environmental management both within the factories and also in relation to [use] and existence within the local and wider community .

One of the major chain stores has calculated that their own management time has been reduced by 80 % as they are now only involved in inspecting the finished result of the cleaning operation .
one of the major chain stores has calculated that their own management time has been reduced by 80 % as they are now only involved in inspecting the finished result of the cleaning [use] .

The development of Japan 's nuclear power programme reached a milestone recently when the country 's 43rd nuclear unit began commercial operation .
the development of japan 's nuclear power programme reached a milestone recently when the country 's 43rd nuclear unit began commercial [use] .

there was no duty of care owed by the owners of an oil rig to a rescuer who was found not to be a man of ordinary fortitude and phlegm and who suffered psychiatric injuries from experiences during a rescue operation when an oil rig went on fire .
there was no duty of care owed by the owners of an oil rig to a rescuer who was found not to be a man of ordinary fortitude and phlegm and who suffered psychiatric injuries from experiences during a rescue [use] when an oil rig went on fire .

In general the damage sustained must necessitate immediate repair , therefore damage which does not affect the operation of the plant will not be covered .
in general the damage sustained must necessitate immediate repair , therefore damage which does not affect the [use] of the plant will not be covered .

The Staff Motor Engineer can be instructed where the nature of the damage is within his current field of operation e.g. where the Plant could have been equally well insured under Special Type Motor Policies .
the staff motor engineer can be instructed where the nature of the damage is within his current field of [use] e.g. where the plant could have been equally well insured under special type motor policies .

Technical advancement around the Group currently involves four major installations , either in the early stages of operation or undergoing test runs .
technical advancement around the group currently involves four major installations , either in the early stages of [use] or undergoing test runs .

‘ Putting all this new plant and equipment into operation will provide much more flexible manufacturing systems and thereby bring about significantly reduced stock-holding , ’ explained Phil .
‘ putting all this new plant and equipment into [use] will provide much more flexible manufacturing systems and thereby bring about significantly reduced stock-holding , ’ explained phil .

Its extensive milling operation is unique in the Group , probably in the industry .
its extensive milling [use] is unique in the group , probably in the industry .

Through a 24-hours every-day operation , about 150 tons of flint are processed each week .
through a 24-hours every-day [use] , about 150 tons of flint are processed each week .

‘ Although the calcinating plant has been in operation for some years now , it is the most modern of its type in the industry , ’ commented senior mill manager Graham Jones , ‘ and while it may not be attractive to the eye , it does produce beautiful materials .
‘ although the calcinating plant has been in [use] for some years now , it is the most modern of its type in the industry , ’ commented senior mill manager graham jones , ‘ and while it may not be attractive to the eye , it does produce beautiful materials .

Once you have familiarized yourself both with the locus and , for example , operation of particular type of machinery and/or system of work you valuate whether or not the accident happened as a result of fault on the part of your insured not necessarily allied to the ground ( s ) of fault intimated by the third party solicitor .
once you have familiarized yourself both with the locus and , for example , [use] of particular type of machinery and/or system of work you valuate whether or not the accident happened as a result of fault on the part of your insured not necessarily allied to the ground ( s ) of fault intimated by the third party solicitor .

An appeal can be marked without significant cost being incurred at that stage and frequently appeals are marked as a holding operation while advice is taken on the prospects of the appeal succeeding .
an appeal can be marked without significant cost being incurred at that stage and frequently appeals are marked as a holding [use] while advice is taken on the prospects of the appeal succeeding .

No restriction as to the scope of the operation of the section is given and we are , therefore , dependent on the wording of the section itself .
no restriction as to the scope of the [use] of the section is given and we are , therefore , dependent on the wording of the section itself .

The essential restriction on the operation of the section is that it applies only where ‘ there is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will … develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition ’ .
the essential restriction on the [use] of the section is that it applies only where ‘ there is proved or admitted to be a risk that at some definite or indefinite time in the future , the injured person will … develop some serious disease or suffer some serious deterioration in his physical or mental condition ’ .

With losses in the second quarter reduced to $ 0.8m ( 1992 : $ 5.4m loss ) , General Accident 's property services operation produced a substantially lower deficit at the half year of $ 4.5m ( 1992 : $ 9.9m loss ) as measures designed to reduce operating costs continued to take effect .
with losses in the second quarter reduced to $ 0.8m ( 1992 : $ 5.4m loss ) , general accident 's property services [use] produced a substantially lower deficit at the half year of $ 4.5m ( 1992 : $ 9.9m loss ) as measures designed to reduce operating costs continued to take effect .

Following losses in the fourth quarter of $ 6.7m ( 1991 : $ 5.9m loss ) , General Accident 's property services operation produced a deficit for the year which was marginally higher at $ 18.8m ( 1991 : $ 17.8m loss ) .
following losses in the fourth quarter of $ 6.7m ( 1991 : $ 5.9m loss ) , general accident 's property services [use] produced a deficit for the year which was marginally higher at $ 18.8m ( 1991 : $ 17.8m loss ) .

While there was some improvement in the second half of the year , losses in France were substantially higher at $ 23.8m ( 1991 : $ 10.9m loss ) following a sharp market-wide increase in motor and large property claims , substantial costs in developing a direct marketing operation and some reserve strengthening .
while there was some improvement in the second half of the year , losses in france were substantially higher at $ 23.8m ( 1991 : $ 10.9m loss ) following a sharp market-wide increase in motor and large property claims , substantial costs in developing a direct marketing [use] and some reserve strengthening .

Losses in connection with General Accident 's property services operation were down from $ 4.5m to $ 3.7m , as measures designed to reduce operating costs began to take effect .
losses in connection with general accident 's property services [use] were down from $ 4.5m to $ 3.7m , as measures designed to reduce operating costs began to take effect .

They also assisted the local archaeologist in alerting the relevant authorities to the locations of important prehistoric remains at risk of damage by the movement of heavy equipment during the clean-up operation .
they also assisted the local archaeologist in alerting the relevant authorities to the locations of important prehistoric remains at risk of damage by the movement of heavy equipment during the clean-up [use] .

It is a time-consuming operation but we estimate that it should be complete in the next two years .
it is a time-consuming [use] but we estimate that it should be complete in the next two years .

Autocover , our Motor Insurance Scheme has been in operation now for over eleven years .
autocover , our motor insurance scheme has been in [use] now for over eleven years .

What do they mean when they say there will be no promotions at present ? Is it a holding operation until a swathe of Managers and Assistant Managers , especially those who have served their purpose , are induced into early retirement ? Is it that the overall proportion of Management to staff is too high so the balance is being put right ? Are outsiders being recruited without reference to any existing scale ?
what do they mean when they say there will be no promotions at present ? is it a holding [use] until a swathe of managers and assistant managers , especially those who have served their purpose , are induced into early retirement ? is it that the overall proportion of management to staff is too high so the balance is being put right ? are outsiders being recruited without reference to any existing scale ?

We all remember well Bank statements alluding to improved customer service ; the creation of hundreds of jobs ; the smooth operation of Extended Hours and the commitment to staff input .
we all remember well bank statements alluding to improved customer service ; the creation of hundreds of jobs ; the smooth [use] of extended hours and the commitment to staff input .

When , in a major exercise , Rank Xerox switched a number of specialised staff to operating as teleworking freelance consultants ( involving setup costs of just £1,300 per head and achieving savings in office expenses of £17,500 per worker in the first year of operation ) , sending instructions by electronic mail was not enough : a ‘ gossip line ’ was introduced so that they could keep up on office news .
when , in a major exercise , rank xerox switched a number of specialised staff to operating as teleworking freelance consultants ( involving setup costs of just £1,300 per head and achieving savings in office expenses of £17,500 per worker in the first year of [use] ) , sending instructions by electronic mail was not enough : a ‘ gossip line ’ was introduced so that they could keep up on office news .

At the time of writing , two major developments in the European incentives ' field are still under discussion — the negotiation of the next ( Fourth ) Framework Programme for research and development , and the outcome of the reform of the Structural Fund Regulations ( which govern the operation of the European Regional Development Fund , the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund and the European Social Fund ) .
at the time of writing , two major developments in the european incentives ' field are still under discussion — the negotiation of the next ( fourth ) framework programme for research and development , and the outcome of the reform of the structural fund regulations ( which govern the [use] of the european regional development fund , the european agricultural guidance and guarantee fund and the european social fund ) .

Following hard on the heels of last year 's Burger King 's development is Pizza Hut Express , which has recently opened a 120-seater pizza slice operation located in Thorpe Park 's Dome .
following hard on the heels of last year 's burger king 's development is pizza hut express , which has recently opened a 120-seater pizza slice [use] located in thorpe park 's dome .

It is the first time that Pizza Hut has opened an Express slice operation in a leisure attraction of Thorpe Park 's size .
it is the first time that pizza hut has opened an express slice [use] in a leisure attraction of thorpe park 's size .

As part of an increasingly cost-driven organisation , Lt Col Hatton faces some tough management tasks affecting the entire operation , from length of courses ( they are , generally , being tightened up and shortened ) to the time , effort and money devoted to training Salon Culinaire entrants , a traditional area of Army catering expertise for which resources are shrinking .
as part of an increasingly cost-driven organisation , lt col hatton faces some tough management tasks affecting the entire [use] , from length of courses ( they are , generally , being tightened up and shortened ) to the time , effort and money devoted to training salon culinaire entrants , a traditional area of army catering expertise for which resources are shrinking .

The overall quality of the operation , and therefore its current value as a lending risk , is assessed by the valuer from every relevant viewpoint — the calibre , presentation and situation of the premises , current and potential competition , likely or possible changes in the local development plan , possible changes in the demography of the area and other commercial considerations .
the overall quality of the [use] , and therefore its current value as a lending risk , is assessed by the valuer from every relevant viewpoint — the calibre , presentation and situation of the premises , current and potential competition , likely or possible changes in the local development plan , possible changes in the demography of the area and other commercial considerations .

The total value of research grants and contracts in operation during the year was £4.76 million , constituting one-quarter of the total value of all grants held by the University .
the total value of research grants and contracts in [use] during the year was £4.76 million , constituting one-quarter of the total value of all grants held by the university .

McIntosh worked in the discretionary fund management operation of the firm and also looked after the dealing and institutional sales side .
mcintosh worked in the discretionary fund management [use] of the firm and also looked after the dealing and institutional sales side .

In research , the hunt for funds has become not only more competitive , but a highly skilled operation .
in research , the hunt for funds has become not only more competitive , but a highly skilled [use] .

The operation of SVQs and other vocational qualifications
the [use] of svqs and other vocational qualifications

While remaining guarded about the exact type of operation Shadowfax is considering , the partners are currently looking at sites and expect to open the first one within the year .
while remaining guarded about the exact type of [use] shadowfax is considering , the partners are currently looking at sites and expect to open the first one within the year .

The restaurant is an important part of the hotel 's attraction , says John Serbrock , as the food and beverage operation is very important for local business .
the restaurant is an important part of the hotel 's attraction , says john serbrock , as the food and beverage [use] is very important for local business .

The manual 's sections take each aspect of a hotel operation in turn and give recommendations for action .
the manual 's sections take each aspect of a hotel [use] in turn and give recommendations for action .

The new breed of Pub retailers are seeking new prime sites , where as a large managed operation , designed to a specifically targeted market with a minimum potential trade of £15,000 per week , the full advantage of creating an enhancement of site value is achieved .
the new breed of pub retailers are seeking new prime sites , where as a large managed [use] , designed to a specifically targeted market with a minimum potential trade of £15,000 per week , the full advantage of creating an enhancement of site value is achieved .

Your manager may ask your views when preparing the detailed operation plan for meeting targets in the year ahead .
your manager may ask your views when preparing the detailed [use] plan for meeting targets in the year ahead .

If you are given the opportunity to work flexible working hours , you may agree your working times with your manager within the flexible working hours scheme in operation where you work , subject to the operational needs of the organisation .
if you are given the opportunity to work flexible working hours , you may agree your working times with your manager within the flexible working hours scheme in [use] where you work , subject to the operational needs of the organisation .

information as to 1 ) need for research in own interest area ( does it exist ) 2 ) time out of work situation — can cover be provided ? 3 ) financing the operation ?
information as to 1 ) need for research in own interest area ( does it exist ) 2 ) time out of work situation — can cover be provided ? 3 ) financing the [use] ?

The chairman declined the invitation to flag off the train at Curriehill Station on Monday , 11th May , the first day of its operation .
the chairman declined the invitation to flag off the train at curriehill station on monday , 11th may , the first day of its [use] .

Constable McLennan reported on a scheme in operation in the public houses in Juniper Green .
constable mclennan reported on a scheme in [use] in the public houses in juniper green .

Information from Dept. of Environmental Health on the operation and running of Private Cemeteries formerly owned by Crown ground .
information from dept. of environmental health on the [use] and running of private cemeteries formerly owned by crown ground .

Planning After one year 's operation the addition to the Chip Shop has been reviewed and passed as satisfactory .
planning after one year 's [use] the addition to the chip shop has been reviewed and passed as satisfactory .

The Government intends to set up a Staff Commission to oversee this process , but details of its remit and operation are as yet unclear .
the government intends to set up a staff commission to oversee this process , but details of its remit and [use] are as yet unclear .

Highways made the point that the yellow-line alterations and refuge islands are based on the present stop positions and they would prefer that these not be altered until we have experience of the new arrangements in operation .
highways made the point that the yellow-line alterations and refuge islands are based on the present stop positions and they would prefer that these not be altered until we have experience of the new arrangements in [use] .

It is possible that for brief periods during construction of the breakwater , barges or other vessels may need to moor in positions which would affect operation of the radar station .
it is possible that for brief periods during construction of the breakwater , barges or other vessels may need to moor in positions which would affect [use] of the radar station .

This practice is already in operation at Chesser House .
this practice is already in [use] at chesser house .

Annalisa Sellen was one of the undercover officers responsible for the operation .
annalisa sellen was one of the undercover officers responsible for the [use] .

The shapechanger was inspecting the operation .
the shapechanger was inspecting the [use] .

The dwarf sat on the floor , guiding the operation .
the dwarf sat on the floor , guiding the [use] .

In fact , that single action was the one thing that blew their cover , caused the failure of the entire operation .
in fact , that single action was the one thing that blew their cover , caused the failure of the entire [use] .

‘ Operation Eagle , the Churchill affair .
‘ [use] eagle , the churchill affair .

‘ This Operation Eagle affair .
‘ this [use] eagle affair .

‘ Operation Eagle , however brilliantly conceived , ended in failure , and who would wish to take failure into the Führer 's office and place it on his desk ?
‘ [use] eagle , however brilliantly conceived , ended in failure , and who would wish to take failure into the führer 's office and place it on his desk ?

‘ Operation Eagle almost succeeded . ’
‘ [use] eagle almost succeeded . ’

So , Himmler was giving him the same powers as he had given Max Radl for Operation Eagle . But why ? Why was it so important to get Steiner back and in the time scale indicated ?
so , himmler was giving him the same powers as he had given max radl for [use] eagle . but why ? why was it so important to get steiner back and in the time scale indicated ?

The Operation Eagle affair .
the [use] eagle affair .

‘ Operation Eagle ? Oh , yes . ’
‘ [use] eagle ? oh , yes . ’

You received twenty thousand pounds for your work on Operation Eagle paid into a Geneva account .
you received twenty thousand pounds for your work on [use] eagle paid into a geneva account .

The Führer does n't know about Operation Eagle .
the führer does n't know about [use] eagle .

They 're interested in mounting a rescue operation . ’
they 're interested in mounting a rescue [use] . ’

‘ Are you actually inviting them to try and mount this operation , sir ? ’
‘ are you actually inviting them to try and mount this [use] , sir ? ’

‘ You have n't been pressured into any further interrogation , not only because of the condition you were in for so long , ’ Munro said , ‘ but because we know everything there is to know about Operation Eagle . ’
‘ you have n't been pressured into any further interrogation , not only because of the condition you were in for so long , ’ munro said , ‘ but because we know everything there is to know about [use] eagle . ’

‘ It occurs to me that one of the cleverest things about Operation Eagle was the way Colonel Steiner and his men were transported to England .
‘ it occurs to me that one of the cleverest things about [use] eagle was the way colonel steiner and his men were transported to england .

Then they set up resourcing arrangements , just as they would do for any other business operation they undertook .
then they set up resourcing arrangements , just as they would do for any other business [use] they undertook .

The polytechnics were from this point onwards to have greater opportunities for development than other colleges , as a result of the operation of two factors .
the polytechnics were from this point onwards to have greater opportunities for development than other colleges , as a result of the [use] of two factors .

The Council 's agendas for the late 1960s were preoccupied not only with the validation procedure and its outcomes , but also with relations with the University of London and its external degree , and with the binary policy , teacher education and the Council 's committee and board sub-structure and operation . The Council 's name , as we have seen , was another preoccupation , and in 1968 , while the issue was still a live one , members were asked to submit suggestions , and the following were made , either at a meeting or in writing :
the council 's agendas for the late 1960s were preoccupied not only with the validation procedure and its outcomes , but also with relations with the university of london and its external degree , and with the binary policy , teacher education and the council 's committee and board sub-structure and [use] . the council 's name , as we have seen , was another preoccupation , and in 1968 , while the issue was still a live one , members were asked to submit suggestions , and the following were made , either at a meeting or in writing :

It emphasized that many people considered that direct contact between boards and course teams was ‘ one of the most valued aspects of the Council 's operation ’ , and the Council concurred with this view as long as boards worked within the policies laid down by the committees .
it emphasized that many people considered that direct contact between boards and course teams was ‘ one of the most valued aspects of the council 's [use] ’ , and the council concurred with this view as long as boards worked within the policies laid down by the committees .

The theme of Chemical Engineering is the interaction of scientific , physical and economic factors in the design , operation and management of plant in the process industries .
the theme of chemical engineering is the interaction of scientific , physical and economic factors in the design , [use] and management of plant in the process industries .

Such human needs will range from the basic ones for security , which are threatened when other members of an organization wish to close part of the operation down or attempt to perform the same operations with fewer personnel , to the need for self-realization , which may be threatened by extreme specialization and limited capabilities within the division of labour perceived by those in authority to be necessary for the maximization of their objectives ( which will invariably be presented as the goals of ‘ the organization ’ ) .
such human needs will range from the basic ones for security , which are threatened when other members of an organization wish to close part of the [use] down or attempt to perform the same operations with fewer personnel , to the need for self-realization , which may be threatened by extreme specialization and limited capabilities within the division of labour perceived by those in authority to be necessary for the maximization of their objectives ( which will invariably be presented as the goals of ‘ the organization ’ ) .

That 's why the story sounded plausible in the first place — he knew enough about the operation to string us along .
that 's why the story sounded plausible in the first place — he knew enough about the [use] to string us along .

Five were poor subjects for operation , so that endoscopic treatment by heater probe was performed .
five were poor subjects for [use] , so that endoscopic treatment by heater probe was performed .

Two patients required operation because of further recurrence after heater probe treatment and difficulties in reaching the lesion , respectively .
two patients required [use] because of further recurrence after heater probe treatment and difficulties in reaching the lesion , respectively .

In the other five rebleeding patients an operation was performed successfully .
in the other five rebleeding patients an [use] was performed successfully .

Two had a mild haemorrhage and the third patient refused both operation and heater probe treatment .
two had a mild haemorrhage and the third patient refused both [use] and heater probe treatment .

This decision was made based on ethical consideration despite the fact that the use of the heater probe as a rescue treatment would be a confounding variable in the assessment of the subsequent outcome ( operation or death ) .
this decision was made based on ethical consideration despite the fact that the use of the heater probe as a rescue treatment would be a confounding variable in the assessment of the subsequent outcome ( [use] or death ) .

Lin et al , after one or two sessions of thermocoagulation , achieved a significant lower rate of rebleeding , emergency operation , death , and days in hospital compared with control patients .
lin et al , after one or two sessions of thermocoagulation , achieved a significant lower rate of rebleeding , emergency [use] , death , and days in hospital compared with control patients .

Before operation all patients were regarded as having ulcerative colitis based on a combination of clinical , radiological , endoscopic , and pathological findings .
before [use] all patients were regarded as having ulcerative colitis based on a combination of clinical , radiological , endoscopic , and pathological findings .

All the available pathological material on these 81 patients was reviewed by one person with an international reputation in the pathology of inflammatory bowel disease who did not know the outcome of the operation .
all the available pathological material on these 81 patients was reviewed by one person with an international reputation in the pathology of inflammatory bowel disease who did not know the outcome of the [use] .

These complications all occurred within three months of operation and all were considered to be technical in nature .
these complications all occurred within three months of [use] and all were considered to be technical in nature .

Most complications ( n=7 ) occurred in the first third of the series and may partly be ascribed to a ‘ learning process ’ with the operation .
most complications ( n=7 ) occurred in the first third of the series and may partly be ascribed to a ‘ learning process ’ with the [use] .

Nevertheless , the pouch operation failed in only three patients , the other seven having satisfactory functional results .
nevertheless , the pouch [use] failed in only three patients , the other seven having satisfactory functional results .

The frequency of ‘ pouchitis ’ in ulcerative colitis patients who have colectomy and pouch construction contrasts with the apparent rarity of pouchitis in patients who have the same operation for familial polyposis .
the frequency of ‘ pouchitis ’ in ulcerative colitis patients who have colectomy and pouch construction contrasts with the apparent rarity of pouchitis in patients who have the same [use] for familial polyposis .

Osteotomies have been used too , but the ultimate treatment is often an alloplastic joint operation .
osteotomies have been used too , but the ultimate treatment is often an alloplastic joint [use] .

One further operation was done in October 1991 , at which a perineal sinus was explored and reopened .
one further [use] was done in october 1991 , at which a perineal sinus was explored and reopened .

At operation she was noted to have multiple , grey , firm peritoneal nodules mainly in the infrahepatic space but also throughout the peritoneum .
at [use] she was noted to have multiple , grey , firm peritoneal nodules mainly in the infrahepatic space but also throughout the peritoneum .

Less invasive methods of minicholecystectomy and laparoscopic cholecystectomy are replacing the conventional operation and offer similar advantages to percutaneous cholecystolithotomy without the risk of stone recurrence .
less invasive methods of minicholecystectomy and laparoscopic cholecystectomy are replacing the conventional [use] and offer similar advantages to percutaneous cholecystolithotomy without the risk of stone recurrence .

The reasons for referral were either at the patient 's request because of an unwillingness to undergo an operation ( 70 % ) or because the patient was a high operative risk ( 30 % ) .
the reasons for referral were either at the patient 's request because of an unwillingness to undergo an [use] ( 70 % ) or because the patient was a high operative risk ( 30 % ) .

The surgical exposure is satisfactory and not unduly prolonged in even the largest patients and the technique does not interfere with any subsequent transplant operation .
the surgical exposure is satisfactory and not unduly prolonged in even the largest patients and the technique does not interfere with any subsequent transplant [use] .

Extensive oesophagogastric devascularisation combined with splenectomy , pyloromyotomy , vagotomy , and oesophageal transection has been widely practised in Japan while a modified version of this operation has been used in Great Britain .
extensive oesophagogastric devascularisation combined with splenectomy , pyloromyotomy , vagotomy , and oesophageal transection has been widely practised in japan while a modified version of this [use] has been used in great britain .

Patients requiring more than 10 units of blood on a single admission were defined as failures of sclerotherapy and were referred for surgery — the type of operation being left to the discretion of the clinician involved .
patients requiring more than 10 units of blood on a single admission were defined as failures of sclerotherapy and were referred for surgery — the type of [use] being left to the discretion of the clinician involved .

This included a third patient who bled after randomisation and before surgery and who subsequently rebled four months after the operation .
this included a third patient who bled after randomisation and before surgery and who subsequently rebled four months after the [use] .

The major costof the surgical procedure relates to the operation itself and to the postoperative hospital stay .
the major costof the surgical procedure relates to the [use] itself and to the postoperative hospital stay .

Such is the cost of the initial surgical admission that even if the surgical patients incurred no further costs at all after discharge from hospital it would be five years before the cumulative expenditure associated with sclerotherapy reached that of the operation .
such is the cost of the initial surgical admission that even if the surgical patients incurred no further costs at all after discharge from hospital it would be five years before the cumulative expenditure associated with sclerotherapy reached that of the [use] .

Although in three cases it was recognised that the operation was technically unsatisfactory and early rebleeding was encountered in each case , in the rest there appeared to be no obvious explanation for these surgical failures .
although in three cases it was recognised that the [use] was technically unsatisfactory and early rebleeding was encountered in each case , in the rest there appeared to be no obvious explanation for these surgical failures .

The time interval between surgery and rebleeding was very variable , in one case occurring over four years after the initial operation .
the time interval between surgery and rebleeding was very variable , in one case occurring over four years after the initial [use] .

Nevertheless these are likely to be higher for oesophageal transection and gastric devascularisation patients , given the major operation and the long postoperative stay .
nevertheless these are likely to be higher for oesophageal transection and gastric devascularisation patients , given the major [use] and the long postoperative stay .

None of the patients were alcoholic or had any history of small intestinal disease , gastric operation , or small bowel resection and had not lost more than 10 % of body weight in the six months preceding the study .
none of the patients were alcoholic or had any history of small intestinal disease , gastric [use] , or small bowel resection and had not lost more than 10 % of body weight in the six months preceding the study .

Their mean age at operation was 48 years , with a range of 21 to 67 .
their mean age at [use] was 48 years , with a range of 21 to 67 .

In another study while 33 % of patients with high grade dysplasia developed cancer within six years 33 % were not operated on and were alive and well five years later so not all authors have advised operation even when high grade dysplasia has been diagnosed .
in another study while 33 % of patients with high grade dysplasia developed cancer within six years 33 % were not operated on and were alive and well five years later so not all authors have advised [use] even when high grade dysplasia has been diagnosed .

Height velocity in the first year after operation increased dramatically compared with year before operation among patients with growth potential .
height velocity in the first year after [use] increased dramatically compared with year before [use] among patients with growth potential .

Six months after the operation , constipation ( defined as < 3 stools/wk or frequent straining ) had gone away more often than it had developed ( 12 v 7 women respectively ) and the prevalence of irritable bowel syndrome was unchanged .
six months after the [use] , constipation ( defined as < 3 stools/wk or frequent straining ) had gone away more often than it had developed ( 12 v 7 women respectively ) and the prevalence of irritable bowel syndrome was unchanged .

All those who said they had had the first operation had an appropriate scar and ab absent gall bladder on ultrasonography .
all those who said they had had the first [use] had an appropriate scar and ab absent gall bladder on ultrasonography .

Possible explanations for a difference between older and younger women are that the operation has a delayed effect , that the operative technique has changed over the years so that it is less likely to affect bowel function , or that gynaecologists are doing fewer operations on women with pelvic pain of intestinal origin .
possible explanations for a difference between older and younger women are that the [use] has a delayed effect , that the operative technique has changed over the years so that it is less likely to affect bowel function , or that gynaecologists are doing fewer operations on women with pelvic pain of intestinal origin .

The data do not prove that the operation precedes the bowel dysfunction , and it is possible that women who are troubled by the symptoms of constipation are more likely to report gynaecological symptoms to their general practitioners .
the data do not prove that the [use] precedes the bowel dysfunction , and it is possible that women who are troubled by the symptoms of constipation are more likely to report gynaecological symptoms to their general practitioners .

The Table gives details of patients with respect to age , length of time since operation , intragastric pH , and smoking history .
the table gives details of patients with respect to age , length of time since [use] , intragastric ph , and smoking history .

The two groups are remarkably similar with respect to age , male/female ratio , length of time since operation , and percentage of smokers .
the two groups are remarkably similar with respect to age , male/female ratio , length of time since [use] , and percentage of smokers .

Thirty six patiens with peptic ulceration were studied before and after operation , as part of a research protocol .
thirty six patiens with peptic ulceration were studied before and after [use] , as part of a research protocol .

Patients referred for diagnostic studies were grouped according to their symptoms , whether symptoms developed after operation , and according to the stated anticipation of the result , slow or fast emptying , recorded by the referring clinician .
patients referred for diagnostic studies were grouped according to their symptoms , whether symptoms developed after [use] , and according to the stated anticipation of the result , slow or fast emptying , recorded by the referring clinician .

Fifteen peptic ulcer patients who were not part of any formal trial of treatment , were referred , chiefly by surgeons ( 12 patients ) presumasbly to help choose the most appropriate operation .
fifteen peptic ulcer patients who were not part of any formal trial of treatment , were referred , chiefly by surgeons ( 12 patients ) presumasbly to help choose the most appropriate [use] .

Only the result for this last patient is noted to have influenced the choice of operation .
only the result for this last patient is noted to have influenced the choice of [use] .

An attempt to determine before operation whether peptic ulcer patients are at risk of developing postvagotomy symptoms seems laudable but in practice such clues as there may be are probably too subtle to identify with any confidence from a non-invasive gastric emptying test .
an attempt to determine before [use] whether peptic ulcer patients are at risk of developing postvagotomy symptoms seems laudable but in practice such clues as there may be are probably too subtle to identify with any confidence from a non-invasive gastric emptying test .

Contrast enhanced computed tomography ( n=29 ) , or operation ( n=15 ) , or both confirmed the diagnosis in 32 patients and it was confirmed by ultrasound scan in the remaining four patients .
contrast enhanced computed tomography ( n=29 ) , or [use] ( n=15 ) , or both confirmed the diagnosis in 32 patients and it was confirmed by ultrasound scan in the remaining four patients .

Although about 20 % of the women were taken into hospital at the time of their illness , we do not know how many of the episodes were confirmed radiologically or at operation .
although about 20 % of the women were taken into hospital at the time of their illness , we do not know how many of the episodes were confirmed radiologically or at [use] .

In the bathing establishment itself the operation was long and often complicated .
in the bathing establishment itself the [use] was long and often complicated .

The operation was done through the midline scar and the recurrent tumour was removed from the right upper rectus together with surrounding unaffected tissue .
the [use] was done through the midline scar and the recurrent tumour was removed from the right upper rectus together with surrounding unaffected tissue .

The whole operation is under the control of a production manager who also has responsibility for quality control .
the whole [use] is under the control of a production manager who also has responsibility for quality control .

The firm expects in June to be able to take advantage of adjacent property , cost £150,000 , to expand their operation .
the firm expects in june to be able to take advantage of adjacent property , cost £150,000 , to expand their [use] .

‘ They 've done the operation hundreds of times , though . ’
‘ they 've done the [use] hundreds of times , though . ’

The whole operation is run from the van .
the whole [use] is run from the van .

‘ Frank 's been back but he 's gone again , ’ she said , quivering with importance . ‘ Salome 's had her operation but there 's no change in her condition which is a good sign rather than a bad one … ’
‘ frank 's been back but he 's gone again , ’ she said , quivering with importance . ‘ salome 's had her [use] but there 's no change in her condition which is a good sign rather than a bad one … ’

‘ We 're showing up his operation so he 'll never be able to use it again . ’
‘ we 're showing up his [use] so he 'll never be able to use it again . ’

For those unfamiliar with our operation here , this is the terrain .
for those unfamiliar with our [use] here , this is the terrain .

Following the first operation , two others had kept him in hospital for two months .
following the first [use] , two others had kept him in hospital for two months .

As a crude approximation , the 1930s saw unemployment as a dominant issue , while the 1950s and early 1960s saw the operation of the Keynesian consensus with full ( or some say over-full ) employment .
as a crude approximation , the 1930s saw unemployment as a dominant issue , while the 1950s and early 1960s saw the [use] of the keynesian consensus with full ( or some say over-full ) employment .

Similarly , a local economy may not prove effective for the operation of redistribution policy .
similarly , a local economy may not prove effective for the [use] of redistribution policy .

Romer and Rosenthal ( 1980 ) have presented an alternative model of the operation of bureaux .
romer and rosenthal ( 1980 ) have presented an alternative model of the [use] of bureaux .

Whether , in operation , such a tax would have lower administrative costs than a personal income tax depends on the details of the tax .
whether , in [use] , such a tax would have lower administrative costs than a personal income tax depends on the details of the tax .

The second , absolutist , view is that it is an additional ‘ absolute ’ tax on corporate income independent of the operation of the personal income tax system .
the second , absolutist , view is that it is an additional ‘ absolute ’ tax on corporate income independent of the [use] of the personal income tax system .

It was an operation he had never done before , and it was schrecklich difficult .
it was an [use] he had never done before , and it was schrecklich difficult .

Before the Germans overran Norway , Edward learned , he had mounted an operation to smuggle out all the heavy water stocked at the Norsk Hydro , which was the only producer in the world .
before the germans overran norway , edward learned , he had mounted an [use] to smuggle out all the heavy water stocked at the norsk hydro , which was the only producer in the world .

So they were able to plot their operation with some precision as first they swam slowly abreast across the river , then turning and recrossing the current , ever feeling , ever searching , as they worked their way slowly downstream into the more placid reaches of the water .
so they were able to plot their [use] with some precision as first they swam slowly abreast across the river , then turning and recrossing the current , ever feeling , ever searching , as they worked their way slowly downstream into the more placid reaches of the water .

Their operation , however , is very similar to ( and modelled on ) conventional change control procedures .
their [use] , however , is very similar to ( and modelled on ) conventional change control procedures .

The cycle of modification starting from one agreed baseline and ending at another agreed baseline will be used to explain the operation of DCs .
the cycle of modification starting from one agreed baseline and ending at another agreed baseline will be used to explain the [use] of dcs .

These terms and the various types of media available are described later in this section under ‘ Operation of the Offline System ’ .
these terms and the various types of media available are described later in this section under ‘ [use] of the offline system ’ .

Online media items are checked by the nature of their operation ; that is , they are generally used on a regular basis and any degradation is noticed immediately .
online media items are checked by the nature of their [use] ; that is , they are generally used on a regular basis and any degradation is noticed immediately .

Operation of the Offline System
[use] of the offline system

The operation of the offline system is designed on the assumption that any media used to retain offline files are of the nature of ‘ write-once ’ media .
the [use] of the offline system is designed on the assumption that any media used to retain offline files are of the nature of ‘ write-once ’ media .

After an online to offline operation for a particular version of a module , subsequent offline requests simply cause the online copy to be deleted , since the offline system is known to hold a copy already .
after an online to offline [use] for a particular version of a module , subsequent offline requests simply cause the online copy to be deleted , since the offline system is known to hold a copy already .

The operation of the offline system can not be completely divorced from manual procedures associated with the offline media items .
the [use] of the offline system can not be completely divorced from manual procedures associated with the offline media items .

The required user attributes of the software management system are that it is efficient in operation and supportive of the needs of software producers .
the required user attributes of the software management system are that it is efficient in [use] and supportive of the needs of software producers .

Ensure that modified software is formally approved before the modification operation is recognised as complete .
ensure that modified software is formally approved before the modification [use] is recognised as complete .

There are a range of job titles in use in most organisations , some inherent in design and production and some specific to the requirements of configuration control and computer operation .
there are a range of job titles in use in most organisations , some inherent in design and production and some specific to the requirements of configuration control and computer [use] .

This will not affect the program operation .
this will not affect the program [use] .

Program Operation
program [use]

The name of the package to be used for the operation .
the name of the package to be used for the [use] .

The name of the package to be used for the operation .
the name of the package to be used for the [use] .

The name of the package to be used for the operation .
the name of the package to be used for the [use] .

The name of the module to be used for the operation .
the name of the module to be used for the [use] .

When you select this option , the first page will be displayed to obtain the name of the package for the operation .
when you select this option , the first page will be displayed to obtain the name of the package for the [use] .

The type ( s ) of operation which will be performed by the unit .
the type ( s ) of [use] which will be performed by the unit .

There are four types of operation for which a single media unit can be used .
there are four types of [use] for which a single media unit can be used .

Directory not available for required operation
directory not available for required [use]

Process model operation successful
process model [use] successful

The process model operation has been processed successfully .
the process model [use] has been processed successfully .

Process model operation failure
process model [use] failure

There are a range of job titles in use in most organisations , some inherent in design and production and some specific to the requirements of configuration control and computer operation .
there are a range of job titles in use in most organisations , some inherent in design and production and some specific to the requirements of configuration control and computer [use] .

The cycle of modification starting from one agreed baseline and ending at another agreed baseline will be used to explain the operation of DCs .
the cycle of modification starting from one agreed baseline and ending at another agreed baseline will be used to explain the [use] of dcs .

Offline requests are initiated by the Offline Manager , who decides when offline should start running , the duration of the run , and the type of operation to be performed : a Primary copy , a Secondary copy , a Restore , a Verification , or any combination of these provided sufficient units are available .
offline requests are initiated by the offline manager , who decides when offline should start running , the duration of the run , and the type of [use] to be performed : a primary copy , a secondary copy , a restore , a verification , or any combination of these provided sufficient units are available .

This may be convenient for overnight/weekend operation if it is accepted that the duration time is not critical .
this may be convenient for overnight/weekend [use] if it is accepted that the duration time is not critical .

Individually the songs from ‘ Empire ’ are as good as anything from ‘ Mindcrime ’ , but played in its entirety ‘ Operation : Mindcrime ’ is phenomenal , stark , and as a uncompromising as they come .
individually the songs from ‘ empire ’ are as good as anything from ‘ mindcrime ’ , but played in its entirety ‘ [use] : mindcrime ’ is phenomenal , stark , and as a uncompromising as they come .

‘ To run any kind of quality operation , the name of the game is consistency .
‘ to run any kind of quality [use] , the name of the game is consistency .

Any operation that is legal on a named variable of that type is legal on a dynamic variable of that type .
any [use] that is legal on a named variable of that type is legal on a dynamic variable of that type .

Often two implementations will differ in the speed of each operation , but neither will be faster than the other for all operations .
often two implementations will differ in the speed of each [use] , but neither will be faster than the other for all operations .

India has over 60 000 and South Korea 30 000 biogas production plants in operation .
india has over 60 000 and south korea 30 000 biogas production plants in [use] .

The primacy effect is thought to reflect the operation of secondary memory , i.e. recall from a long-term memory store while the recency effect is believed to reflect the operation of primary memory , i.e recall from a short-term memory store ( Bernstein et al , 1988 ) .
the primacy effect is thought to reflect the [use] of secondary memory , i.e. recall from a long-term memory store while the recency effect is believed to reflect the [use] of primary memory , i.e recall from a short-term memory store ( bernstein et al , 1988 ) .

Joe Samways is shown weaving a Chlidema Wilton for the Hilton Hotel in Paris , a highly skilled operation where borders are woven as an integrated part of the main design .
joe samways is shown weaving a chlidema wilton for the hilton hotel in paris , a highly skilled [use] where borders are woven as an integrated part of the main design .

Once operational , the existing scouring machine presently located in the dye house will be moved along-side its new partner , where foundation work has already been completed for this major operation .
once operational , the existing scouring machine presently located in the dye house will be moved along-side its new partner , where foundation work has already been completed for this major [use] .

Charlie Broadhead died on Monday 15th October while recuperating from a major operation .
charlie broadhead died on monday 15th october while recuperating from a major [use] .

The first department to move onto three shift operation some time ago was the Wilton weaving .
the first department to move onto three shift [use] some time ago was the wilton weaving .

Since then Spool Setting has been given an expanded nightshift , resulting in a smoother operation and a reliable twenty four hour despatch service to customers .
since then spool setting has been given an expanded nightshift , resulting in a smoother [use] and a reliable twenty four hour despatch service to customers .

It was their first sight of an Axminster plant in operation .
it was their first sight of an axminster plant in [use] .

Simple and efficient , it has been developed beyond the prototype stage with a mark one version now in operation .
simple and efficient , it has been developed beyond the prototype stage with a mark one version now in [use] .

The nightshift helped in this task , restricted to the ground floor initially , then onto the first floor in a massive clean up operation as electricians isolated affected areas .
the nightshift helped in this task , restricted to the ground floor initially , then onto the first floor in a massive clean up [use] as electricians isolated affected areas .

For the last year Archie , under doctor 's orders has been unable to work , but hopes to get back on his feet within a few following an operation .
for the last year archie , under doctor 's orders has been unable to work , but hopes to get back on his feet within a few following an [use] .

What this operation can do is to cause havoc with a women 's sexuality , often provoking the very opposite to what was intended .
what this [use] can do is to cause havoc with a women 's sexuality , often provoking the very opposite to what was intended .

Nor was their purchase the straightforward financial operation they claimed .
nor was their purchase the straightforward financial [use] they claimed .

The Congo operation was a half-success .
the congo [use] was a half-success .

The operation of clinical analysers requires diagnostic reagents and until now Olympus have concentrated on the analysers themselves , sourcing the reagents separately .
the [use] of clinical analysers requires diagnostic reagents and until now olympus have concentrated on the analysers themselves , sourcing the reagents separately .

Our product support team can also ensure that microscopes are properly installed and the user fully familiarised with its operation .
our product support team can also ensure that microscopes are properly installed and the user fully familiarised with its [use] .

Having said that , we have , of course , taken the opportunity to review our own sales operation in Europe .
having said that , we have , of course , taken the opportunity to review our own sales [use] in europe .

The installation of the other two new cards and their spinning frames is part of a phased operation to minimise disruption but will follow on immediately the first card is completed .
the installation of the other two new cards and their spinning frames is part of a phased [use] to minimise disruption but will follow on immediately the first card is completed .

The second phase of the dye house operation to install a £400,000 Longclose package Dyeing Machine — the twin of the one already installed last year , is also to go ahead with delivery expected in October .
the second phase of the dye house [use] to install a £400,000 longclose package dyeing machine — the twin of the one already installed last year , is also to go ahead with delivery expected in october .

Steam sprinklers were introduced and on the first day of their operation , they successfully doused another fire that would have probably removed the remainder of the factory had it taken hold .
steam sprinklers were introduced and on the first day of their [use] , they successfully doused another fire that would have probably removed the remainder of the factory had it taken hold .

Great credit is due to all sections of the company which contribute to the retail operation and we will be striving very hard to retain the award by offering the retailer unbeatable service .
great credit is due to all sections of the company which contribute to the retail [use] and we will be striving very hard to retain the award by offering the retailer unbeatable service .

With the new machinery in operation , it is not only flexibility that has increased but also the ability to accommodate an increased diversity of product range .
with the new machinery in [use] , it is not only flexibility that has increased but also the ability to accommodate an increased diversity of product range .

Operation osprey
[use] osprey

Enrolment during the second year of operation of the new programmes has been encouraging , with 721 students enrolling on the Certificate and 144 on the Diploma courses .
enrolment during the second year of [use] of the new programmes has been encouraging , with 721 students enrolling on the certificate and 144 on the diploma courses .

It should be noted that owing to the increase in size and complexity of modern business , the development of computer systems and the requirement that an auditor should review transactions over a period to report on the profit and loss account , the modern practice of auditing has moved away from a detailed checking of a mass of individual items towards a review of the systems in operation .
it should be noted that owing to the increase in size and complexity of modern business , the development of computer systems and the requirement that an auditor should review transactions over a period to report on the profit and loss account , the modern practice of auditing has moved away from a detailed checking of a mass of individual items towards a review of the systems in [use] .

Reasons for a reduction in productivity may include a poorly planned operation which can result in longer learning curves and a low average output the introduction of more learning curves because of frequent changes of resources and working methods changing physical conditions lower outputs because plant was initially selected for one activity and is used for another inappropriate activity longer hours being worked regularly ( this can occur , for example , when accelerating the work rate to recover delays ) the lowering of morale owing to frequent changes of plan and poor management .
reasons for a reduction in productivity may include a poorly planned [use] which can result in longer learning curves and a low average output the introduction of more learning curves because of frequent changes of resources and working methods changing physical conditions lower outputs because plant was initially selected for one activity and is used for another inappropriate activity longer hours being worked regularly ( this can occur , for example , when accelerating the work rate to recover delays ) the lowering of morale owing to frequent changes of plan and poor management .

Each major site operation or resource type should be considered separately in terms of utilization , productivity and any premium costs of overtime or additional resources .
each major site [use] or resource type should be considered separately in terms of utilization , productivity and any premium costs of overtime or additional resources .

The following day police shot dead 13 `` militants `` in a state-wide security operation ; a further 22 people were killed in separatist-related incidents .
the following day police shot dead 13 `` militants `` in a state-wide security [use] ; a further 22 people were killed in separatist-related incidents .

During late May the Chinese media also gave prominent coverage to country-wide mass executions of criminals , while in Beijing a heavy security operation was launched in early June , especially around Tiananmen Square and the University .
during late may the chinese media also gave prominent coverage to country-wide mass executions of criminals , while in beijing a heavy security [use] was launched in early june , especially around tiananmen square and the university .

The central bank announced that a two-tier exchange rate system would be in operation as from Feb. 19 , 1990 , comprising an official and a market exchange rate .
the central bank announced that a two-tier exchange rate system would be in [use] as from feb. 19 , 1990 , comprising an official and a market exchange rate .

The discovery followed a three-week operation in co-operation with the South African drug squad against illegal cultivation of cannabis in the western highlands .
the discovery followed a three-week [use] in co-operation with the south african drug squad against illegal cultivation of cannabis in the western highlands .

More than 5,000,000 marijuana plants were said to have been destroyed in the operation in an attempt to curb the flow of illegal drugs from the kingdom into South Africa .
more than 5,000,000 marijuana plants were said to have been destroyed in the [use] in an attempt to curb the flow of illegal drugs from the kingdom into south africa .

Presidential elections were held on May 27 , amid an unprecedented nationwide security operation mounted in response to the campaign of violence and disruption waged by drug traffickers and right-wing paramilitary groups .
presidential elections were held on may 27 , amid an unprecedented nationwide security [use] mounted in response to the campaign of violence and disruption waged by drug traffickers and right-wing paramilitary groups .

The police , who were carrying out an operation to recover illegal arms in Muhajir-populated areas , opened fire on the crowd which included women and children , many of whom carried copies of the Quran on their heads in a traditional sign of protest .
the police , who were carrying out an [use] to recover illegal arms in muhajir-populated areas , opened fire on the crowd which included women and children , many of whom carried copies of the quran on their heads in a traditional sign of protest .

Major anti-drugs operation
major anti-drugs [use]

Both governments also re-emphasized the importance of the completion of the joint Yacyretá dam project [ see p. 34418 ] which was expected to begin operation in 1993 .
both governments also re-emphasized the importance of the completion of the joint yacyretá dam project [ see p. 34418 ] which was expected to begin [use] in 1993 .

By April 23 Lithuanian officials were claiming that a near-total economic blockade was in operation , with almost all supplies of fuel , foodstuffs , raw materials and manufactured goods having been suspended .
by april 23 lithuanian officials were claiming that a near-total economic blockade was in [use] , with almost all supplies of fuel , foodstuffs , raw materials and manufactured goods having been suspended .

Poindexter was the last and most senior of the Iran-Contra defendants to face trial on charges arising from an operation which involved the clandestine sale of United States arms to Iran and the illegal diversion of the profits to assist the right-wing contra rebels in Nicaragua .
poindexter was the last and most senior of the iran-contra defendants to face trial on charges arising from an [use] which involved the clandestine sale of united states arms to iran and the illegal diversion of the profits to assist the right-wing contra rebels in nicaragua .

In his testimony to Congress in July 1987 — which had been given under immunity and was , therefore , inadmissible at his trial — Poindexter had said that he alone had authorized the Iran-contra operation and that Reagan had known nothing of it [ see pp .
in his testimony to congress in july 1987 — which had been given under immunity and was , therefore , inadmissible at his trial — poindexter had said that he alone had authorized the iran-contra [use] and that reagan had known nothing of it [ see pp .

Aquino immediately ordered a nationwide operation to recapture Bibit .
aquino immediately ordered a nationwide [use] to recapture bibit .

The Bush administration 's efforts to rescue the savings and loans companies ( `` thrifts `` ) [ see p. 36843 ; see also above ] faced mounting criticism in early 1990 as shortages of funds and operational problems — caused by an unwieldy bureaucracy involving 12 different agencies and vacancies in several senior regulatory posts — threatened to jeopardize the operation .
the bush administration 's efforts to rescue the savings and loans companies ( `` thrifts `` ) [ see p. 36843 ; see also above ] faced mounting criticism in early 1990 as shortages of funds and operational problems — caused by an unwieldy bureaucracy involving 12 different agencies and vacancies in several senior regulatory posts — threatened to jeopardize the [use] .

The Minister of Home Affairs , Moven Mahachi , said that the continued operation of the Emergency Powers Act was necessary because of the activities of Mozambican Renamo guerrillas along the country 's eastern border ; 60 Zimbabwean civilians had been killed since July 1989 by the rebels , who were now , he said , `` more co-ordinated and organized `` .
the minister of home affairs , moven mahachi , said that the continued [use] of the emergency powers act was necessary because of the activities of mozambican renamo guerrillas along the country 's eastern border ; 60 zimbabwean civilians had been killed since july 1989 by the rebels , who were now , he said , `` more co-ordinated and organized `` .

Operation `` Just Cause `` has achieved its objective .
[use] `` just cause `` has achieved its objective .

The number of military personnel in Panama is now close to what it was before the operation began .
the number of military personnel in panama is now close to what it was before the [use] began .

There was also widespread disquiet over the nature of the undercover operation which had trapped him .
there was also widespread disquiet over the nature of the undercover [use] which had trapped him .

After the first involuntary repatriation operation , carried out by the Hong Kong authorities on Dec. 12 , 1989 [ see pp .
after the first involuntary repatriation [use] , carried out by the hong kong authorities on dec. 12 , 1989 [ see pp .

An operation by Turkey to divert the flow of the Euphrates river away from Syria and Iraq in order to fill the reservoir behind the newly constructed Ataturk dam ( believed to be the fifth largest in the world ) was begun on Jan. 13 in a ceremony presided over by the Turkish President , Turgut Özal .
an [use] by turkey to divert the flow of the euphrates river away from syria and iraq in order to fill the reservoir behind the newly constructed ataturk dam ( believed to be the fifth largest in the world ) was begun on jan. 13 in a ceremony presided over by the turkish president , turgut özal .

Press reports said that residents welcomed the operation , which involved the Army ( seen as relatively impartial ) as well as the police , who had been widely accused of ignoring or even actively encouraging Inkatha attacks .
press reports said that residents welcomed the [use] , which involved the army ( seen as relatively impartial ) as well as the police , who had been widely accused of ignoring or even actively encouraging inkatha attacks .

The inauguration was held amid a massive security operation in the capital , Bogotá .
the inauguration was held amid a massive security [use] in the capital , bogotá .

Security chiefs claimed that this was the most damaging blow yet struck against the cartel , which had already lost two prominent figures , José Gonzalo Rodríguez Gacha ( shot dead by police on Dec. 15 , 1989 — see p. 37119 ) and its military leader John Jairo Arias Tascón , who was shot dead in June during a police operation .
security chiefs claimed that this was the most damaging blow yet struck against the cartel , which had already lost two prominent figures , josé gonzalo rodríguez gacha ( shot dead by police on dec. 15 , 1989 — see p. 37119 ) and its military leader john jairo arias tascón , who was shot dead in june during a police [use] .

Reports in early July had suggested that Keenan 's release was imminent , but subsequent Israeli air attacks on Lebanon had apparently led the kidnappers to delay the operation [ see p. 37626 ] .
reports in early july had suggested that keenan 's release was imminent , but subsequent israeli air attacks on lebanon had apparently led the kidnappers to delay the [use] [ see p. 37626 ] .

Known as Operation Daguet , and the biggest French military operation since the Algerian war , the French commitment in the region now totalled 13,000 troops , 14 ships and nearly 100 helicopters .
known as [use] daguet , and the biggest french military [use] since the algerian war , the french commitment in the region now totalled 13,000 troops , 14 ships and nearly 100 helicopters .

Measures to deal with the violence were announced on Sept. 15 , in an operation code-named " Iron fist " .
measures to deal with the violence were announced on sept. 15 , in an [use] code-named " iron fist " .

The first , and to date only , involuntary repatriation operation in December 1989 [ see pp .
the first , and to date only , involuntary repatriation [use] in december 1989 [ see pp .

One of the first duties undertaken by Kajiyama was to observe a police operation in one of Tokyo 's most notorious areas of prostitution , on Sept. 20 , which resulted in the arrest of 45 foreign women who were accused of working as prostitutes .
one of the first duties undertaken by kajiyama was to observe a police [use] in one of tokyo 's most notorious areas of prostitution , on sept. 20 , which resulted in the arrest of 45 foreign women who were accused of working as prostitutes .

There was much criticism of the use of conscripts in such exercises as the Chernobyl clean-up operation and peacekeeping duties in areas of ethnic unrest .
there was much criticism of the use of conscripts in such exercises as the chernobyl clean-up [use] and peacekeeping duties in areas of ethnic unrest .

The Ukranian Supreme Soviet announced in early March that it would phase out operation of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor over the next five years before closing it down completely .
the ukranian supreme soviet announced in early march that it would phase out [use] of the chernobyl nuclear reactor over the next five years before closing it down completely .

Although during the 1987 congressional inquiry into the affair Poindexter shielded Reagan ( then President ) from any responsibility for the operation , his defence strategy against the criminal charges rested upon the claim that he had believed that he was acting with the President 's authority .
although during the 1987 congressional inquiry into the affair poindexter shielded reagan ( then president ) from any responsibility for the [use] , his defence strategy against the criminal charges rested upon the claim that he had believed that he was acting with the president 's authority .

The transcript departed from aspects of the evidence which Reagan had given to the Tower Commission in 1987 , and suggested that he had returned to his earliest explanations of the Iran-contra affair , insisting that he did not trade arms for hostages and had seen not `` one iota `` of evidence that profits from the operation had been diverted to the contras .
the transcript departed from aspects of the evidence which reagan had given to the tower commission in 1987 , and suggested that he had returned to his earliest explanations of the iran-contra affair , insisting that he did not trade arms for hostages and had seen not `` one iota `` of evidence that profits from the [use] had been diverted to the contras .

Former Central Intelligence Agency officer Thomas Clines , the chief arms broker in the Iran-contra operation , was indicted by a grand jury in Baltimore on Feb. 22 on four charges arising from false income tax returns for 1985 and 1986 and his failure to report the existence of foreign bank accounts .
former central intelligence agency officer thomas clines , the chief arms broker in the iran-contra [use] , was indicted by a grand jury in baltimore on feb. 22 on four charges arising from false income tax returns for 1985 and 1986 and his failure to report the existence of foreign bank accounts .

The Hong Kong authorities had carried out the first involuntary repatriation operation on Dec. 12 , 1989 [ see pp .
the hong kong authorities had carried out the first involuntary repatriation [use] on dec. 12 , 1989 [ see pp .

An additional factor was Bangalore airport 's lack of the instrument landing system in operation at most major airports to facilitate landings .
an additional factor was bangalore airport 's lack of the instrument landing system in [use] at most major airports to facilitate landings .

36459 ; 36794 ] were finally followed up by an eviction operation beginning on Jan. 4 , 1990 .
36459 ; 36794 ] were finally followed up by an eviction [use] beginning on jan. 4 , 1990 .

The operation , run by the police , Army and Air Force , was to last 60 days and was to result in the eviction of all garimpeiros from the 2,000-sq km reserve which had been progressively invaded over the previous two to three years .
the [use] , run by the police , army and air force , was to last 60 days and was to result in the eviction of all garimpeiros from the 2,000-sq km reserve which had been progressively invaded over the previous two to three years .

On Jan. 9 , however , only days after it had begun , the Brazilian Justice Minister , Gen. Saulo Ramos , announced that the operation had ended , a decision widely seen as a concession to mining interests .
on jan. 9 , however , only days after it had begun , the brazilian justice minister , gen. saulo ramos , announced that the [use] had ended , a decision widely seen as a concession to mining interests .

Exxon Valdez cleanup operation and legal proceedings
exxon valdez cleanup [use] and legal proceedings

It was widely believed that Exxon did not intend to restart the cleanup operation in the spring , for which it was condemned by environmentalists , the Alaskan state government and the local population of the Alaskan town of Valdez .
it was widely believed that exxon did not intend to restart the cleanup [use] in the spring , for which it was condemned by environmentalists , the alaskan state government and the local population of the alaskan town of valdez .

It was estimated that Exxon 's 1989 operation had left up to 7,000,000 gallons of oil ( of the 11,000,000 gallons originally spilt ) in the affected area , largely on its coastline .
it was estimated that exxon 's 1989 [use] had left up to 7,000,000 gallons of oil ( of the 11,000,000 gallons originally spilt ) in the affected area , largely on its coastline .

The Bank of England has , for many years , sought to make this a continuous operation and it seeks to buy stock approaching maturity rather than waiting for legal redemption dates .
the bank of england has , for many years , sought to make this a continuous [use] and it seeks to buy stock approaching maturity rather than waiting for legal redemption dates .

Under Operation Solarium three policy options were analysed .
under [use] solarium three policy options were analysed .

Meanwhile some in London , apart from any particular worries of their own , appear to have seen this as an opportunity to mount a joint Anglo-American operation .
meanwhile some in london , apart from any particular worries of their own , appear to have seen this as an opportunity to mount a joint anglo-american [use] .

Large British forces had been tied up in an expensive operation to which there seemed to be no obvious military solution other than counter-guerrilla operations in Sabah and Sarawak and the deployment of large forces to discourage further escalation of the conflict .
large british forces had been tied up in an expensive [use] to which there seemed to be no obvious military solution other than counter-guerrilla operations in sabah and sarawak and the deployment of large forces to discourage further escalation of the conflict .

It was the cost of this operation which helped to persuade ministers to re-examine the basic premises of their East of Suez policy .
it was the cost of this [use] which helped to persuade ministers to re-examine the basic premises of their east of suez policy .

Since , in the last stage of the reform 's passage , the State Council reduced the maximum size of peasant allotments to a point where many existing peasant holdings exceeded it , the provision for `` trimming `` came into operation very frequently .
since , in the last stage of the reform 's passage , the state council reduced the maximum size of peasant allotments to a point where many existing peasant holdings exceeded it , the provision for `` trimming `` came into [use] very frequently .

Within three years there were 500 literary clinics in operation without a ruble 's expense to the state `` .
within three years there were 500 literary clinics in [use] without a ruble 's expense to the state `` .

In addition , there are no regulatory restraints against entry to the market , and until recently there were no regulations for dedicated specific capital or prudential controls on players ' activities , except ( in the case of universal banks ) to the extent that banking supervision of a company impinged on a eurobond operation .
in addition , there are no regulatory restraints against entry to the market , and until recently there were no regulations for dedicated specific capital or prudential controls on players ' activities , except ( in the case of universal banks ) to the extent that banking supervision of a company impinged on a eurobond [use] .

In rather the same way the practice of giving hostages for the due execution of a treaty , quite common in the distrustful atmosphere of the sixteenth century , was last seen in operation in 1748 , when two British peers were sent to Paris as guarantees of the restitution by Britain of the conquests she had made in north America at the expense of France .
in rather the same way the practice of giving hostages for the due execution of a treaty , quite common in the distrustful atmosphere of the sixteenth century , was last seen in [use] in 1748 , when two british peers were sent to paris as guarantees of the restitution by britain of the conquests she had made in north america at the expense of france .

The awareness of the working of this dynamic power , and awareness of the need for a disciplined way of life essential to its operation , is characteristic of the mystics .
the awareness of the working of this dynamic power , and awareness of the need for a disciplined way of life essential to its [use] , is characteristic of the mystics .

This poetic teaching which enacts a surrogate experience of the operation of grace is extended in Rolle 's recommendation of a form of prayer which , though obviously popular in the Middle Ages , he yet made peculiarly his own , devotion to the name of Jesus .
this poetic teaching which enacts a surrogate experience of the [use] of grace is extended in rolle 's recommendation of a form of prayer which , though obviously popular in the middle ages , he yet made peculiarly his own , devotion to the name of jesus .

Therefore the operation is now entirely direct-sales orientated supported by advertising in the local and national press .
therefore the [use] is now entirely direct-sales orientated supported by advertising in the local and national press .

An earlier phone call to Springfield from Curtis had seen to that , when the lieutenant had passed on his suspicion that the sect could in fact be a front for a Triad drugs operation .
an earlier phone call to springfield from curtis had seen to that , when the lieutenant had passed on his suspicion that the sect could in fact be a front for a triad drugs [use] .

On the success or failure of this part of the operation would depend the lives of the hundred or more ordinary inmates of the building , because whether or not Control was successfully captured , phase three , an all-out assault by the remainder of Springfield 's troops would be launched .
on the success or failure of this part of the [use] would depend the lives of the hundred or more ordinary inmates of the building , because whether or not control was successfully captured , phase three , an all-out assault by the remainder of springfield 's troops would be launched .

Now that their operation had actually started everyone was keyed up and eager to go , and the whole force quickly gathered round the sheriff 's car for a final briefing .
now that their [use] had actually started everyone was keyed up and eager to go , and the whole force quickly gathered round the sheriff 's car for a final briefing .

‘ You let me worry about that part of the operation , ’ Springfield replied .
‘ you let me worry about that part of the [use] , ’ springfield replied .

But the scent was so fresh , it was obvious the beasts would be unwilling to leave for a while , so Grant decided to ignore them and push on with the next stage of their operation .
but the scent was so fresh , it was obvious the beasts would be unwilling to leave for a while , so grant decided to ignore them and push on with the next stage of their [use] .

By way of explanation , the bemused kids were told this was a police operation , and they were to gather in the corridor and wait quietly for further instructions .
by way of explanation , the bemused kids were told this was a police [use] , and they were to gather in the corridor and wait quietly for further instructions .

’ The sheriff 's reply sounded clearly in the hushed corridor , impressing the assembled kids and seeming to confirm Grant 's claim to be part of an official police operation — if any needed convincing after seeing one of the feared Apostles being dragged unconscious into an empty cubicle .
’ the sheriff 's reply sounded clearly in the hushed corridor , impressing the assembled kids and seeming to confirm grant 's claim to be part of an official police [use] — if any needed convincing after seeing one of the feared apostles being dragged unconscious into an empty cubicle .

He had to reach the basement and take out the Control in order to ensure the success of the entire operation .
he had to reach the basement and take out the control in order to ensure the success of the entire [use] .

When the fire fighting and rescue detail had regrouped outside the main gates , Wallace , Rocky and Larsen gave Springfield a brief account of their successful operation .
when the fire fighting and rescue detail had regrouped outside the main gates , wallace , rocky and larsen gave springfield a brief account of their successful [use] .

Springfield 's satisfaction with the success of the night 's operation , was somewhat tempered by the fact that only three of those captured were from the upper echelon of grey tracksuited heavies , the Apostles .
springfield 's satisfaction with the success of the night 's [use] , was somewhat tempered by the fact that only three of those captured were from the upper echelon of grey tracksuited heavies , the apostles .

‘ Looks that way , ’ agreed Springfield . ‘ But was n't it ironic that he wuz the one who eventually blew everythin' wide open , an ’ led you to the chink 's drugs operation ? ’
‘ looks that way , ’ agreed springfield . ‘ but was n't it ironic that he wuz the one who eventually blew everythin' wide open , an ’ led you to the chink 's drugs [use] ? ’

The same evening , under equally calm and lovely conditions , we had all the rods in operation in slightly deeper water .
the same evening , under equally calm and lovely conditions , we had all the rods in [use] in slightly deeper water .

Thomas Cook and his family were without doubt the single most important innovators , establishing not only a major business enterprise but methods of operation that were to have global implications .
thomas cook and his family were without doubt the single most important innovators , establishing not only a major business enterprise but methods of [use] that were to have global implications .

Probate accounts are an abundant and valuable source of information on subjects which are not easily studied elsewhere : the importance of funerals as social occasions ; details of medical care ; the extent and operation of the credit market ; payment of the rents , taxes and tithes ; the costs of maintaining and educating children ; the materials and making of clothing ; and the range and prices of food and goods available in the retail market , The financial distribution detailed in accounts also illuminates the emotional structure of family relationships .
probate accounts are an abundant and valuable source of information on subjects which are not easily studied elsewhere : the importance of funerals as social occasions ; details of medical care ; the extent and [use] of the credit market ; payment of the rents , taxes and tithes ; the costs of maintaining and educating children ; the materials and making of clothing ; and the range and prices of food and goods available in the retail market , the financial distribution detailed in accounts also illuminates the emotional structure of family relationships .

For the period before the Industrial Revolution little is known about the operation of local labour markets , especially for the north of England .
for the period before the industrial revolution little is known about the [use] of local labour markets , especially for the north of england .

However , as the entry of a new hotel is a relatively slow process from planning appliction to operation this should give sufficient time for existing hotels to develop appropriate strategies .
however , as the entry of a new hotel is a relatively slow process from planning appliction to [use] this should give sufficient time for existing hotels to develop appropriate strategies .

However , there is and has been no club lobby of the European Parliament , and although most clubs are affected by exclusive purchasing agreements they played no part in the construction of Reg 84/83 , whose operation now affects them .
however , there is and has been no club lobby of the european parliament , and although most clubs are affected by exclusive purchasing agreements they played no part in the construction of reg 84/83 , whose [use] now affects them .

Recent advances in information technology have led to important changes in the operation of offices .
recent advances in information technology have led to important changes in the [use] of offices .

Pressure has come from a number of sources in the economic , political , social and legal environment , and there is survey evidence to demonstrate a growth in the number of consultative committees now in operation .
pressure has come from a number of sources in the economic , political , social and legal environment , and there is survey evidence to demonstrate a growth in the number of consultative committees now in [use] .

However , rather less is known about the operation of these committees , or the reasons for their introduction or revitalisation .
however , rather less is known about the [use] of these committees , or the reasons for their introduction or revitalisation .

This research aims to investigate , in detail , activity in a small number of committees which vary in operation and intentions .
this research aims to investigate , in detail , activity in a small number of committees which vary in [use] and intentions .

To contribute to our knowledge and understanding of the operation of industries where firms have significant market power , with particular reference to the dynamics of competition in such markets .
to contribute to our knowledge and understanding of the [use] of industries where firms have significant market power , with particular reference to the dynamics of competition in such markets .

The main objectives of this research are to estimate the total costs of operating the tax system ; to estimate the benefits accruing to businesses as a result of the operation of the system ( particularly cash flow benefits ) ; to compare costs of operating the main taxes ; and to identify areas of high compliance costs with a view to their reduction .
the main objectives of this research are to estimate the total costs of operating the tax system ; to estimate the benefits accruing to businesses as a result of the [use] of the system ( particularly cash flow benefits ) ; to compare costs of operating the main taxes ; and to identify areas of high compliance costs with a view to their reduction .

This study aims to analyse the structure , mode of operation and financing of the key private and public agencies of housing provision in eight western European countries ( France , Greece , Holland , Ireland , Italy , Sweden , United Kingdom and West Germany ) .
this study aims to analyse the structure , mode of [use] and financing of the key private and public agencies of housing provision in eight western european countries ( france , greece , holland , ireland , italy , sweden , united kingdom and west germany ) .

Although the research supported was not limited by a theme , the issue of employment , unemployment and the operation of labour markets was seen as central to the research development .
although the research supported was not limited by a theme , the issue of employment , unemployment and the [use] of labour markets was seen as central to the research development .

The Unit is sponsored by the Scottish Home and Health Department , the Scottish Health Education Group and the Economic and Social Research Council and commenced operation when the Director took up post in September 1983 .
the unit is sponsored by the scottish home and health department , the scottish health education group and the economic and social research council and commenced [use] when the director took up post in september 1983 .

The study aims to describe and analyse how the various actors involved in police policy-making — the Home Office , Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Constabulary , the Home Secretary , the police authorities , pressure and community groups , political parties , the media , as well as the police themselves — interact to produce changes in the style , organisation or operation of policing on the ground .
the study aims to describe and analyse how the various actors involved in police policy-making — the home office , her majesty 's inspectorate of constabulary , the home secretary , the police authorities , pressure and community groups , political parties , the media , as well as the police themselves — interact to produce changes in the style , organisation or [use] of policing on the ground .

The operation of the Criminal Procedure ( insanity and unfitness to plead ) Act 1991
the [use] of the criminal procedure ( insanity and unfitness to plead ) act 1991

The implementation of such policies depends critically on the refereeing of research proposals and the operation of grant-awarding committees .
the implementation of such policies depends critically on the refereeing of research proposals and the [use] of grant-awarding committees .

The study will involve interviews with proposing scientists , referees , committee members and research council officials , and direct observation of the operation of grant-awarding committee .
the study will involve interviews with proposing scientists , referees , committee members and research council officials , and direct observation of the [use] of grant-awarding committee .

There are large variations in the inter- and intra-national rates for this operation , which can not be explained adequately by differences in morbidity , and there is at present little professional consensus on the appropriate indications for hysterectomy .
there are large variations in the inter- and intra-national rates for this [use] , which can not be explained adequately by differences in morbidity , and there is at present little professional consensus on the appropriate indications for hysterectomy .

Attempts to isolate the determinants of the wide variations in rates for this largely ‘ elective ’ operation have focused on ‘ supply ’ variables , such as clinical discretion , bed and theatre availability , manpower levels and factors affecting health service organisation , such as method of payment and waiting list times .
attempts to isolate the determinants of the wide variations in rates for this largely ‘ elective ’ [use] have focused on ‘ supply ’ variables , such as clinical discretion , bed and theatre availability , manpower levels and factors affecting health service organisation , such as method of payment and waiting list times .

In the dairy sector , ‘ exceptionalism ’ was generated though an achieved balance between self-regulation and external legal regulation which conferred considerable autonomy on the farming community through the operation of the Milk Marketing Board .
in the dairy sector , ‘ exceptionalism ’ was generated though an achieved balance between self-regulation and external legal regulation which conferred considerable autonomy on the farming community through the [use] of the milk marketing board .

The debate can only be resolved through empirical study of the new system in operation .
the debate can only be resolved through empirical study of the new system in [use] .

The operation and effectiveness of the community health councils
the [use] and effectiveness of the community health councils

While put in a national context , the practical focus of the research is on the operation of local housing markets in North West England .
while put in a national context , the practical focus of the research is on the [use] of local housing markets in north west england .

This research is exploring this relationship via a detailed examination of the origins , operation and effects of the Assisted Places Scheme , introduced by the Conservative government in 1981 to provide places in certain independent schools ‘ for academically able children whose parents can not otherwise afford the full tuition fees ’ .
this research is exploring this relationship via a detailed examination of the origins , [use] and effects of the assisted places scheme , introduced by the conservative government in 1981 to provide places in certain independent schools ‘ for academically able children whose parents can not otherwise afford the full tuition fees ’ .

Using both national data and more detailed information on the operation of the Scheme in particular local areas , the study seeks to assess the costs and benefits of the Scheme in relation to the claims made by its advocates and critics during the controversy surrounding its introduction .
using both national data and more detailed information on the [use] of the scheme in particular local areas , the study seeks to assess the costs and benefits of the scheme in relation to the claims made by its advocates and critics during the controversy surrounding its introduction .

The 1988 Education Act has forced schools into a competitive mode of operation .
the 1988 education act has forced schools into a competitive mode of [use] .

More generally , they will contribute to research on the detailed operation of local property markets
more generally , they will contribute to research on the detailed [use] of local property markets

Area development pollution control and scales of operation : the Humberside problem
area development pollution control and scales of [use] : the humberside problem

In theory , a farm manager should be like the manager of a factory ; that is , a salaried employee in charge of , and responsible for , the operation and development of the farm as a business .
in theory , a farm manager should be like the manager of a factory ; that is , a salaried employee in charge of , and responsible for , the [use] and development of the farm as a business .

On a day when several players missed training with niggling end of season injuries , Taylor 's only other major concern is Gascoigne , who underwent an operation to repair his cracked cheekbone three weeks ago after being hurt in the 2–2 draw against Holland .
on a day when several players missed training with niggling end of season injuries , taylor 's only other major concern is gascoigne , who underwent an [use] to repair his cracked cheekbone three weeks ago after being hurt in the 2–2 draw against holland .

Latest tests on the Queen Mother , who underwent an hour-long throat operation on Thursday night , had proved satisfactory , said a spokesman for Aberdeen Royal Infirmary .
latest tests on the queen mother , who underwent an hour-long throat [use] on thursday night , had proved satisfactory , said a spokesman for aberdeen royal infirmary .

The Queen Mother , who was released from hospital yesterday after a three-night stay for an operation to remove a piece of fish lodged in her throat , is president of the association .
the queen mother , who was released from hospital yesterday after a three-night stay for an [use] to remove a piece of fish lodged in her throat , is president of the association .

Today , as the massive clear-up operation got underway traders called for extra security measures including the installation of cameras .
today , as the massive clear-up [use] got underway traders called for extra security measures including the installation of cameras .

At a canter , students tackle hurdles in equine science , horsemastership , stud operation and showing horses .
at a canter , students tackle hurdles in equine science , horsemastership , stud [use] and showing horses .

Queen Mum ‘ comfortable ’ after minor operation
queen mum ‘ comfortable ’ after minor [use]

Both the Audit Office and the Parliamentary Accounts Committee have severely criticised the operation of the scheme by the Department of Education , which took action to reduce payments .
both the audit office and the parliamentary accounts committee have severely criticised the [use] of the scheme by the department of education , which took action to reduce payments .

The Queen Mother underwent the operation , to remove an a piece of food lodged in her throat , on Thursday night .
the queen mother underwent the [use] , to remove an a piece of food lodged in her throat , on thursday night .

‘ We are now concentrating on handling the business we already had on our books — it 's basically a tidying up operation .
‘ we are now concentrating on handling the business we already had on our books — it 's basically a tidying up [use] .

Recent innovations at the international airport include a business centre , private jet centre to speed access for visiting tycoons , a major new cargo operation and a hotel .
recent innovations at the international airport include a business centre , private jet centre to speed access for visiting tycoons , a major new cargo [use] and a hotel .

He survived , but moved his operation to Thanet in Kent .
he survived , but moved his [use] to thanet in kent .

It has been disclosed that within a short time of leaving Aberdeen Royal Infirmary yesterday where she stayed three nights and underwent an operation to remove a piece of fish lodged in her throat she was entertaining guests .
it has been disclosed that within a short time of leaving aberdeen royal infirmary yesterday where she stayed three nights and underwent an [use] to remove a piece of fish lodged in her throat she was entertaining guests .

The Aldergrove operation — with a turnover last year of £21m — is to be sold off by the end of next year in a major privatisation project .
the aldergrove [use] — with a turnover last year of £21m — is to be sold off by the end of next year in a major privatisation project .

After reports that gunfire had been heard , gardai and troops cordoned off the area and a major search operation was undertaken .
after reports that gunfire had been heard , gardai and troops cordoned off the area and a major search [use] was undertaken .

The court , not expected to be in operation before September , would include 11 judges with a staff of 373 at a cost of around £20 million during its first year of operation .
the court , not expected to be in [use] before september , would include 11 judges with a staff of 373 at a cost of around £20 million during its first year of [use] .

The City was particularly encouraged at its plans to merge its viscose and acrylic fibres operation with Hoechst of Germany .
the city was particularly encouraged at its plans to merge its viscose and acrylic fibres [use] with hoechst of germany .

In order to maximise the long term impact this sports component has on participation in Scotland a Sports Information Point will be in operation throughout the Festival 's duration .
in order to maximise the long term impact this sports component has on participation in scotland a sports information point will be in [use] throughout the festival 's duration .

The involvement of trade unions in the financial and organisational affairs of the Labour Party — seeking to explain the extent of their involvement , including the role and operation of the Trade Unions for a Labour Victory .
the involvement of trade unions in the financial and organisational affairs of the labour party — seeking to explain the extent of their involvement , including the role and [use] of the trade unions for a labour victory .

The changes in procedure and political alignment which have affected the operation of and attitudes towards , ‘ the block vote ’ — seeking to explain the causes and consequences of new developments .
the changes in procedure and political alignment which have affected the [use] of and attitudes towards , ‘ the block vote ’ — seeking to explain the causes and consequences of new developments .

Every step which reduces a person 's wealth gratuitously is an occasion for the operation of the tax , and each taxable transaction is aggregated ; the dossier builds up ; and the rich man can quickly find himself hemmed in so that gifts are too expensive to make and death will present him a prey to the plunderers .
every step which reduces a person 's wealth gratuitously is an occasion for the [use] of the tax , and each taxable transaction is aggregated ; the dossier builds up ; and the rich man can quickly find himself hemmed in so that gifts are too expensive to make and death will present him a prey to the plunderers .

It appeared that they wished to have the system completed and in operation before paying further .
it appeared that they wished to have the system completed and in [use] before paying further .

It is hoped that the new procedure and new form may be introduced generally by 16th May when the new District Courts come into operation , but further information on this will be given next month .
it is hoped that the new procedure and new form may be introduced generally by 16th may when the new district courts come into [use] , but further information on this will be given next month .

In a swift follow up operation a number of people were arrested .
in a swift follow up [use] a number of people were arrested .

And there is speculation that crucial evidence may also be gleaned from a security camera in operation close to the scene .
and there is speculation that crucial evidence may also be gleaned from a security camera in [use] close to the scene .

Another woman was thrown to the ground and a child slightly injured with a rifle butt in a nearby house during the arrest operation , it was claimed .
another woman was thrown to the ground and a child slightly injured with a rifle butt in a nearby house during the arrest [use] , it was claimed .

He kept his secret even from his closest friends and checked into a clinic for an operation under an assumed name .
he kept his secret even from his closest friends and checked into a clinic for an [use] under an assumed name .

Last year 's results were flattered by inclusion of the Airport Coach Services operation , which was bought in 1991 , and the reduction in interest charges following the sale of non-core businesses .
last year 's results were flattered by inclusion of the airport coach services [use] , which was bought in 1991 , and the reduction in interest charges following the sale of non-core businesses .

Smith to have shoulder operation
smith to have shoulder [use]

’ Des Thompson , a specialist in animal heart disease , carried out the operation at his Earlswood surgery in Belmont Road , Belfast — only the third time he has fitted a pacemaker .
’ des thompson , a specialist in animal heart disease , carried out the [use] at his earlswood surgery in belmont road , belfast — only the third time he has fitted a pacemaker .

‘ An operation like this should be the responsibility of the council because councillors have to answer to the voters and act in their interests .
‘ an [use] like this should be the responsibility of the council because councillors have to answer to the voters and act in their interests .

However , Cheltenham told a different story and after Party Politics had recovered from his exertions he was given the most drastic wind operation of all , when a tube was inserted into his windpipe .
however , cheltenham told a different story and after party politics had recovered from his exertions he was given the most drastic wind [use] of all , when a tube was inserted into his windpipe .

This feature allows for the creation and operation of international discussion groups and bulletin boards .
this feature allows for the creation and [use] of international discussion groups and bulletin boards .

Check operation of cut-sheet feeders , cleaning platen and take-up rollers as necessary .
check [use] of cut-sheet feeders , cleaning platen and take-up rollers as necessary .

Problems have arisen during the year on the operation of some of the Garden 's laser printers .
problems have arisen during the year on the [use] of some of the garden 's laser printers .

Operation of journal circulation procedures ( computer/manual ) .
[use] of journal circulation procedures ( computer/manual ) .

1.2.1 Principles of operation
1.2.1 principles of [use]

As an example consider a hybrid stepping motor in which the peak static torque produced by each phase is proportional to the phase current and the phase torques vary sinusoidally with rotor position : For conventional operation the windings are excited by positive and negative rated current , giving a step length of r/2p for each excitation change .
as an example consider a hybrid stepping motor in which the peak static torque produced by each phase is proportional to the phase current and the phase torques vary sinusoidally with rotor position : for conventional [use] the windings are excited by positive and negative rated current , giving a step length of r/2p for each excitation change .

During dynamic operation if the load is being accelerated then the applied torque is proportional to the angular acceleration and load inertia : At the motor the torque required is : since .
during dynamic [use] if the load is being accelerated then the applied torque is proportional to the angular acceleration and load inertia : at the motor the torque required is : since .

Multi-step operation : torque/speed characteristics
multi-step [use] : torque/speed characteristics

For steady-state operation at zero load torque the position of the rotor at the phase switching times is illustrated in Fig .
for steady-state [use] at zero load torque the position of the rotor at the phase switching times is illustrated in fig .

However the use of straightforward viscous friction is undesirable because the operation of the motor at high speeds is severely limited by the friction torque .
however the use of straightforward viscous friction is undesirable because the [use] of the motor at high speeds is severely limited by the friction torque .

High-speed operation
high-speed [use]

This is commonly known as `` slewing `` operation because the rotor is moving continuously without coming to rest at each equilibrium position .
this is commonly known as `` slewing `` [use] because the rotor is moving continuously without coming to rest at each equilibrium position .

Therefore with one-phase-on operation of the hybrid motor the fundamental component of the phase voltage increases with speed and consequently the pull-out torque at high speeds is greater than that predicted by Eqn .
therefore with one-phase-on [use] of the hybrid motor the fundamental component of the phase voltage increases with speed and consequently the pull-out torque at high speeds is greater than that predicted by eqn .

It is assumed that the correction factor is independent of speed and therefore it can be evaluated quite simply for the rectangular current waveforms typical of low-speed operation .
it is assumed that the correction factor is independent of speed and therefore it can be evaluated quite simply for the rectangular current waveforms typical of low-speed [use] .

The sudden transition from operation at the pull-out rate , where the motor is producing the positive pull-out torque , to maximum deceleration , where the motor is producing the negative pull-out torque , is achieved by `` jumping `` back the excitation sequence half of a complete cycle .
the sudden transition from [use] at the pull-out rate , where the motor is producing the positive pull-out torque , to maximum deceleration , where the motor is producing the negative pull-out torque , is achieved by `` jumping `` back the excitation sequence half of a complete cycle .

At the beginning of the operation the target position is loaded into the downcounter .
at the beginning of the [use] the target position is loaded into the downcounter .

The clock pulses are sent to a downcounter which is , as usual , loaded with the target position before the operation starts .
the clock pulses are sent to a downcounter which is , as usual , loaded with the target position before the [use] starts .

Incremental encoders of this type are usually supplied as sealed units so that dirt can not interfere with the operation of the optical system and the light source/ detector alignment can not be disturbed .
incremental encoders of this type are usually supplied as sealed units so that dirt can not interfere with the [use] of the optical system and the light source/ detector alignment can not be disturbed .

Although large switching angles must be used to attain high pull-out rates , these angles are inappropriate for low-speed operation .
although large switching angles must be used to attain high pull-out rates , these angles are inappropriate for low-speed [use] .

If a closed-loop stepping motor system is to position a load in the shortest possible time it must accelerate rapidly to a high speed , but the choice of switching angle is subject to a conflict between the demands of fast acceleration and high speed operation .
if a closed-loop stepping motor system is to position a load in the shortest possible time it must accelerate rapidly to a high speed , but the choice of switching angle is subject to a conflict between the demands of fast acceleration and high speed [use] .

This arrangement is perfectly satisfactory for applications in which successful operation is not critically dependent on the time taken by the motor to position its load .
this arrangement is perfectly satisfactory for applications in which successful [use] is not critically dependent on the time taken by the motor to position its load .

8.2.1 Constant rate operation
8.2.1 constant rate [use]

For optimum open-loop operation the velocity profile for acceleration is an approximate exponential function of time and for deceleration a `` reverse exponential `` is needed [ Fig .
for optimum open-loop [use] the velocity profile for acceleration is an approximate exponential function of time and for deceleration a `` reverse exponential `` is needed [ fig .

This is perfectly satisfactory for steady.state operation , but a more Sophisticated arrangement is needed if the system is to contend with rapid speed changes , such as occur during acceleration from rest with light inertial loading .
this is perfectly satisfactory for steady.state [use] , but a more sophisticated arrangement is needed if the system is to contend with rapid speed changes , such as occur during acceleration from rest with light inertial loading .

It would thus seem that something very like the provisions of the Kanunname were in operation by at least the early sixteenth century ; and if the sources are not sufficiently detailed to confirm the operation of the provisions of the Kanunname in every detail , at the same time they do not cast doubt upon any detail .
it would thus seem that something very like the provisions of the kanunname were in [use] by at least the early sixteenth century ; and if the sources are not sufficiently detailed to confirm the [use] of the provisions of the kanunname in every detail , at the same time they do not cast doubt upon any detail .

In the creation of some , and the perpetuation of most , of these mevleviyets where the reason for raising the status of the kadilik is not immediately apparent one can perhaps see the operation of a factor which greatly influenced the elaboration of the learned hierarchy , namely the sheer numbers of those seeking posts .
in the creation of some , and the perpetuation of most , of these mevleviyets where the reason for raising the status of the kadilik is not immediately apparent one can perhaps see the [use] of a factor which greatly influenced the elaboration of the learned hierarchy , namely the sheer numbers of those seeking posts .

Though the operation of the principles embodied in these generalizations is borne out by the vast majority of the careers of scholars listed in the biographical dictionaries who came to maturity after the beginning of the sixteenth century , both generalizations require some degree of qualification .
though the [use] of the principles embodied in these generalizations is borne out by the vast majority of the careers of scholars listed in the biographical dictionaries who came to maturity after the beginning of the sixteenth century , both generalizations require some degree of qualification .

The Sproati all get interned by the British immigration authorities ; thanks to a false reading on a spectrograph when they were planning the operation they 've all taken too many tannin pills and they 're almost black .
the sproati all get interned by the british immigration authorities ; thanks to a false reading on a spectrograph when they were planning the [use] they 've all taken too many tannin pills and they 're almost black .

Charles Lyell was a student of William Buckland who taught that `` Geology is the efficient auxiliary and handmaid of religion `` and who saw evidence everywhere of `` direct intervention by a divine creator `` , of a `` creative power transcending the operation of known laws of nature `` .
charles lyell was a student of william buckland who taught that `` geology is the efficient auxiliary and handmaid of religion `` and who saw evidence everywhere of `` direct intervention by a divine creator `` , of a `` creative power transcending the [use] of known laws of nature `` .

In general , the aim of these facilities is to ensure that managers can explore options and their consequences before taking decisions which are crucial to the profitable operation of the business .
in general , the aim of these facilities is to ensure that managers can explore options and their consequences before taking decisions which are crucial to the profitable [use] of the business .

This method of operation will hopefully give the team overall control .
this method of [use] will hopefully give the team overall control .

The first point is that generating letters and updating records must be combined into a single operation .
the first point is that generating letters and updating records must be combined into a single [use] .

If every applicant is allocated a number by the system when they are first put on , and this number is written on the application form , all future processing can be performed simply by telling the system the applicant number and the operation to be performed .
if every applicant is allocated a number by the system when they are first put on , and this number is written on the application form , all future processing can be performed simply by telling the system the applicant number and the [use] to be performed .

The system should ascertain from the operation number whether further details are required , and request them if necessary .
the system should ascertain from the [use] number whether further details are required , and request them if necessary .

For example , applicants do not always progress through the operation levels in a straightforward manner .
for example , applicants do not always progress through the [use] levels in a straightforward manner .

It eliminates the possibility of inconsistencies arising between what is done and what is recorded — with all the subsequent difficulties this causes -by the simple device of reducing the two activities to a single operation through the provision of integrated letter writing .
it eliminates the possibility of inconsistencies arising between what is done and what is recorded — with all the subsequent difficulties this causes -by the simple device of reducing the two activities to a single [use] through the provision of integrated letter writing .

In this environment the so-called real time mode of operation is essential .
in this environment the so-called real time mode of [use] is essential .

Each separate constituent part of the organisation had developed its own personnel information systems and methods of operation .
each separate constituent part of the organisation had developed its own personnel information systems and methods of [use] .

It was not surprising to find that each part of the organisation had developed its own method of personnel operation and had created personnel systems to support these .
it was not surprising to find that each part of the organisation had developed its own method of personnel [use] and had created personnel systems to support these .

First , the operation of the two systems gave rise both to the duplication of effort and data and more importantly to considerable discrepancies between the details of an individual held on the two systems .
first , the [use] of the two systems gave rise both to the duplication of effort and data and more importantly to considerable discrepancies between the details of an individual held on the two systems .

This is achieved by the operation of a `` confirmed starter `` marker .
this is achieved by the [use] of a `` confirmed starter `` marker .

An assembler instruction will correspond to a frequently performed operation and represents many machine code instructions .
an assembler instruction will correspond to a frequently performed [use] and represents many machine code instructions .

It is used in applications where technical efficiency and speed of operation are important .
it is used in applications where technical efficiency and speed of [use] are important .

While certain aspects of their operation can be varied , they are essentially fixed .
while certain aspects of their [use] can be varied , they are essentially fixed .

Her education had been sketchy , vague in the extreme , but she understood the law as she had always seen it in operation around her .
her education had been sketchy , vague in the extreme , but she understood the law as she had always seen it in [use] around her .

Instead of a place in school the girl had an operation .
instead of a place in school the girl had an [use] .

It must mean another operation .
it must mean another [use] .

In the ancient world , the jobs of miller and baker were normally combined , but since much milling and baking was a domestic operation the presence of a professional must indicate the prosperity of the settlement .
in the ancient world , the jobs of miller and baker were normally combined , but since much milling and baking was a domestic [use] the presence of a professional must indicate the prosperity of the settlement .

It can therefore be lost by waiver or the operation of section 47 ( 2 ) , etc .
it can therefore be lost by waiver or the [use] of section 47 ( 2 ) , etc .

In the second issue , echoing the 1950s ' Realist , Oz gave a sympathetic interview to a practitioner of that then outrageous operation , abortion .
in the second issue , echoing the 1950s ' realist , oz gave a sympathetic interview to a practitioner of that then outrageous [use] , abortion .

They thought about distribution , and Harris went to see Brian Moore whose Moore-Harness operation had put Private Eye on the road to money .
they thought about distribution , and harris went to see brian moore whose moore-harness [use] had put private eye on the road to money .

You would be expected , often at a very short notice , to deal with the legal problems and issues arising from all the support services required for the operation of the employer 's business such as the marketing and advertising of products and services .
you would be expected , often at a very short notice , to deal with the legal problems and issues arising from all the support services required for the [use] of the employer 's business such as the marketing and advertising of products and services .

The report deals with the operation of the Malawi legal system including : —
the report deals with the [use] of the malawi legal system including : —

The Society has urged the Lord chancellor to suspend the operation of the proposed regulations until the matter can be fully considered by the courts .
the society has urged the lord chancellor to suspend the [use] of the proposed regulations until the matter can be fully considered by the courts .

the operation of the radioactive waste plants at Dounreay , Harwell and Winfrith
the [use] of the radioactive waste plants at dounreay , harwell and winfrith

If present a mouse will be used and that can speed up operation of the game .
if present a mouse will be used and that can speed up [use] of the game .

PC-Write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu configurations , windowed operation for multiple document editing and full mouse operation .
pc-write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu configurations , windowed [use] for multiple document editing and full mouse [use] .

Super disk copier speeds up the operation of duplicating a master disk many times .
super disk copier speeds up the [use] of duplicating a master disk many times .

PC-Write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu configurations , windowed operation for multiple document editing and full mouse operation .
pc-write version 4.00 features spell check ( includes auto check as you type ) , preview mode , advanced and novice menu configurations , windowed [use] for multiple document editing and full mouse [use] .

When you move text in this way the cursor changes to show scissors like those in the Cut icon and when you copy ( the same operation with the Ctrl key held down ) the cursor resembles the Copy icon .
when you move text in this way the cursor changes to show scissors like those in the cut icon and when you copy ( the same [use] with the ctrl key held down ) the cursor resembles the copy icon .

At this stage you will notice that no attempt has been made to count the words as it was not possible to use the macro record facility for this operation .
at this stage you will notice that no attempt has been made to count the words as it was not possible to use the macro record facility for this [use] .

In this mode of operation , one machine becomes the ‘ master ’ — the machine you drive the process from — and the other becomes the ‘ slave ’ .
in this mode of [use] , one machine becomes the ‘ master ’ — the machine you drive the process from — and the other becomes the ‘ slave ’ .

Forms To cater for the user who copies the same files to and from his laptop on a daily basis — and there must be quite a few who do — the second mode of operation is Forms mode .
forms to cater for the user who copies the same files to and from his laptop on a daily basis — and there must be quite a few who do — the second mode of [use] is forms mode .

It is relatively straightforward in operation , and once set can be forgotten — a valuable addition to the program .
it is relatively straightforward in [use] , and once set can be forgotten — a valuable addition to the program .

This accelerates database searches by cleverly optimising the query operation .
this accelerates database searches by cleverly optimising the query [use] .

All you have to do is draw all the little bits of an object and push them all together to make a silhouette of the object and then performing one combine operation joins them all together to make an outline that would take you a lot longer to draw in one piece .
all you have to do is draw all the little bits of an object and push them all together to make a silhouette of the object and then performing one combine [use] joins them all together to make an outline that would take you a lot longer to draw in one piece .

The person who is well versed in notating music will know that it is a time-consuming and laborious operation .
the person who is well versed in notating music will know that it is a time-consuming and laborious [use] .

The techniques are not only common to all Windows operation , but also apply to the majority of Windows applications .
the techniques are not only common to all windows [use] , but also apply to the majority of windows applications .

The Control Panel is a set of utilities for controlling and altering the operation of your computer .
the control panel is a set of utilities for controlling and altering the [use] of your computer .

These can be selected with the operation panel at the front of the machine .
these can be selected with the [use] panel at the front of the machine .

You have to be very careful during this entire operation to make sure that you do n't touch any of the pins .
you have to be very careful during this entire [use] to make sure that you do n't touch any of the pins .

The Group 's largest and longest established operation is in oil-rich Kuwait , a small but strategically placed country at the top of what used to be known as the Persian gulf — now politically just referred to as the gulf .
the group 's largest and longest established [use] is in oil-rich kuwait , a small but strategically placed country at the top of what used to be known as the persian gulf — now politically just referred to as the gulf .

Stapleton , who is almost back to full fitness after a close-season knee operation , brought Pearson in because he wanted someone who could take charge in training — and have the respect of the players .
stapleton , who is almost back to full fitness after a close-season knee [use] , brought pearson in because he wanted someone who could take charge in training — and have the respect of the players .

The operation was a success and husband Peter , from Wythenshawe , Manchester , visited her in the ward later in the day .
the [use] was a success and husband peter , from wythenshawe , manchester , visited her in the ward later in the day .

‘ My daughter 's baby was born dead because the hospital took 11 hours to decide on a caesarean operation , ’ she said .
‘ my daughter 's baby was born dead because the hospital took 11 hours to decide on a caesarean [use] , ’ she said .

‘ And my brother Ken had a massive heart attack in another Manchester hospital after two blunders during an operation . ’
‘ and my brother ken had a massive heart attack in another manchester hospital after two blunders during an [use] . ’

— Household Equipment : Selection , operation and care of household equipment ( Brigham Young University ) .
— household equipment : selection , [use] and care of household equipment ( brigham young university ) .

‘ We know the operation is the only thing that will make her quality of life better .
‘ we know the [use] is the only thing that will make her quality of life better .

There is a chronic shortage of donors and the increase in hospitals practising the operation means there are even fewer organs to go around .
there is a chronic shortage of donors and the increase in hospitals practising the [use] means there are even fewer organs to go around .

Overseas , the Kuwait operation has been successful in managing the contracts won in the early part of last year .
overseas , the kuwait [use] has been successful in managing the contracts won in the early part of last year .

These investments played an important part in enabling the enlarged Wood-Way operation to continue its growth throughout the year .
these investments played an important part in enabling the enlarged wood-way [use] to continue its growth throughout the year .

He made a good recovery and in February this year was able to undergo an operation to replace both hips .
he made a good recovery and in february this year was able to undergo an [use] to replace both hips .

The design and operation of pipelines must overcome a variety of difficult problems .
the design and [use] of pipelines must overcome a variety of difficult problems .

understand the science and technology which underlies a particular process to aid in the day-to-day operation and trouble-shooting of existing effluent treatment plant ;
understand the science and technology which underlies a particular process to aid in the day-to-day [use] and trouble-shooting of existing effluent treatment plant ;

Now that Rune had taken charge of the whole operation , bringing in ‘ back-up ’ troops , her own futile efforts were being shown up for the amateur plan they were ! Not that she intended to wipe her hands of Suzie . If her young sister needed her help , advice or support she would return instantly — a situation even more tenable since Sebastian Grantham 's generous offer to settle her present flight bills !
now that rune had taken charge of the whole [use] , bringing in ‘ back-up ’ troops , her own futile efforts were being shown up for the amateur plan they were ! not that she intended to wipe her hands of suzie . if her young sister needed her help , advice or support she would return instantly — a situation even more tenable since sebastian grantham 's generous offer to settle her present flight bills !

It is essential during post-mortem examinations , when the level of environmental contamination increases , to have a ventilation system in operation which follows the principles of air circulation and extraction effectively .
it is essential during post-mortem examinations , when the level of environmental contamination increases , to have a ventilation system in [use] which follows the principles of air circulation and extraction effectively .

Ever since our auction of Mel Fisher 's discoveries from this wreck in 1988 , we continue to get calls from people who have received pieces of the treasure in return for their investment in the salvage operation .
ever since our auction of mel fisher 's discoveries from this wreck in 1988 , we continue to get calls from people who have received pieces of the treasure in return for their investment in the salvage [use] .

They are confident that , highly skilled and dedicated and absolutely tireless , the surgeon will treat each operation — no matter how many operations he or she carries out that day … that week … that year — as unique and fascinating , that he or she will be in top form — for them .
they are confident that , highly skilled and dedicated and absolutely tireless , the surgeon will treat each [use] — no matter how many operations he or she carries out that day … that week … that year — as unique and fascinating , that he or she will be in top form — for them .

The operation , unique to the patient , is routine to the surgeon .
the [use] , unique to the patient , is routine to the surgeon .

There would be no point in designing software to control access to the video disc , unless suitable interfaces are also available to make it possible for the computer in the system to communicate with the video disc player and control its operation .
there would be no point in designing software to control access to the video disc , unless suitable interfaces are also available to make it possible for the computer in the system to communicate with the video disc player and control its [use] .

The reluctance of school librarians to accept audiovisual material into the scope of their operation was a contributing factor to the creation of the profession of audiovisual specialists , and the reluctance of librarians to provide information and referral led to the creation of Information and Referral Centres … Barbara Markusen , a noted author on library networking , has commented that although at one time the public library was the largest source of books and research materials in most cities , this is no longer the case .
the reluctance of school librarians to accept audiovisual material into the scope of their [use] was a contributing factor to the creation of the profession of audiovisual specialists , and the reluctance of librarians to provide information and referral led to the creation of information and referral centres … barbara markusen , a noted author on library networking , has commented that although at one time the public library was the largest source of books and research materials in most cities , this is no longer the case .

The last section of the book is devoted to a description of what has been achieved with the telescope and is dedicated to John Bolton , who has been largely responsible for the dish 's successful operation .
the last section of the book is devoted to a description of what has been achieved with the telescope and is dedicated to john bolton , who has been largely responsible for the dish 's successful [use] .

For example , in situations requiring the selection of elastomers for use as hose-pipes or gaskets , the correct choice of elastomer is of prime importance , as contact with highly compatible fluids may cause serious swelling and impair the operation of the system .
for example , in situations requiring the selection of elastomers for use as hose-pipes or gaskets , the correct choice of elastomer is of prime importance , as contact with highly compatible fluids may cause serious swelling and impair the [use] of the system .

As the stress is normally observed to reach a maximum as soon as the material deforms and then decreases thereafter , it is necessary to alter this continually in order to maintain a constant deformation or measure the stress that would be required to accomplish this operation .
as the stress is normally observed to reach a maximum as soon as the material deforms and then decreases thereafter , it is necessary to alter this continually in order to maintain a constant deformation or measure the stress that would be required to accomplish this [use] .

Franco Domicile price lists apply in each foreign market and the whole operation is backed up by administration and foreign language communication , to provide the efficient , smooth running operation of today .
franco domicile price lists apply in each foreign market and the whole [use] is backed up by administration and foreign language communication , to provide the efficient , smooth running [use] of today .

New scouring machine in operation .
new scouring machine in [use] .

In the period since his appointment , he has merged the two companies , their products and the sales force into the single organisation that is in operation today .
in the period since his appointment , he has merged the two companies , their products and the sales force into the single organisation that is in [use] today .

They are most useful in education , because students are able to get a fast turn-round while at the same time learning the principles of operation of a particular software package , and in draft map production , where a cartographer is experimenting with different map designs .
they are most useful in education , because students are able to get a fast turn-round while at the same time learning the principles of [use] of a particular software package , and in draft map production , where a cartographer is experimenting with different map designs .

One useful operation is zooming or magnifying a portion of the image so that it fills the screen .
one useful [use] is zooming or magnifying a portion of the image so that it fills the screen .

The latter operation is sometimes called sharpening .
the latter [use] is sometimes called sharpening .

As the name implies , this operation involves emphasizing the boundary or edge features on the image so that it looks less blurred .
as the name implies , this [use] involves emphasizing the boundary or edge features on the image so that it looks less blurred .

Because the resampling operation is both repetitive and independent ( that is , two or more resampling operations could be carried out simultaneously — one does not rely upon the other ) it does not need to be performed sequentially .
because the resampling [use] is both repetitive and independent ( that is , two or more resampling operations could be carried out simultaneously — one does not rely upon the other ) it does not need to be performed sequentially .

Nearly all present-day computers are sequential ( serial ) machines which perform only one operation at a time .
nearly all present-day computers are sequential ( serial ) machines which perform only one [use] at a time .

’ for the rates of operation of the different processes will depend on these local conditions .
’ for the rates of [use] of the different processes will depend on these local conditions .

the degree of understanding of the operation of the system that we possess , and ,
the degree of understanding of the [use] of the system that we possess , and ,

The main contribution of manufacturing is the selection and operation of established production processes and the management of an agreed production programme .
the main contribution of manufacturing is the selection and [use] of established production processes and the management of an agreed production programme .

There is evidence ( Bergen , 1983 ) that flexibility of operation in and between these stages benefits the project .
there is evidence ( bergen , 1983 ) that flexibility of [use] in and between these stages benefits the project .

Operation sequence
[use] sequence

This information is conveyed on planning sheets and calculation sheets such as the assembly or ‘ Gozinto ’ chart , Figure 7.2 , and the operation process chart ( Stoner , 1978 ) .
this information is conveyed on planning sheets and calculation sheets such as the assembly or ‘ gozinto ’ chart , figure 7.2 , and the [use] process chart ( stoner , 1978 ) .

Operation Process Chart
[use] process chart

The operation process chart is a summary of all required operations and inspections : it is a general plan for manufacture .
the [use] process chart is a summary of all required operations and inspections : it is a general plan for manufacture .

The organization introduces more structure , goals and rules into its operation .
the organization introduces more structure , goals and rules into its [use] .

Study of the operation of the valve shows that the servo air will completely seal the valve without the aid of the spring and that it and the diaphragm plate can therefore be eliminated together with the turned spigot inside the cover .
study of the [use] of the valve shows that the servo air will completely seal the valve without the aid of the spring and that it and the diaphragm plate can therefore be eliminated together with the turned spigot inside the cover .

Earnings per share were 13.3p compared with 11.5p ( before provision for operation to be terminated ) in the previous year , an increase of 16 % .
earnings per share were 13.3p compared with 11.5p ( before provision for [use] to be terminated ) in the previous year , an increase of 16 % .

Little more than twenty-four hours later , he was in hospital for an operation on damaged arteries in his legs , the price of making people laugh .
little more than twenty-four hours later , he was in hospital for an [use] on damaged arteries in his legs , the price of making people laugh .

Species that were numerous around the boat and which were caught for a cursory examination only ’ were released again alive , ‘ the operation ’ , Gould maintained , giving ‘ not the least pain to the bird , the point of the hook merely taking hold in the horny and insensible tip of the beak .
species that were numerous around the boat and which were caught for a cursory examination only ’ were released again alive , ‘ the [use] ’ , gould maintained , giving ‘ not the least pain to the bird , the point of the hook merely taking hold in the horny and insensible tip of the beak .

February 1986 saw Val Fajr No 9 , during which Tehran claimed the capture of a number of important heights , followed by a major Iraqi sweeping-up operation in the Panjwin area the following month .
february 1986 saw val fajr no 9 , during which tehran claimed the capture of a number of important heights , followed by a major iraqi sweeping-up [use] in the panjwin area the following month .

Val Fajr No 9 was to be the last set-piece operation in the north .
val fajr no 9 was to be the last set-piece [use] in the north .

The heart of the system is a highly sophisticated computer system which , when fully commissioned , will virtually run the milling operation .
the heart of the system is a highly sophisticated computer system which , when fully commissioned , will virtually run the milling [use] .

Both the scale and rate of change affecting the operation of the company have been dramatic over the last nine months .
both the scale and rate of change affecting the [use] of the company have been dramatic over the last nine months .

During the year our turnover received a significant boost from the enlargement of the agriculture operation and finished with a massive £612 million for the year .
during the year our turnover received a significant boost from the enlargement of the agriculture [use] and finished with a massive £612 million for the year .

This is the only English Gothic cathedral to be built largely in a single operation and , therefore , single style .
this is the only english gothic cathedral to be built largely in a single [use] and , therefore , single style .

It is very much a cathedral of one building operation and retains a Medieval impression despite the mechanical quality of its restoration .
it is very much a cathedral of one building [use] and retains a medieval impression despite the mechanical quality of its restoration .

Both were impressed by the size and diversity of the Guinness operation .
both were impressed by the size and diversity of the guinness [use] .

And to celebrate the second anniversary , the Albany warehouse operation at the Stretton site delivered a suitably decorated cake to Park Royal .
and to celebrate the second anniversary , the albany warehouse [use] at the stretton site delivered a suitably decorated cake to park royal .

Operation of the contract has involved close partnership between Guinness and various sub divisions of Beck & Pollitzer 's organisation specialising in transport , network logistics and warehousing .
[use] of the contract has involved close partnership between guinness and various sub divisions of beck & pollitzer 's organisation specialising in transport , network logistics and warehousing .

Tony was the first Technical Adviser for the lager operation and ran the training programme for all the breweries that handled the brand in the 1960s at the beginning of the later boom .
tony was the first technical adviser for the lager [use] and ran the training programme for all the breweries that handled the brand in the 1960s at the beginning of the later boom .

And , so it was rumoured , ‘ This is a Christian Country ’ Gyles , of Cranborne junior School , had privately denounced the headmaster 's operation as being ‘ a bucket shop ’ .
and , so it was rumoured , ‘ this is a christian country ’ gyles , of cranborne junior school , had privately denounced the headmaster 's [use] as being ‘ a bucket shop ’ .

The inspector of schools had , however , described the operation as ‘ offering an entirely new slant on the core curriculum ’ .
the inspector of schools had , however , described the [use] as ‘ offering an entirely new slant on the core curriculum ’ .

’ Jackson , a woman who had told Robert the story of her dog 's operation no less than seventeen times .
’ jackson , a woman who had told robert the story of her dog 's [use] no less than seventeen times .

Operation Majestic .
[use] majestic .

Operation Majestic
[use] majestic

You may find this hard to believe , but Operation Majestic 12 really happened .
you may find this hard to believe , but [use] majestic 12 really happened .

Some methodologies , for example , Merise ( Quang & Chartier-Kastler , 1991 ) also define the synchronisation of an operation ( Figure 3.10 ) .
some methodologies , for example , merise ( quang & chartier-kastler , 1991 ) also define the synchronisation of an [use] ( figure 3.10 ) .

This is a condition affecting the events which trigger the operation and will enable the triggering of that operation .
this is a condition affecting the events which trigger the [use] and will enable the triggering of that [use] .

For example , the operation ‘ production of pay slips ’ may be triggered by the event ‘ date ’ when it equals ‘ 28th of the month ’ .
for example , the [use] ‘ production of pay slips ’ may be triggered by the event ‘ date ’ when it equals ‘ 28th of the month ’ .

Fig. 3.10 Synchronisation of an operation
fig. 3.10 synchronisation of an [use]

Fig. 3.16 Operation documentation
fig. 3.16 [use] documentation

In a relational system , the result of any operation on one or more relations is itself a relation .
in a relational system , the result of any [use] on one or more relations is itself a relation .

They are set up each time when the operation is required at run time .
they are set up each time when the [use] is required at run time .

In some relational systems , the operation will be written as :
in some relational systems , the [use] will be written as :

The record address can be retrieved following an index look-up operation .
the record address can be retrieved following an index look-up [use] .

The belief here is that people have a basic right to control their own destinies and that , if they are allowed to participate in the analysis and design of the system that they will be using , then the implementation , acceptance and operation of the systems are more likely to be successful .
the belief here is that people have a basic right to control their own destinies and that , if they are allowed to participate in the analysis and design of the system that they will be using , then the implementation , acceptance and [use] of the systems are more likely to be successful .

Even where the level of participation was highest , its emphasis was stressed at the implementation , operation and evaluation phases of the development of a project , very rarely in any earlier planning phase .
even where the level of participation was highest , its emphasis was stressed at the implementation , [use] and evaluation phases of the development of a project , very rarely in any earlier planning phase .

Throughout the crisis of 1931 , however , he was confined to bed after an operation .
throughout the crisis of 1931 , however , he was confined to bed after an [use] .

1 knew how he felt , for in an operation like this nerves take over and you rest so heavily upon the skill of the dispatcher that you ask his permission even to breathe .
1 knew how he felt , for in an [use] like this nerves take over and you rest so heavily upon the skill of the dispatcher that you ask his permission even to breathe .

Each stage of the operation is recorded on a tape machine and each operator reports the end of each stage to that machine and the machine will — providing all the agents on that scheme have also reported in — tell you the next stage .
each stage of the [use] is recorded on a tape machine and each operator reports the end of each stage to that machine and the machine will — providing all the agents on that scheme have also reported in — tell you the next stage .

We went down a long corridor to a door bearing a sign ‘ Latvia pilot operation ’ .
we went down a long corridor to a door bearing a sign ‘ latvia pilot [use] ’ .

‘ Riga is the pilot operation , that 's why we are watching it so closely .
‘ riga is the pilot [use] , that 's why we are watching it so closely .

These machines are programming our operation there .
these machines are programming our [use] there .

He was heading up the President 's getaway operation at the Abbey .
he was heading up the president 's getaway [use] at the abbey .

What stands out about the development of transport in England between 1700 and 1815 is the creation from privately supplied capital of a system which , though not preconceived , was to prove sufficiently complementary in its supply and its operation to accommodate a modernising economy with a growing range of activities .
what stands out about the development of transport in england between 1700 and 1815 is the creation from privately supplied capital of a system which , though not preconceived , was to prove sufficiently complementary in its supply and its [use] to accommodate a modernising economy with a growing range of activities .

Of course , once a new or improved transport link was in operation , fresh entrepreneurial opportunities might be spotted , but for the most part promoters anticipated specific rather than general gains .
of course , once a new or improved transport link was in [use] , fresh entrepreneurial opportunities might be spotted , but for the most part promoters anticipated specific rather than general gains .

While the monster stoked , was Victor finding time to perform a facial operation on the female ?
while the monster stoked , was victor finding time to perform a facial [use] on the female ?

Consider the operation involved in cooking something as simple as frozen peas :
consider the [use] involved in cooking something as simple as frozen peas :

Look too , for models with the sort of shelving that allows you to programme the machine to start work hours later and will make the operation a whole lot quieter , and the kinds that have soft food disposal units to prevent blocked drains .
look too , for models with the sort of shelving that allows you to programme the machine to start work hours later and will make the [use] a whole lot quieter , and the kinds that have soft food disposal units to prevent blocked drains .

It was an operation .
it was an [use] .

This can be a delicate operation since it is desirable that this card fill most of its allotted area .
this can be a delicate [use] since it is desirable that this card fill most of its allotted area .

As remarked under Data Areas , the use of a formal parameter whose type is a comprehensive data structure to pass data between modules makes changing the program a fairly safe operation .
as remarked under data areas , the use of a formal parameter whose type is a comprehensive data structure to pass data between modules makes changing the program a fairly safe [use] .

This is particularly true of the set-up operation .
this is particularly true of the set-up [use] .

Some constant changes , particularly affecting checkConsistency and diagnostics elsewhere , can result in conditions becoming difficult or impossible to satisfy , so that the program either can not complete the set-up operation or delivers too many diagnostics and perhaps even fails to deliver measurements .
some constant changes , particularly affecting checkconsistency and diagnostics elsewhere , can result in conditions becoming difficult or impossible to satisfy , so that the program either can not complete the set-up [use] or delivers too many diagnostics and perhaps even fails to deliver measurements .

Investment should increase capacity up to the point at which the once-and-for-all cost of a new plant equals the present value of operating profits when the efficient pricing structure is in operation .
investment should increase capacity up to the point at which the once-and-for-all cost of a new plant equals the present value of operating profits when the efficient pricing structure is in [use] .

Manipulation of these structures is possible by means of a small number of well defined operations , the most important operation being unification .
manipulation of these structures is possible by means of a small number of well defined operations , the most important [use] being unification .

The operation of unification creates new feature structures and together with some string combining operations pairs the feature structures with strings ( Joshi , 1987 ) .
the [use] of unification creates new feature structures and together with some string combining operations pairs the feature structures with strings ( joshi , 1987 ) .

‘ She says it 's a quick operation , ’ he continues .
‘ she says it 's a quick [use] , ’ he continues .

We took up the coathanger as our symbol — one of the grim tools women used to induce their own abortions before the operation was legalized — and we vowed that no more women should die , become maimed or made permanently sterile as a result of trying to get an abortion .
we took up the coathanger as our symbol — one of the grim tools women used to induce their own abortions before the [use] was legalized — and we vowed that no more women should die , become maimed or made permanently sterile as a result of trying to get an abortion .

The Abortion and Sterilisation Act of 1975 stipulates that written consent of the person who in law consents to an operation has to be obtained before a sterilisation is performed .
the abortion and sterilisation act of 1975 stipulates that written consent of the person who in law consents to an [use] has to be obtained before a sterilisation is performed .

’ If you have the operation you will get a sari and money ’
’ if you have the [use] you will get a sari and money ’

Since this tactic came into operation in September 1987 all founding members of the banana trade union movement have been assassinated or subjected to assassination attempts .
since this tactic came into [use] in september 1987 all founding members of the banana trade union movement have been assassinated or subjected to assassination attempts .

The army appeared to have achieved their aim with the notorious Operation Phoenix aerial bombardment campaign of January 1986 which drove out all civilians from the area .
the army appeared to have achieved their aim with the notorious [use] phoenix aerial bombardment campaign of january 1986 which drove out all civilians from the area .

The very next day the Justice Minister Saulos Ramos called the operation off , breaking a Federal Court decree .
the very next day the justice minister saulos ramos called the [use] off , breaking a federal court decree .

Member will know that Renfrewshire is within Strathclyde and therefore within the Strathclyde integrated development operation , which is the largest single area for assistance identified by the European Community .
member will know that renfrewshire is within strathclyde and therefore within the strathclyde integrated development [use] , which is the largest single area for assistance identified by the european community .

The operation of set-aside is even worse than the concept .
the [use] of set-aside is even worse than the concept .

However , even if Dr. Church and his partners did not know of the operation of that rule , many others in primary health care knew .
however , even if dr. church and his partners did not know of the [use] of that rule , many others in primary health care knew .

The critical part of one of the reports said that the Government had some 30 or 40 different schemes in operation .
the critical part of one of the reports said that the government had some 30 or 40 different schemes in [use] .

Will the Secretary of State , without waiting for the report , send for the chairman of British Rail and , exceptionally , offer him enough money to allow him to put into operation an immediate emergency programme for the renewal of signalling systems ? It is clear that signalling is one of the vital factors that , unfortunately , has contributed in the immediate past to several major accidents .
will the secretary of state , without waiting for the report , send for the chairman of british rail and , exceptionally , offer him enough money to allow him to put into [use] an immediate emergency programme for the renewal of signalling systems ? it is clear that signalling is one of the vital factors that , unfortunately , has contributed in the immediate past to several major accidents .

The Secretary of State has clarified the position on savings , but will he give us some idea of the savings which will result from a reduction of effectiveness in Scotland ? Can he clarify the position in relation to 15 Para and talk in terms of numbers rather than amalgamations ? What will be involved in the reduction from a battalion to one company in Scotland ? Are we to take it that the company headquarters , not the battalion headquarters , will be in Glasgow ? What will be the cost-effectiveness of having four subdivisions of a company ? How can that possibly be cost-effective in terms of the operation of a paratroop battalion ?
the secretary of state has clarified the position on savings , but will he give us some idea of the savings which will result from a reduction of effectiveness in scotland ? can he clarify the position in relation to 15 para and talk in terms of numbers rather than amalgamations ? what will be involved in the reduction from a battalion to one company in scotland ? are we to take it that the company headquarters , not the battalion headquarters , will be in glasgow ? what will be the cost-effectiveness of having four subdivisions of a company ? how can that possibly be cost-effective in terms of the [use] of a paratroop battalion ?

We now find that , because we have failed in the past 10 or 12 years , to recognise the need for clean coal technology and support the schemes that were in operation , it will take eight to 10 years for plants to become operative and produce clean coal .
we now find that , because we have failed in the past 10 or 12 years , to recognise the need for clean coal technology and support the schemes that were in [use] , it will take eight to 10 years for plants to become operative and produce clean coal .

What has happened is a swings-and-roundabouts operation , whereby last year pensioners received more than the cost of living that they had incurred , whereas this year they will receive less .
what has happened is a swings-and-roundabouts [use] , whereby last year pensioners received more than the cost of living that they had incurred , whereas this year they will receive less .

Member for Wimbledon ( Dr. Goodson-Wickes ) , served with the British forces in Operation Granby .
member for wimbledon ( dr. goodson-wickes ) , served with the british forces in [use] granby .

The infamous Rechem plant is located near Pontypool in Wales and there has been widespread concern at its operation .
the infamous rechem plant is located near pontypool in wales and there has been widespread concern at its [use] .

In addition , extra troops are also now in the Province in support of a specific operation to enhance the security and to improve the effectiveness of vehicle checkpoints in Fermanagh .
in addition , extra troops are also now in the province in support of a specific [use] to enhance the security and to improve the effectiveness of vehicle checkpoints in fermanagh .

Gentleman will be aware of yesterday 's decision by the House , by 224 votes to 4 , to do something about the shambles about the operation of the Shops Act 1950 .
gentleman will be aware of yesterday 's decision by the house , by 224 votes to 4 , to do something about the shambles about the [use] of the shops act 1950 .

The fact that one Health Authority felt unable to fund this operation and yet another Health Authority felt able to provide the necessary monies does call into question whether the Patients ' Charter does actually work .
the fact that one health authority felt unable to fund this [use] and yet another health authority felt able to provide the necessary monies does call into question whether the patients ' charter does actually work .

If British Raik were seeking to finance this project entirely out of the relatively small amount of revenue that will come to the station from the operation of the services and from the surrounding property development , it would find that impossible .
if british raik were seeking to finance this project entirely out of the relatively small amount of revenue that will come to the station from the [use] of the services and from the surrounding property development , it would find that impossible .

The Government 's announced change of policy on export credit facilities for the republics of the former Soviet Union is welcome , but can the Prime Minister clarify the extent and the effectiveness of these changes in practice , as it appears that the conditions limiting the operation of those credit guarantees is likely to make them unusable for several years to come ?
the government 's announced change of policy on export credit facilities for the republics of the former soviet union is welcome , but can the prime minister clarify the extent and the effectiveness of these changes in practice , as it appears that the conditions limiting the [use] of those credit guarantees is likely to make them unusable for several years to come ?

The police national computer has been in operation since 1974 .
the police national computer has been in [use] since 1974 .

In section 11 ( 1 ) of the Mental Health ( Scotland ) Act 1984 ( training and occupation of the mentally handicapped ) — ( a ) after the words ’ operation of ’ there shall be inserted ’ ( a ) ’ ; and ( b ) after the word ’ mind ) ’ there shall be inserted the words or ( b ) section 1 of the Further and Higher Education ( Scotland ) Act 1992 ( which imposes a duty on the secretary of State to secure the provision of adequate and efficient further education in Scotland ) .
in section 11 ( 1 ) of the mental health ( scotland ) act 1984 ( training and occupation of the mentally handicapped ) — ( a ) after the words ’ [use] of ’ there shall be inserted ’ ( a ) ’ ; and ( b ) after the word ’ mind ) ’ there shall be inserted the words or ( b ) section 1 of the further and higher education ( scotland ) act 1992 ( which imposes a duty on the secretary of state to secure the provision of adequate and efficient further education in scotland ) .

It is true that , without guillotines then , the Bills could not have been brought into operation .
it is true that , without guillotines then , the bills could not have been brought into [use] .

For the first meeting of our 1990-91 winter programme our invited speaker was Mr Michael Parker of ‘ Centro ’ , the West Midlands Transport Executive , who gave us a fascinating insight into the planning , routes and probable operation of the intended West Midlands light rail system .
for the first meeting of our 1990-91 winter programme our invited speaker was mr michael parker of ‘ centro ’ , the west midlands transport executive , who gave us a fascinating insight into the planning , routes and probable [use] of the intended west midlands light rail system .

Mr Stanley Keyse , who was a founder member of the Welshpool and Llanfair Caereinion Railway Society , died recently following an operation .
mr stanley keyse , who was a founder member of the welshpool and llanfair caereinion railway society , died recently following an [use] .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health if he will make a statement on the operation of hospital trusts .
to ask the secretary of state for health if he will make a statement on the [use] of hospital trusts .

The whole operation on the patients charter — the printing and so on — has cost about £2 million .
the whole [use] on the patients charter — the printing and so on — has cost about £2 million .

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will give the total estimated annual operating costs of Trident for the first five years of operation .
to ask the secretary of state for defence if he will give the total estimated annual operating costs of trident for the first five years of [use] .

We are all impressed by the Gurkhas , and anyone who has visited Nepal and seen them in operation is even more impressed .
we are all impressed by the gurkhas , and anyone who has visited nepal and seen them in [use] is even more impressed .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment what is his estimate of how much more businesses would have paid in rates during 1990-91 and 1991-92 if uniform business rate had not been in operation .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment what is his estimate of how much more businesses would have paid in rates during 1990-91 and 1991-92 if uniform business rate had not been in [use] .

To ask the Attorney-General what discussions he has had with the chairmen of the Bar Council and the Law Society concerning the impact on the effective operation of the legal system of the quality of recruitment to the legal professions .
to ask the attorney-general what discussions he has had with the chairmen of the bar council and the law society concerning the impact on the effective [use] of the legal system of the quality of recruitment to the legal professions .

To ask the Secretary of State for Education and Science if he will review the operation of the present system of discretionary awards for those undertaking courses for second degrees .
to ask the secretary of state for education and science if he will review the [use] of the present system of discretionary awards for those undertaking courses for second degrees .

To ask the Secretary of State for Scotland if he will make a statement on the operation of Sunday trading laws in Scotland .
to ask the secretary of state for scotland if he will make a statement on the [use] of sunday trading laws in scotland .

To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if he will make a further statement on the operation of the Sunday trading laws .
to ask the secretary of state for the home department if he will make a further statement on the [use] of the sunday trading laws .

British Coal had 133 producing collieries in operation at the beginning of the financial year 1986-87 , which produced 88 million tonnes of coal .
british coal had 133 producing collieries in [use] at the beginning of the financial year 1986-87 , which produced 88 million tonnes of coal .

There are currently 53 collieries in operation , which are expected to produce 68 million tonnes this financial year .
there are currently 53 collieries in [use] , which are expected to produce 68 million tonnes this financial year .

Will my right hon. Friend confirm that if he were to convert all loans under the social fund to grants , as has been promised by the hon. Member for Oldham , West ( Mr. Meacher ) , the cost would be about £130 million and would greatly prejudice the operation of the social fund as it now works ?
will my right hon. friend confirm that if he were to convert all loans under the social fund to grants , as has been promised by the hon. member for oldham , west ( mr. meacher ) , the cost would be about £130 million and would greatly prejudice the [use] of the social fund as it now works ?

To ask the Secretary of State for Social Security when the new disability working allowance will come into operation .
to ask the secretary of state for social security when the new disability working allowance will come into [use] .

To ask the Minister for the Arts if he will make a statement on the operation of the business sponsorship incentive scheme .
to ask the minister for the arts if he will make a statement on the [use] of the business sponsorship incentive scheme .

Can the Prime Minister tell the House how he squares his vision of a classless Britain with the experience of a constituent of mine from Fulwood , who was told last May that she needed a hip replacement but that she would have to wait 14 months for the operation under the national health service , and who was told that she could have had the operation immediately had she been able to cough up £4,300 ?
can the prime minister tell the house how he squares his vision of a classless britain with the experience of a constituent of mine from fulwood , who was told last may that she needed a hip replacement but that she would have to wait 14 months for the [use] under the national health service , and who was told that she could have had the [use] immediately had she been able to cough up £4,300 ?

It is now a relatively routine operation available in the national health service .
it is now a relatively routine [use] available in the national health service .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health if he will make a statement on the operation of the general practitioner fund-holding initiative .
to ask the secretary of state for health if he will make a statement on the [use] of the general practitioner fund-holding initiative .

Is the Minister aware that the number of eye tests in the Oldham area dropped by one third last year ? Is he aware that even when people are examined , are found to have cataracts and wait a long time for the operation , some of them — such as a 91-year-old constituent of mine — are told that Royal Oldham hospital , which has been granted trust status , does not have the money to provide the necessary medicines and has money to help only the elderly ?
is the minister aware that the number of eye tests in the oldham area dropped by one third last year ? is he aware that even when people are examined , are found to have cataracts and wait a long time for the [use] , some of them — such as a 91-year-old constituent of mine — are told that royal oldham hospital , which has been granted trust status , does not have the money to provide the necessary medicines and has money to help only the elderly ?

We are extending the range and coverage of our urban air quality monitoring network in the coming years , and an additional monitoring site came into operation in central London last month .
we are extending the range and coverage of our urban air quality monitoring network in the coming years , and an additional monitoring site came into [use] in central london last month .

As the meters are now in operation , will the Minister take action to ensure that dispenser facilities are more widely available ?
as the meters are now in [use] , will the minister take action to ensure that dispenser facilities are more widely available ?

To ask the Minister for the Civil Service when he last met representatives of the civil service unions to discuss the operation of executive agencies .
to ask the minister for the civil service when he last met representatives of the civil service unions to discuss the [use] of executive agencies .

It is planned to increase funding for the operation and maintenance of roads , and associated bridges , in the 1992-93 financial year by £3.2 million to £65.3 million .
it is planned to increase funding for the [use] and maintenance of roads , and associated bridges , in the 1992-93 financial year by £3.2 million to £65.3 million .

That system will now come into operation , and will be available for the defence of our country for many years .
that system will now come into [use] , and will be available for the defence of our country for many years .

Mr. Secretary Hunt , supported by Mr. Secretary Heseltine , Mr. David Mellor , Sir Wyn Roberts and Mr. Nicholas Bennett , presented a Bill to provide for the construction by the Cardiff Bay Development Corporation of a barrage across the mouth of Cardiff Bay with an outer harbour and of a tidal lagoon and for related works ; to make provision for the acquisition and use of land for the works ; to make provision about the operation and management of the barrage , the outer harbour , the water impounded by the barrage and the lagoon ; to make provision for dealing with property damage resulting from any alteration of groundwater levels which may occur in consequence of the construction of the barrage ; to enable other protective provisions to be made ; and for connected purposes : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time tomorrow and to be printed .
mr. secretary hunt , supported by mr. secretary heseltine , mr. david mellor , sir wyn roberts and mr. nicholas bennett , presented a bill to provide for the construction by the cardiff bay development corporation of a barrage across the mouth of cardiff bay with an outer harbour and of a tidal lagoon and for related works ; to make provision for the acquisition and use of land for the works ; to make provision about the [use] and management of the barrage , the outer harbour , the water impounded by the barrage and the lagoon ; to make provision for dealing with property damage resulting from any alteration of groundwater levels which may occur in consequence of the construction of the barrage ; to enable other protective provisions to be made ; and for connected purposes : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time tomorrow and to be printed .

Presumably he meant an individual 's inability to have a national health service operation on demand .
presumably he meant an individual 's inability to have a national health service [use] on demand .

Amazingly , no one has yet worked out what the effect of that will be on Ford 's operation .
amazingly , no one has yet worked out what the effect of that will be on ford 's [use] .

The proposed method of operation for the benefits system will cause enormous problems for families .
the proposed method of [use] for the benefits system will cause enormous problems for families .

The House will be aware that , for the most part , these are closely equivalent to the clauses which relate to the introduction and operation of the council tax in England and Wales which my right hon .
the house will be aware that , for the most part , these are closely equivalent to the clauses which relate to the introduction and [use] of the council tax in england and wales which my right hon .

The institutions are required to monitor their use of the access funds and the Secretary of State for Education and Science has undertaken to review the operation of the funds in due course .
the institutions are required to monitor their use of the access funds and the secretary of state for education and science has undertaken to review the [use] of the funds in due course .

There is assistance available for students ' education through the educational maintenance system and what is currently in operation is the best method for the support of students .
there is assistance available for students ' education through the educational maintenance system and what is currently in [use] is the best method for the support of students .

That would be an essential prerequisite for any United Nations force being asked to take over a policing operation .
that would be an essential prerequisite for any united nations force being asked to take over a policing [use] .

Gentleman 's figures , a moment 's reflection will enable the House to recognise that managing the delivery of a guarantee of this kind for hundreds of thousands of young people is not a simple , straightforward operation .
gentleman 's figures , a moment 's reflection will enable the house to recognise that managing the delivery of a guarantee of this kind for hundreds of thousands of young people is not a simple , straightforward [use] .

The Prime Minister claims that he wants to be at the heart of Europe , but his real objective is a bypass operation .
the prime minister claims that he wants to be at the heart of europe , but his real objective is a bypass [use] .

The Baxter plan does not permit the operation of international trains to King 's Cross before the completion of a new rail link from the channel tunnel .
the baxter plan does not permit the [use] of international trains to king 's cross before the completion of a new rail link from the channel tunnel .

In the short term , King 's Cross is already there and the links to it exist so that , from the start of the operation of the tunnel , people from the north can go into Europe , stopping at King 's Cross , changing trains without difficulty .
in the short term , king 's cross is already there and the links to it exist so that , from the start of the [use] of the tunnel , people from the north can go into europe , stopping at king 's cross , changing trains without difficulty .

However , a preservation society had been formed in the mean time to come to am arrangement with the Company to secure its future operation .
however , a preservation society had been formed in the mean time to come to am arrangement with the company to secure its future [use] .

Thanks to their operation the Talyllyn Railway is still with us .
thanks to their [use] the talyllyn railway is still with us .

For the first year of Society operation the existing style of ticket was used , but as time went on a superior style was adopted , and these included a range of Member 's tickets as well as Complimentary and Supplementary ones .
for the first year of society [use] the existing style of ticket was used , but as time went on a superior style was adopted , and these included a range of member 's tickets as well as complimentary and supplementary ones .

The final part of the operation was a departure at 0815 from Machynlleth with both engines hauling the Network South East coaches and Severn Valley support coaches to Shrewsbury .
the final part of the [use] was a departure at 0815 from machynlleth with both engines hauling the network south east coaches and severn valley support coaches to shrewsbury .

The Class 156 units ceased to be part of this operation from the 8th of July and presumably the temporary expedient of bus backup is in force if extra capacity is required .
the class 156 units ceased to be part of this [use] from the 8th of july and presumably the temporary expedient of bus backup is in force if extra capacity is required .

What it is important to recognise here is that a text 's negotiation with the time of its historical production is a complex operation .
what it is important to recognise here is that a text 's negotiation with the time of its historical production is a complex [use] .

Revision is assumed to be a teleological operation , the process of an autonomous author in control of an autonomous aesthetic entity .
revision is assumed to be a teleological [use] , the process of an autonomous author in control of an autonomous aesthetic entity .

In other words , what occurs , after the contract is made , in relation either to the possession of the goods or to the payment of the price , can have no bearing upon the operation of Rule 1 .
in other words , what occurs , after the contract is made , in relation either to the possession of the goods or to the payment of the price , can have no bearing upon the [use] of rule 1 .

The seller does not have to agree to this and if he does , that will not normally affect the operation of section 20 .
the seller does not have to agree to this and if he does , that will not normally affect the [use] of section 20 .

If on the other hand the seller agrees to deliver ‘ at his own risk ’ this will alter the operation of section 20 .
if on the other hand the seller agrees to deliver ‘ at his own risk ’ this will alter the [use] of section 20 .

The requirements for the operation of this exception to the nemo dat principle are as follows :
the requirements for the [use] of this exception to the nemo dat principle are as follows :

Having looked at the requirements , it remains to point out that there are no financial limits on the operation of the 1964 Act .
having looked at the requirements , it remains to point out that there are no financial limits on the [use] of the 1964 act .

Emmie saw that the whole operation had been directed towards this but she was only slightly disappointed .
emmie saw that the whole [use] had been directed towards this but she was only slightly disappointed .

‘ It is quite an operation , ’ he added drily .
‘ it is quite an [use] , ’ he added drily .

Instead , they generally suggest some restrictions on their scope and some modifications of their operation .
instead , they generally suggest some restrictions on their scope and some modifications of their [use] .

Providing authorities/hospitals would be paid for cases treated either on the basis of actual cost per case , or on some laid-down or agreed cost per case , and there seems little to prevent them behaving in the same manner as hospitals elsewhere where either ‘ Retrospective full cost reimbursement ’ or ‘ Prospective reimbursement ’ systems are in operation .
providing authorities/hospitals would be paid for cases treated either on the basis of actual cost per case , or on some laid-down or agreed cost per case , and there seems little to prevent them behaving in the same manner as hospitals elsewhere where either ‘ retrospective full cost reimbursement ’ or ‘ prospective reimbursement ’ systems are in [use] .

The problem of monopoly has been discussed elsewhere , in the general introduction and Chapter 4 by Krizner for example , and the solution adopted in most cases of privatization has been to place constraints upon the operation of these now private monopolies .
the problem of monopoly has been discussed elsewhere , in the general introduction and chapter 4 by krizner for example , and the solution adopted in most cases of privatization has been to place constraints upon the [use] of these now private monopolies .

Informed consent for operation : factors influencing appreciation and recall
informed consent for [use] : factors influencing appreciation and recall

Despite the universal practice of informed consent for surgical therapy , several reports on the appreciation and recall by patients of their treatment have documented a poor understanding and recall of the basic facts relating to the nature of their operation .
despite the universal practice of informed consent for surgical therapy , several reports on the appreciation and recall by patients of their treatment have documented a poor understanding and recall of the basic facts relating to the nature of their [use] .

Communication skills of the doctors in charge of these patients and the efficacy of written versus verbal information on the nature of the intended operation .
communication skills of the doctors in charge of these patients and the efficacy of written versus verbal information on the nature of the intended [use] .

The effect of drugs given before during or after the operation .
the effect of drugs given before during or after the [use] .

The influence of serious complications following the operation .
the influence of serious complications following the [use] .

This project examines the introduction , operation and management of new technology in manufacturing enterprises , and its impact on employees and the organisation .
this project examines the introduction , [use] and management of new technology in manufacturing enterprises , and its impact on employees and the organisation .

Identifying and examining a cross-section of planning departments to pursue in-depth studies concerning the selection , introduction and operation of computer systems .
identifying and examining a cross-section of planning departments to pursue in-depth studies concerning the selection , introduction and [use] of computer systems .

Consider fitting a thermostatic valve ( page 51 ) or upgrading to fully-pumped operation ( see Part Three ) , which will also improve heat-up time .
consider fitting a thermostatic valve ( page 51 ) or upgrading to fully-pumped [use] ( see part three ) , which will also improve heat-up time .

In operation it is similar to the normal type of tap : the water flows up through an orifice which can be closed by a jumper with a washer screwed down on to it .
in [use] it is similar to the normal type of tap : the water flows up through an orifice which can be closed by a jumper with a washer screwed down on to it .

They differ in operation : the control mechanism is a type of solid portcullis ( or ‘ gate ’ ) which is screwed down across the flow of water .
they differ in [use] : the control mechanism is a type of solid portcullis ( or ‘ gate ’ ) which is screwed down across the flow of water .

Operation is either by a circular knob or with a screwdriver fitted into a slot .
[use] is either by a circular knob or with a screwdriver fitted into a slot .

It is noisy in operation , so silencer tubes were fitted to many Portsmouth valves to reduce noise these fit into the inlet and discharge water below the water level in the cistern .
it is noisy in [use] , so silencer tubes were fitted to many portsmouth valves to reduce noise these fit into the inlet and discharge water below the water level in the cistern .

It is worth checking the operation of all ballvalves regularly , particularly the one in the feed-and-expansion cistern .
it is worth checking the [use] of all ballvalves regularly , particularly the one in the feed-and-expansion cistern .

Another possible cause is that the cold water cistern is too small or that the ballvalve supplying the cistern is blocked or slow in operation .
another possible cause is that the cold water cistern is too small or that the ballvalve supplying the cistern is blocked or slow in [use] .

Line strainer to remove any dirt or other particles which could affect the operation of any of the valves in the system
line strainer to remove any dirt or other particles which could affect the [use] of any of the valves in the system

Alternatively , he or she may suggest that the inspection chamber is left in operation , fitted with an airtight cover bolted or screwed down so that it can be removed if necessary .
alternatively , he or she may suggest that the inspection chamber is left in [use] , fitted with an airtight cover bolted or screwed down so that it can be removed if necessary .

This is never likely to be a fast operation and dates are sometimes passed while it is being done .
this is never likely to be a fast [use] and dates are sometimes passed while it is being done .

There were also occasions when trains were run from stations that were already closed but could be brought into operation for special purposes such as excursions , et for Wakes Weeks in Lancashire and the Potteries .
there were also occasions when trains were run from stations that were already closed but could be brought into [use] for special purposes such as excursions , et for wakes weeks in lancashire and the potteries .

She had unflinchingly wrenched the arrow out of his arm as if ‘ t was all in a day 's work , and had argued with him all through the operation and while bandaging his wound later .
she had unflinchingly wrenched the arrow out of his arm as if ‘ t was all in a day 's work , and had argued with him all through the [use] and while bandaging his wound later .

Energy — problem , method , process , operation , technique
energy — problem , method , process , [use] , technique

Vickery has postulated that the following series of facets ( or a subset of them ) may be expected : Thing — part , constituent — property measure patient — process/action operation — agent — ( space time ) .
vickery has postulated that the following series of facets ( or a subset of them ) may be expected : thing — part , constituent — property measure patient — process/action [use] — agent — ( space time ) .

In the Western democracies of the late twentieth century the state has taken on an entirely different character from that which it had in the period of laissez-faire capitalism , or in earlier periods , when its functions were mainly confined to tax collecting , internal repression , and external conflict with other states ; now it is responsible in addition for the operation of a great range of public services as well as a general regulation of the whole economic system .
in the western democracies of the late twentieth century the state has taken on an entirely different character from that which it had in the period of laissez-faire capitalism , or in earlier periods , when its functions were mainly confined to tax collecting , internal repression , and external conflict with other states ; now it is responsible in addition for the [use] of a great range of public services as well as a general regulation of the whole economic system .

the burden of our civilization is not merely , as many suppose , that the product of industry is ill-distributed , or its conduct tyrannical , or its operation interrupted by embittered disagreements .
the burden of our civilization is not merely , as many suppose , that the product of industry is ill-distributed , or its conduct tyrannical , or its [use] interrupted by embittered disagreements .

As in Musgrave 's theory of the ‘ public household ’ , one can consider the division of functions between different government agencies , and the operation of these agencies as units playing the same role as firms do in the market .
as in musgrave 's theory of the ‘ public household ’ , one can consider the division of functions between different government agencies , and the [use] of these agencies as units playing the same role as firms do in the market .

In such cases , the payment of supporters may involve measures that distort the operation of the economy .
in such cases , the payment of supporters may involve measures that distort the [use] of the economy .

Greg retreated a short way down the path , and the Fire Officer turned back to the operation .
greg retreated a short way down the path , and the fire officer turned back to the [use] .

Pushing his way through the bushes along the side of the path , Greg took off into the gardens of Meadowbanks , flanking the fire-fighting operation along the front of the house .
pushing his way through the bushes along the side of the path , greg took off into the gardens of meadowbanks , flanking the fire-fighting [use] along the front of the house .

Whereas it is therefore necessary to establish common rules for the licensing by Member States of the construction and operation of the generating installations and transmission and distribution lines and to take such other steps as are required in order to ensure the effective functioning of the internal market .
whereas it is therefore necessary to establish common rules for the licensing by member states of the construction and [use] of the generating installations and transmission and distribution lines and to take such other steps as are required in order to ensure the effective functioning of the internal market .

Whereas the need to ensure a real opening up of the market and a fair balance in the application of these measures requires the introduction of harmonised criteria and procedures for the construction and operation of generating installations .
whereas the need to ensure a real opening up of the market and a fair balance in the application of these measures requires the introduction of harmonised criteria and procedures for the construction and [use] of generating installations .

The busmen 's case had been that their strict schedules made the satisfactory operation of physical functions difficult .
the busmen 's case had been that their strict schedules made the satisfactory [use] of physical functions difficult .

The operation to which Eliot had referred in his thank-you letter of 22 December was one for hernia , a trouble with which he had been afflicted from birth ( in fact he had a double hernia ) , and for which he was obliged to wear a truss .
the [use] to which eliot had referred in his thank-you letter of 22 december was one for hernia , a trouble with which he had been afflicted from birth ( in fact he had a double hernia ) , and for which he was obliged to wear a truss .

An operation which he could describe as due to take place some weeks ahead was the second to correct the condition .
an [use] which he could describe as due to take place some weeks ahead was the second to correct the condition .

Although the operation was deferred until July , Eliot spent a period in hospital on account of an attack of his chest complaint , which may have owed its onset on this occasion to the emotional blow that he had received .
although the [use] was deferred until july , eliot spent a period in hospital on account of an attack of his chest complaint , which may have owed its onset on this occasion to the emotional blow that he had received .

If this assumption is incorrect , if the structure of the model is in fact dependent upon the policies being carried out , then a model of the economy estimated in a period when one set of policies , one policy regime , was in operation will give misleading advice about what to expect under a different policy regime .
if this assumption is incorrect , if the structure of the model is in fact dependent upon the policies being carried out , then a model of the economy estimated in a period when one set of policies , one policy regime , was in [use] will give misleading advice about what to expect under a different policy regime .

If an atom moves when the symmetry operation is applied , the three vectors representing its motions contribute zero to the trace of the transformation matrix , and hence to the character .
if an atom moves when the symmetry [use] is applied , the three vectors representing its motions contribute zero to the trace of the transformation matrix , and hence to the character .

For any atom that does not move when the operation is applied , there is a particular contribution to the character , and this is the same for every such atom for a particular type of symmetry operation .
for any atom that does not move when the [use] is applied , there is a particular contribution to the character , and this is the same for every such atom for a particular type of symmetry [use] .

They are called Xxyz the character of the general x , y , z basis vector for the particular operation .
they are called xxyz the character of the general x , y , z basis vector for the particular [use] .

The dashing , temperamental , beautifully groomed businessman with the sharp , irreverent wit and the sudden mood changes from light to stormy had disappeared one fateful day when he went into hospital for a routine prostate operation .
the dashing , temperamental , beautifully groomed businessman with the sharp , irreverent wit and the sudden mood changes from light to stormy had disappeared one fateful day when he went into hospital for a routine prostate [use] .

We will never know what happened during that operation because , like most English people , we suffer from excessive politeness with figures of authority and we do n't question or harass them when their explanations seem superficial .
we will never know what happened during that [use] because , like most english people , we suffer from excessive politeness with figures of authority and we do n't question or harass them when their explanations seem superficial .

With the operation of ‘ right-to-work ’ laws , it is not always appropriate to model the trade union as if a closed shop operates .
with the [use] of ‘ right-to-work ’ laws , it is not always appropriate to model the trade union as if a closed shop operates .

They offer the advantages of cheapness , ease of operation and simple maintenance , and are ideal for routine petrographic purposes .
they offer the advantages of cheapness , ease of [use] and simple maintenance , and are ideal for routine petrographic purposes .

6.3. 1 Operation
6.3. 1 [use]

It can prohibit or impose conditions upon activities ; it can impose conditions upon or even revoke authorisation and it could petition for a winding-up of a society 's operation .
it can prohibit or impose conditions upon activities ; it can impose conditions upon or even revoke authorisation and it could petition for a winding-up of a society 's [use] .

This does not in itself involve companies undertaking insurance risks but acknowledges that the skills required for the operation of the life insurance business are similar to those needed to run pension funds .
this does not in itself involve companies undertaking insurance risks but acknowledges that the skills required for the [use] of the life insurance business are similar to those needed to run pension funds .

5.2 The discount market : operation
5.2 the discount market : [use]

We said in section 5.1 that when we came to analyse the operation of the discount market from a conventional point of view , we should find that there were a number of curious features .
we said in section 5.1 that when we came to analyse the [use] of the discount market from a conventional point of view , we should find that there were a number of curious features .

But we can not in this case take the flow of newly issued bills , or even the net flow ( new issues minus redemptions ) as the supply and learn anything useful from it about the operation of the market .
but we can not in this case take the flow of newly issued bills , or even the net flow ( new issues minus redemptions ) as the supply and learn anything useful from it about the [use] of the market .

We spent some time discussing the operation of the traditional or discount market because , we said , it was in that market that the Bank of England tried day by day to influence monetary conditions in the domestic economy .
we spent some time discussing the [use] of the traditional or discount market because , we said , it was in that market that the bank of england tried day by day to influence monetary conditions in the domestic economy .

They showed signs of wanting to take the whole operation over , but Coffin , backed up by his Inspector , would have none of it .
they showed signs of wanting to take the whole [use] over , but coffin , backed up by his inspector , would have none of it .

He reflected gloomily on the price of his ambition , because he had gone out on a limb to persuade a mistrustful and increasingly hostile Kenamun to consent to the operation he had mounted , and then he had only achieved it by linking Surere to the serial killings .
he reflected gloomily on the price of his ambition , because he had gone out on a limb to persuade a mistrustful and increasingly hostile kenamun to consent to the [use] he had mounted , and then he had only achieved it by linking surere to the serial killings .

Audio-visual technicians are responsible for the operation and maintenance of audio-visual equipment .
audio-visual technicians are responsible for the [use] and maintenance of audio-visual equipment .

No such account of the new system in operation is yet possible .
no such account of the new system in [use] is yet possible .

In 1990–1 , the first year of operation of the new system , he followed the latter course , and capped the charges set by 21 authorities .
in 1990–1 , the first year of [use] of the new system , he followed the latter course , and capped the charges set by 21 authorities .

Out of bedrock your blood 's operation
out of bedrock your blood 's [use]

From any further operation on you ,
from any further [use] on you ,

In operation , lifted his shoulders , hoisted to his knees ,
in [use] , lifted his shoulders , hoisted to his knees ,

The long range of each force is attested in one case by the operation of the solar system and in the other by the presence of the Van Allen belts of charged particles trapped in the Earth 's magnetic field .
the long range of each force is attested in one case by the [use] of the solar system and in the other by the presence of the van allen belts of charged particles trapped in the earth 's magnetic field .

The operation given by eqn ( 5.5 ) is a general way of generating covector components from vector components .
the [use] given by eqn ( 5.5 ) is a general way of generating covector components from vector components .

Narrative , which at the level of narration is most threatened by referential interpretations , can now be regarded as a self-contained system with its own internal rules governing every aspect of its operation ; the signs of the narrator are embedded in the narrative , hence perfectly detectable by a semiological analysis .
narrative , which at the level of narration is most threatened by referential interpretations , can now be regarded as a self-contained system with its own internal rules governing every aspect of its [use] ; the signs of the narrator are embedded in the narrative , hence perfectly detectable by a semiological analysis .

Was there still a white slave-trade in operation ?
was there still a white slave-trade in [use] ?

‘ What are you doing here ? ’ Alyssia heard herself whisper , wishing that there were a white slave-trade in operation , because that would have been infinitely preferable to being confronted by him .
‘ what are you doing here ? ’ alyssia heard herself whisper , wishing that there were a white slave-trade in [use] , because that would have been infinitely preferable to being confronted by him .

Further , the operation of these processes is not restricted to the male-female dimension .
further , the [use] of these processes is not restricted to the male-female dimension .

Vimla , the most feminine-looking of the eunuchs , did not have the money for an operation and voluntarily underwent a village castration .
vimla , the most feminine-looking of the eunuchs , did not have the money for an [use] and voluntarily underwent a village castration .

The operation proceeded methodically once the bushes had been cleared , though the spots where the mysterious fragments had been found were carefully tagged and covered with plastic .
the [use] proceeded methodically once the bushes had been cleared , though the spots where the mysterious fragments had been found were carefully tagged and covered with plastic .

Local education boards were established to have oversight of the day-to-day operation of the schools within their area , although they were to be firmly guided on the details of the curriculum by means of the Elementary Code of 1903 .
local education boards were established to have oversight of the day-to-day [use] of the schools within their area , although they were to be firmly guided on the details of the curriculum by means of the elementary code of 1903 .

Indeed the theory raises many problems , both in itself and in its application , not least of which is the verbally mediated nature of its operation .
indeed the theory raises many problems , both in itself and in its application , not least of which is the verbally mediated nature of its [use] .

They are fully described in operation by Hansford Worth on Dartmoor , where they remain as stone-built structures .
they are fully described in [use] by hansford worth on dartmoor , where they remain as stone-built structures .

This whole matter began when my service became aware of Major Maxim at the scene of a surveillance operation that had been mounted .
this whole matter began when my service became aware of major maxim at the scene of a surveillance [use] that had been mounted .

‘ But if my Director-General asks what happened to the agreement that no operation of anything approaching this scale was to be mounted in this country without our knowledge … ? ’
‘ but if my director-general asks what happened to the agreement that no [use] of anything approaching this scale was to be mounted in this country without our knowledge … ? ’

She reported that she was sure she would be able to prove something , but it needed just one operation , with more money .
she reported that she was sure she would be able to prove something , but it needed just one [use] , with more money .

Plainsong : that 's their codename for the whole operation .
plainsong : that 's their codename for the whole [use] .

He was lied to , conned into believing that the Bad Schwarzendorn operation had been approved by the Army .
he was lied to , conned into believing that the bad schwarzendorn [use] had been approved by the army .

Chapelcross community fund came up with the cash which will be used to provide visitors ' toilets at the centre and to assist in its general operation .
chapelcross community fund came up with the cash which will be used to provide visitors ' toilets at the centre and to assist in its general [use] .

Capenhurst Design/Project Engineer Jeff Peet and the power plant were part of a six-vehicle convoy of medical equipment from the Operation Christmas Child aid organisation , which arrived in Romania last month .
capenhurst design/project engineer jeff peet and the power plant were part of a six-vehicle convoy of medical equipment from the [use] christmas child aid organisation , which arrived in romania last month .

Calder training manager , Bill Vaudrey , said : ‘ The team knew they were taking part in an exercise called ‘ Operation Picnic at Hanging rock ’ .
calder training manager , bill vaudrey , said : ‘ the team knew they were taking part in an exercise called ‘ [use] picnic at hanging rock ’ .

The European Autocatalyst operation gained The Queens Award for Export Achievement , making Johnson Matthey one of only three companies to achieve an award in two categories .
the european autocatalyst [use] gained the queens award for export achievement , making johnson matthey one of only three companies to achieve an award in two categories .

The Colour operation is an international business supplying the ceramic , glass , plastic , ink and surface coatings industries worldwide .
the colour [use] is an international business supplying the ceramic , glass , plastic , ink and surface coatings industries worldwide .

Automotive glass enamels and associated silver pastes make a major contribution to the success of our operation in Maastricht .
automotive glass enamels and associated silver pastes make a major contribution to the success of our [use] in maastricht .

Testing automotive glass enamels and silver pastes at our Colour operation in Maastricht , the Netherlands .
testing automotive glass enamels and silver pastes at our colour [use] in maastricht , the netherlands .

Our mission is ‘ to become the worlds number one colour manufacturer by establishing a world class colour operation within which product quality is absolutely dependable … ’ .
our mission is ‘ to become the worlds number one colour manufacturer by establishing a world class colour [use] within which product quality is absolutely dependable … ’ .

Our Print operation is the worlds largest producer of decorative ceramic transfers .
our print [use] is the worlds largest producer of decorative ceramic transfers .

Health and Safety is a major management function ranking in importance with others that lead to efficient operation .
health and safety is a major management function ranking in importance with others that lead to efficient [use] .

The resulting reduction in costs has been coincident with a focus on customer service and manufacturing excellence and the operation is now ready to take the opportunities that economic recovery will bring .
the resulting reduction in costs has been coincident with a focus on customer service and manufacturing excellence and the [use] is now ready to take the opportunities that economic recovery will bring .

The central subject of the rest of this book is the way in which the operation was managed by Charles the Bald .
the central subject of the rest of this book is the way in which the [use] was managed by charles the bald .

Yet changes which at first seem major or dramatic often fade in significance as parts of them are assimilated into school operation or attention is diverted to newer concerns .
yet changes which at first seem major or dramatic often fade in significance as parts of them are assimilated into school [use] or attention is diverted to newer concerns .

If aims and objectives are clear , if resources which assist the reaching of those aims are properly distributed and if other matters which bear on relationships , self-evaluation , assessment , planning and reporting are thought out and carefully put into operation , pupils will be better educated .
if aims and objectives are clear , if resources which assist the reaching of those aims are properly distributed and if other matters which bear on relationships , self-evaluation , assessment , planning and reporting are thought out and carefully put into [use] , pupils will be better educated .

In spite of the fact that he had not set foot in Toledo throughout the entire operation , he was acclaimed as the saviour of the alcazar and received with smiles and gestures of obvious satisfaction the near-delirious attentions of the survivors of the siege .
in spite of the fact that he had not set foot in toledo throughout the entire [use] , he was acclaimed as the saviour of the alcazar and received with smiles and gestures of obvious satisfaction the near-delirious attentions of the survivors of the siege .

As we shall see , what had been a relatively minor military operation enormously enhanced Franco 's position in the Nationalist power stakes and proved to be an important milestone along his road to power .
as we shall see , what had been a relatively minor military [use] enormously enhanced franco 's position in the nationalist power stakes and proved to be an important milestone along his road to power .

Franco , however , instinctively rejected the risks involved in an audacious operation and opted instead for the less ambitious objective of driving a wedge between the city and its northern line of defence , in the Guadarrama mountains , by severing the road and rail communications north-westwards out of the city , towards La Coruña .
franco , however , instinctively rejected the risks involved in an audacious [use] and opted instead for the less ambitious objective of driving a wedge between the city and its northern line of defence , in the guadarrama mountains , by severing the road and rail communications north-westwards out of the city , towards la coruña .

By mid-March the operation was literally bogged down in mud and confusion , allowing the Republicans to mount a counter-offensive .
by mid-march the [use] was literally bogged down in mud and confusion , allowing the republicans to mount a counter-offensive .

This was to be the first time in history that aircraft were used for ground attack , as an integral part of an operation carried out by ground and air forces .
this was to be the first time in history that aircraft were used for ground attack , as an integral part of an [use] carried out by ground and air forces .

It is impossible to say how many participated in this operation simply because they were following orders , as obedient soldiers , and how many because they shared Franco 's belief that their role was that of the `` saviours `` of Spain .
it is impossible to say how many participated in this [use] simply because they were following orders , as obedient soldiers , and how many because they shared franco 's belief that their role was that of the `` saviours `` of spain .

In fact , of course , the `` masses `` as seen in Andalusia were no more than paid extras in a grandiose propaganda operation .
in fact , of course , the `` masses `` as seen in andalusia were no more than paid extras in a grandiose propaganda [use] .

operation of the model travel and tourism centre ;
[use] of the model travel and tourism centre ;

Guidance on the operation of the work experience element is outlined below .
guidance on the [use] of the work experience element is outlined below .

On the whole the legislation which governs the operation of the Commissioner is reasonably straightforward , especially since its consolidation in the Trade Union and Labour Relations ( Consolidation ) Act 1992 .
on the whole the legislation which governs the [use] of the commissioner is reasonably straightforward , especially since its consolidation in the trade union and labour relations ( consolidation ) act 1992 .

Engineers should also have an appreciate of the causes of human errors so that the reasons behind safe operation and design practices can be appreciated ( see Appendix 2 ) .
engineers should also have an appreciate of the causes of human errors so that the reasons behind safe [use] and design practices can be appreciated ( see appendix 2 ) .

Engineers in managerial positions should therefore recognise that they have enhanced responsibilities in three important respects : the introduction and operation of a proper risk management programme ; the effective discharge of their broader duties , so that they do not themselves become a source of risk ; and in the making of judgements relating tot he tolerability of risk .
engineers in managerial positions should therefore recognise that they have enhanced responsibilities in three important respects : the introduction and [use] of a proper risk management programme ; the effective discharge of their broader duties , so that they do not themselves become a source of risk ; and in the making of judgements relating tot he tolerability of risk .

quantitatively ( e.g. per year , per operation , per journey ) or
quantitatively ( e.g. per year , per [use] , per journey ) or

The intention is to give an appreciation of causes of human errors so that the reasons behind safe operation and design practices can be appreciated .
the intention is to give an appreciation of causes of human errors so that the reasons behind safe [use] and design practices can be appreciated .

refuse to work in unsafe modes of operation .
refuse to work in unsafe modes of [use] .

strict control of the operation of washout valves , e.g. locked closed
strict control of the [use] of washout valves , e.g. locked closed

The operation of these factors would render the results of any study practically useless , as the Board soon began to find .
the [use] of these factors would render the results of any study practically useless , as the board soon began to find .

1 Operation of the Military Forces Acts .
1 [use] of the military forces acts .

In this document the case for the nationalisation of key industries was argued on practical grounds in each instance : thus ‘ public ownership of the fuel and power industries ’ would ‘ bring great economies in operation and make it possible to modernise production methods and to raise safety standards ’ ; ‘ public ownership of inland transport ’ would mean ‘ co-ordination of transport services by rail , road and canal ’ ; and the iron and steel industry would become efficient ‘ only if public ownership replaces private monopoly ’ .
in this document the case for the nationalisation of key industries was argued on practical grounds in each instance : thus ‘ public ownership of the fuel and power industries ’ would ‘ bring great economies in [use] and make it possible to modernise production methods and to raise safety standards ’ ; ‘ public ownership of inland transport ’ would mean ‘ co-ordination of transport services by rail , road and canal ’ ; and the iron and steel industry would become efficient ‘ only if public ownership replaces private monopoly ’ .

We have achieved this to such an extent that had the Community Charge still been in operation it would have been 40 less than last year 's figure .
we have achieved this to such an extent that had the community charge still been in [use] it would have been 40 less than last year 's figure .

To organise and direct staff in the day to day operation and administration of the section .
to organise and direct staff in the day to day [use] and administration of the section .

Day today decisions in relation to the operation and control of the section .
day today decisions in relation to the [use] and control of the section .

The company has played an important part in the operation by utilising its deep water surveying expertise to locate and recover what remains of the aircraft from the seabed .
the company has played an important part in the [use] by utilising its deep water surveying expertise to locate and recover what remains of the aircraft from the seabed .

In the not so distant future Wimpey 's decision to run its Middle East operation from Dubai under the directorship of Hugh Hayden will give a massive fillip to our ability to secure work in the region .
in the not so distant future wimpey 's decision to run its middle east [use] from dubai under the directorship of hugh hayden will give a massive fillip to our ability to secure work in the region .

Ffos Las continues as a well run and efficient operation , and coal input is set to climb .
ffos las continues as a well run and efficient [use] , and coal input is set to climb .

Because one of the by products of peat is methane , careful monitoring had to be carried out throughout the operation to ensure that there was no gas build up or migration .
because one of the by products of peat is methane , careful monitoring had to be carried out throughout the [use] to ensure that there was no gas build up or migration .

team/cellular operation
team/cellular [use]

This is a vitally important position within the operation and a year long training course has been developed to educate and support Key Account Executives .
this is a vitally important position within the [use] and a year long training course has been developed to educate and support key account executives .

The tour of the Autocatalyst Plant , the Chemicals Manufacturing unit , our Noble Metals operation and the newly established Metal Joining unit ( incorporating the large 850 ton extrusion press ) as well as a visit to the Colour and Print operation clearly impressed our visitors .
the tour of the autocatalyst plant , the chemicals manufacturing unit , our noble metals [use] and the newly established metal joining unit ( incorporating the large 850 ton extrusion press ) as well as a visit to the colour and print [use] clearly impressed our visitors .

In 1977 , he moved to the Canadian Colour and Print operation , Blythe Matthey , and was active in the Canadian Ceramic society for many years as the pottery and whitwares secretary and chairman and also membership chairman .
in 1977 , he moved to the canadian colour and print [use] , blythe matthey , and was active in the canadian ceramic society for many years as the pottery and whitwares secretary and chairman and also membership chairman .

Mike transferred to the Colour and Print operation in West Whiteland , Pennsylvania .
mike transferred to the colour and print [use] in west whiteland , pennsylvania .

Thus co-ordination is , in a sense , virtually always a derived relation or `` para-relation `` in that it can be theoretically discarded , provided only that one accepts multiple operation of the other relations .
thus co-ordination is , in a sense , virtually always a derived relation or `` para-relation `` in that it can be theoretically discarded , provided only that one accepts multiple [use] of the other relations .

World-wide cruising operation plus leisure , holiday and travel interests .
world-wide cruising [use] plus leisure , holiday and travel interests .

The Forth Ports Authority ( Constitution ) Revision Order 1973 came into operation on the 23rd July .
the forth ports authority ( constitution ) revision order 1973 came into [use] on the 23rd july .

Forth Estuary Towage Limited was established to undertake all the Authority 's towage activities including the handling of vessels at the new Braefoot Bay Terminals due to come into operation in 1984 .
forth estuary towage limited was established to undertake all the authority 's towage activities including the handling of vessels at the new braefoot bay terminals due to come into [use] in 1984 .

There are good reasons to think that military service is not a random event , irrespective of whether there is a draft system in operation or simply voluntary service .
there are good reasons to think that military service is not a random event , irrespective of whether there is a draft system in [use] or simply voluntary service .

He also announced that as of July 24 the armed forces had begun an operation intended to last several days in which searches would be made for explosives and propaganda material in various districts around the capital .
he also announced that as of july 24 the armed forces had begun an [use] intended to last several days in which searches would be made for explosives and propaganda material in various districts around the capital .

Selective searches would be made for known individuals , and `` honest and peaceful citizens `` were asked to show understanding during the operation .
selective searches would be made for known individuals , and `` honest and peaceful citizens `` were asked to show understanding during the [use] .

By mid-July between 1,500 and 2,000 alleged criminals had been arrested in the army operation in rural Sind , and a further 1,600 in Karachi .
by mid-july between 1,500 and 2,000 alleged criminals had been arrested in the army [use] in rural sind , and a further 1,600 in karachi .

On May 26 Israeli officials announced that the airlift from Addis Ababa to Tel Aviv had been completed in 41 civilian and military flights , in an operation co-ordinated by the Israeli army and the official Jewish Agency .
on may 26 israeli officials announced that the airlift from addis ababa to tel aviv had been completed in 41 civilian and military flights , in an [use] co-ordinated by the israeli army and the official jewish agency .

At the beginning of 1991 Brady suggested that the operation would cost $ 80,000 million in the next year alone , and he pressed Congress to provide immediate additional funds .
at the beginning of 1991 brady suggested that the [use] would cost $ 80,000 million in the next year alone , and he pressed congress to provide immediate additional funds .

Hours before the March for Life , dozens of volunteers from Operation Rescue ( a radical anti-abortionist group which had conducted a mass blockade of abortion clinics in 1991 — see p. 38383 ) attempted for the second morning in succession to block access to two abortion clinics in the capital .
hours before the march for life , dozens of volunteers from [use] rescue ( a radical anti-abortionist group which had conducted a mass blockade of abortion clinics in 1991 — see p. 38383 ) attempted for the second morning in succession to block access to two abortion clinics in the capital .

The Turkish army claimed that it had killed at least 34 guerrillas in the operation in the Cudi Mountains of south-eastern Turkey , 50 km from the border with Iraq .
the turkish army claimed that it had killed at least 34 guerrillas in the [use] in the cudi mountains of south-eastern turkey , 50 km from the border with iraq .

Two A-320s had crashed previously in the four years since the aircraft went into operation .
two a-320s had crashed previously in the four years since the aircraft went into [use] .

Between Aug. 9 and 13 , 24 people were killed in the Alexandra township of Johannesburg after Inkatha supporters arrived , armed with spears and clubs , to take part in what was billed as a non-political clean-up operation to remove rubbish from the township .
between aug. 9 and 13 , 24 people were killed in the alexandra township of johannesburg after inkatha supporters arrived , armed with spears and clubs , to take part in what was billed as a non-political clean-up [use] to remove rubbish from the township .

Throughout August the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue conducted a mass blockade of three abortion clinics in Wichita , Kansas .
throughout august the anti-abortion group [use] rescue conducted a mass blockade of three abortion clinics in wichita , kansas .

Operation Rescue was an organization notorious for its confrontational tactics and its implacable opposition to abortion under all circumstances .
[use] rescue was an organization notorious for its confrontational tactics and its implacable opposition to abortion under all circumstances .

The fact that precisely this point of law was already due to be considered by the Supreme Court in relation to a separate abortion clinic case ( also arising from an Operation Rescue blockade ) , however , led many commentators to see the intervention by the Justice Department as primarily political in motivation .
the fact that precisely this point of law was already due to be considered by the supreme court in relation to a separate abortion clinic case ( also arising from an [use] rescue blockade ) , however , led many commentators to see the intervention by the justice department as primarily political in motivation .

On Aug. 20 Kelly imprisoned three of Operation Rescue 's leaders and fined each of them and the organization itself $ 10,000 , for failing to post a $ 100,000 bond ( ordered at the time of the injunction ) to cover potential damage caused by the protests .
on aug. 20 kelly imprisoned three of [use] rescue 's leaders and fined each of them and the organization itself $ 10,000 , for failing to post a $ 100,000 bond ( ordered at the time of the injunction ) to cover potential damage caused by the protests .

On the following day Kelly ordered the three , together with two other leading members of Operation Rescue , to leave Wichita .
on the following day kelly ordered the three , together with two other leading members of [use] rescue , to leave wichita .

The effect of this decision , together with the targeting of the leaders of Operation Rescue , meant that by the end of the month the protests had subsided .
the effect of this decision , together with the targeting of the leaders of [use] rescue , meant that by the end of the month the protests had subsided .

Nevertheless , Mike McMonagle , one of the leaders banned from Wichita , claimed that the campaign had `` rejuvenated the pro-life movement nationally `` and had placed Operation Rescue in the mainstream of that movement .
nevertheless , mike mcmonagle , one of the leaders banned from wichita , claimed that the campaign had `` rejuvenated the pro-life movement nationally `` and had placed [use] rescue in the mainstream of that movement .

The Independent of Aug. 14 reported allegations by the Bonded Labour Liberation Front , that the government had sanctioned child labour through the operation of more than 100 centres employing and training children .
the independent of aug. 14 reported allegations by the bonded labour liberation front , that the government had sanctioned child labour through the [use] of more than 100 centres employing and training children .

In a speech to a group of reserve military officers on Jan. 23 — the President 's first public event since the beginning of the war — Bush claimed that Operation Desert Storm was `` right on schedule `` .
in a speech to a group of reserve military officers on jan. 23 — the president 's first public event since the beginning of the war — bush claimed that [use] desert storm was `` right on schedule `` .

The Italian parliament after protracted debate approved on Jan. 16 ( by 382 to 201 in the Chamber of Deputies and by 190 to 96 in the Senate ) a motion providing for Italian participation in an `` international policing operation `` to secure Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait ; the wording was significant in that Italy 's Constitution forbade recourse to war as a means of settling international disputes .
the italian parliament after protracted debate approved on jan. 16 ( by 382 to 201 in the chamber of deputies and by 190 to 96 in the senate ) a motion providing for italian participation in an `` international policing [use] `` to secure iraqi withdrawal from kuwait ; the wording was significant in that italy 's constitution forbade recourse to war as a means of settling international disputes .

In addition to two charges of perjury and two counts of making false statements , he was also charged with having obstructed the investigation by concealing the existence of extensive personal notes which were relevant to the clandestine 1985-86 operation to sell arms to Iran and to divert the profits to assist the right-wing `` contra `` rebels in Nicaragua .
in addition to two charges of perjury and two counts of making false statements , he was also charged with having obstructed the investigation by concealing the existence of extensive personal notes which were relevant to the clandestine 1985-86 [use] to sell arms to iran and to divert the profits to assist the right-wing `` contra `` rebels in nicaragua .

Weinberger 's stated position was that he had disapproved of the entire operation .
weinberger 's stated position was that he had disapproved of the entire [use] .

Army operation in Sind
army [use] in sind

The new government plan included a system of protection for witnesses turning state evidence , a toughening of bail conditions , and provisions for the police to hold suspects for up to 48 hours without charge and to suspend for 12 months any financial operation suspected of involving Mafia assets .
the new government plan included a system of protection for witnesses turning state evidence , a toughening of bail conditions , and provisions for the police to hold suspects for up to 48 hours without charge and to suspend for 12 months any financial [use] suspected of involving mafia assets .

Military operation in Upper Egypt
military [use] in upper egypt

Three people had been killed in the operation by June 4 .
three people had been killed in the [use] by june 4 .

Jesuit leaders said , however , that those on trial had been `` scapegoats `` and that the search had to continue for those high up in the military who had masterminded the operation .
jesuit leaders said , however , that those on trial had been `` scapegoats `` and that the search had to continue for those high up in the military who had masterminded the [use] .

The anti-abortion group Operation Rescue also planned mass blockades of five abortion clinics in Iowa City , Iowa , on Sept. 14 , but pro-choice supporters turned out in far greater numbers at the demonstrations , which were conducted peacefully .
the anti-abortion group [use] rescue also planned mass blockades of five abortion clinics in iowa city , iowa , on sept. 14 , but pro-choice supporters turned out in far greater numbers at the demonstrations , which were conducted peacefully .

October 1990 : Nationwide operation against foreigners staying in Hungary without residence permits .
october 1990 : nationwide [use] against foreigners staying in hungary without residence permits .

On April 9 , relief agencies undertook the first stage of an operation to assist Kurdish refugees inside Turkey , amidst allegations by Turkish officials that the Turkish Red Crescent had borne the brunt of the relief effort .
on april 9 , relief agencies undertook the first stage of an [use] to assist kurdish refugees inside turkey , amidst allegations by turkish officials that the turkish red crescent had borne the brunt of the relief effort .

$ 120,000,000 had been paid to draft officials to help with the relief operation .
$ 120,000,000 had been paid to draft officials to help with the relief [use] .

The National Co-ordination Committee of Opposition Groups called for a day of civil disobedience on April 15 and for a general strike — " Operation dead cities " — on April 18 and 19 , which appeared to be widely observed .
the national co-ordination committee of opposition groups called for a day of civil disobedience on april 15 and for a general strike — " [use] dead cities " — on april 18 and 19 , which appeared to be widely observed .

The Albanian authorities had apparently acquiesced in the secret operation organized by the Jewish Agency and the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee .
the albanian authorities had apparently acquiesced in the secret [use] organized by the jewish agency and the american jewish joint distribution committee .

The talks failed to produce an agreement to end almost 30 years of guerrilla war ; both sides remained divided on the scope and location of the areas to which the guerrillas would be restricted prior to a ceasefire coming into operation .
the talks failed to produce an agreement to end almost 30 years of guerrilla war ; both sides remained divided on the scope and location of the areas to which the guerrillas would be restricted prior to a ceasefire coming into [use] .

Overall , operation `` Iron Fist `` , which had begun in September [ see p. 37698 ] , was considered to have been successful in reducing violence .
overall , [use] `` iron fist `` , which had begun in september [ see p. 37698 ] , was considered to have been successful in reducing violence .

The operation to dislodge Aoun started early on Oct. 13 .
the [use] to dislodge aoun started early on oct. 13 .

Under regulations which came into operation in January 1990 [ see p. 36807 ] some 70 products were now traded tariff-free within the sub-region .
under regulations which came into [use] in january 1990 [ see p. 36807 ] some 70 products were now traded tariff-free within the sub-region .

The testimony of Fiers also undermined the longstanding declaration of former Attorney General Edwin Meese that the only government officials to have known of the Iran-contra operation prior to his revelation of it on Nov. 25 , 1986 , were three senior White House aides .
the testimony of fiers also undermined the longstanding declaration of former attorney general edwin meese that the only government officials to have known of the iran-contra [use] prior to his revelation of it on nov. 25 , 1986 , were three senior white house aides .

Guzmán had escaped capture , along with two other leading traffickers , during the country 's largest drugs raid , `` Operation Safe Haven `` , launched on June 28 on the town of Santa Ana del Yacuma , a major drug dealing centre , in the eastern Amazonian province of Beni .
guzmán had escaped capture , along with two other leading traffickers , during the country 's largest drugs raid , `` [use] safe haven `` , launched on june 28 on the town of santa ana del yacuma , a major drug dealing centre , in the eastern amazonian province of beni .

On July 25 the federal government approved the Slovak government 's decision to go ahead with the Gabcikovo hydroelectric project , originally part of a joint Hungarian-Czechoslovakian scheme from which Hungary had withdrawn in 1989 [ see p. 37048 ] and to put the power station into operation from October as " a temporary measure " .
on july 25 the federal government approved the slovak government 's decision to go ahead with the gabcikovo hydroelectric project , originally part of a joint hungarian-czechoslovakian scheme from which hungary had withdrawn in 1989 [ see p. 37048 ] and to put the power station into [use] from october as " a temporary measure " .

Evidence emerged in July of an illicit operation by a Polish government agency to buy back the country 's foreign debt at a discount , as Poland discussed resheduling its debt repayments to Western banks .
evidence emerged in july of an illicit [use] by a polish government agency to buy back the country 's foreign debt at a discount , as poland discussed resheduling its debt repayments to western banks .

During the visit , which came shortly after the 50th anniversary of the start of the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union ( " Operation Barbarossa " ) on June 22 , 1941 [ see pp. 4667-69 ] , both leaders confirmed their countries ' friendship .
during the visit , which came shortly after the 50th anniversary of the start of the nazi invasion of the soviet union ( " [use] barbarossa " ) on june 22 , 1941 [ see pp. 4667-69 ] , both leaders confirmed their countries ' friendship .

According to security sources 330 Israeli high explosive artillery rounds had landed in the area of the Israeli operation .
according to security sources 330 israeli high explosive artillery rounds had landed in the area of the israeli [use] .

He was given permission to undergo tests in a Moscow hospital , but official statements from the hospital on Feb. rejected claims that he was suffering from cancer and other dangerous infirmities , and denied that any operation was planned .
he was given permission to undergo tests in a moscow hospital , but official statements from the hospital on feb. rejected claims that he was suffering from cancer and other dangerous infirmities , and denied that any [use] was planned .

Speaking of the alleged reprocessing facility he stated that `` if it were in operation and complete , then it would certainly in our terminology be called a reprocessing plant `` .
speaking of the alleged reprocessing facility he stated that `` if it were in [use] and complete , then it would certainly in our terminology be called a reprocessing plant `` .

Israeli troops killed four more Palestinians in clashes in the Gaza Strip and West Bank on Jan. 1 , Fatah Day , the date Palestinians marked as the anniversary of the first al-Fatah military operation .
israeli troops killed four more palestinians in clashes in the gaza strip and west bank on jan. 1 , fatah day , the date palestinians marked as the anniversary of the first al-fatah military [use] .

After the withdrawal of the ground forces of the " Provide Comfort " operation [ see pp. 38357 ; 38450-51 ] the remaining forces , described in some reports as a 48-warplane deterrent force ( backed up by a United States aircraft carrier in the eastern Mediterranean ) were deployed at joint Turkish-United States air bases at Incirlik and Pirinclick .
after the withdrawal of the ground forces of the " provide comfort " [use] [ see pp. 38357 ; 38450-51 ] the remaining forces , described in some reports as a 48-warplane deterrent force ( backed up by a united states aircraft carrier in the eastern mediterranean ) were deployed at joint turkish-united states air bases at incirlik and pirinclick .

The security operation for the protection of delegates involved about 12,000 police .
the security [use] for the protection of delegates involved about 12,000 police .

The authorities seemed to adopt a dual approach to the anniversary ; on the one hand they launched a massive security operation in the city and detained a number of potential trouble makers , but on the other hand they attempted to portray an image of leniency by releasing groups of pro-democracy activists who had been arrested in 1989 .
the authorities seemed to adopt a dual approach to the anniversary ; on the one hand they launched a massive security [use] in the city and detained a number of potential trouble makers , but on the other hand they attempted to portray an image of leniency by releasing groups of pro-democracy activists who had been arrested in 1989 .

Unrest in Aceh province on the northern tip of Sumatra erupted in April when separatist insurgents ( members of the Free Aceh Movement ) carried out a series of attacks on police posts , which prompted a major security operation against the rebels .
unrest in aceh province on the northern tip of sumatra erupted in april when separatist insurgents ( members of the free aceh movement ) carried out a series of attacks on police posts , which prompted a major security [use] against the rebels .

The changes , to be implemented in May 1991 , involved the scrapping of the country 's mandatory system of conciliation and arbitration which had been in operation since 1984 .
the changes , to be implemented in may 1991 , involved the scrapping of the country 's mandatory system of conciliation and arbitration which had been in [use] since 1984 .

Reinforcements had been called in from Ziguinchor , the provincial capital , and an army search operation was reported throughout the province in the succeeding days .
reinforcements had been called in from ziguinchor , the provincial capital , and an army search [use] was reported throughout the province in the succeeding days .

Bush had consistently claimed that , as Vice-President in the Reagan administration , he was `` out of the loop `` and knew very little of the Iran-contra operation until it became public .
bush had consistently claimed that , as vice-president in the reagan administration , he was `` out of the loop `` and knew very little of the iran-contra [use] until it became public .

Hurricane Iniki — Progress of relief operation following Hurricane Andrew
hurricane iniki — progress of relief [use] following hurricane andrew

More than 200 other Sendero suspects were arrested in succeeding days after a nationwide security operation .
more than 200 other sendero suspects were arrested in succeeding days after a nationwide security [use] .

With the ceasefire in operation , government troops attempted to restore order in Kabul by disarming mujaheddin fighters roaming the city .
with the ceasefire in [use] , government troops attempted to restore order in kabul by disarming mujaheddin fighters roaming the city .

Drugs operation — Mafia arrests
drugs [use] — mafia arrests

Key Mafia figures arrested independently of the operation in September were Giuseppe Madonia , the Sicilian Mafia 's second in command , on Sept. 6 ; Pasquale , Paolo and Gaspare Cuntrera , powerful Sicilian Mafia " bankers " and drug traffickers who were extradited from Venezuela on Sept.11 after years of delays ; Carmine Alfieri , the Camorra chief described as Italy 's major gangster , on Sept. 11 ; and Domenico Libri , the supposed head of the Calabrian Mafia or N'Drangheta , in Marseille on Sept.16 .
key mafia figures arrested independently of the [use] in september were giuseppe madonia , the sicilian mafia 's second in command , on sept. 6 ; pasquale , paolo and gaspare cuntrera , powerful sicilian mafia " bankers " and drug traffickers who were extradited from venezuela on sept.11 after years of delays ; carmine alfieri , the camorra chief described as italy 's major gangster , on sept. 11 ; and domenico libri , the supposed head of the calabrian mafia or n'drangheta , in marseille on sept.16 .

The limit imposed by the state of Missouri on malpractice lawsuit awards had been challenged on behalf of a 13-year-old girl , Nicole Adams , who at the age of eight had been left blind and brain-damaged by an anaesthesia error during a skin graft operation .
the limit imposed by the state of missouri on malpractice lawsuit awards had been challenged on behalf of a 13-year-old girl , nicole adams , who at the age of eight had been left blind and brain-damaged by an anaesthesia error during a skin graft [use] .

The operation , officially described as a humanitarian act to protect the health of the women and children in the camp , was criticized by immigrants ' groups and human rights organizations .
the [use] , officially described as a humanitarian act to protect the health of the women and children in the camp , was criticized by immigrants ' groups and human rights organizations .

Other sales which were planned but would be delayed for various reasons were those of Coalcorp , the former state coal mining operation ; Landcorp , which administered government buildings and land ; and Electricorp , which operated the power stations and the national grid .
other sales which were planned but would be delayed for various reasons were those of coalcorp , the former state coal mining [use] ; landcorp , which administered government buildings and land ; and electricorp , which operated the power stations and the national grid .

The New Zealand Forest Corporation had been highly successful in its three years of operation .
the new zealand forest corporation had been highly successful in its three years of [use] .

The `` Paris Club `` of industrialized creditor countries would write down rescheduled debt by two-thirds instead of one-third ; they would deal with the total debt of an eligible country in one operation instead of in one-year maturities ; interest payments would be capitalized for the first five years of rescheduling , with debt repayments linked to the debtor nation 's export capacity ; and the repayment period would be extended from 14 to 25 years .
the `` paris club `` of industrialized creditor countries would write down rescheduled debt by two-thirds instead of one-third ; they would deal with the total debt of an eligible country in one [use] instead of in one-year maturities ; interest payments would be capitalized for the first five years of rescheduling , with debt repayments linked to the debtor nation 's export capacity ; and the repayment period would be extended from 14 to 25 years .

Police announced on Dec. 13 that they had arrested 600 suspected Islamic activists in a six-day operation centred on Cairo 's Imbaba quarter and involving some 14,000 paramilitary troops and police officers .
police announced on dec. 13 that they had arrested 600 suspected islamic activists in a six-day [use] centred on cairo 's imbaba quarter and involving some 14,000 paramilitary troops and police officers .

The first comprehensive law against the 90,000-strong yakuza — criminal syndicates — went into operation on March 1 .
the first comprehensive law against the 90,000-strong yakuza — criminal syndicates — went into [use] on march 1 .

The arrests of 26 people in Palermo , Milan and Modena on March 18 came as part of a police operation to break up what was alleged to be a network operated by the Sicilian Mafia .
the arrests of 26 people in palermo , milan and modena on march 18 came as part of a police [use] to break up what was alleged to be a network operated by the sicilian mafia .

Swiss , French , Danish , Russian Belgian and Greek relief teams assisted in searching in the rubble or providing medical assistance , in an emergency operation co-ordinated by the Council of Europe .
swiss , french , danish , russian belgian and greek relief teams assisted in searching in the rubble or providing medical assistance , in an emergency [use] co-ordinated by the council of europe .

The sanctions anticipated for April 15 included ( i ) the denial of airport facilities to any aircraft flying to or from Libya , except in cases of urgent humanitarian need ; ( ii ) the withholding of aircraft insurance or maintenance services , aircraft and aircraft components from Libya ; ( iii ) the withholding of any kind of arms , military equipment or paramilitary police equipment ; ( iv ) the withdrawal of any military advisers currently advising the Libyan authorities ; ( v ) significant reductions in staff levels at diplomatic missions in Libya ; ( iv ) moves to `` prevent the operation `` of Libyan Arab Airlines ; and ( vii ) the denial of entry , or expulsion , of Libyans expelled or excluded from other states due to their `` terrorist activities `` .
the sanctions anticipated for april 15 included ( i ) the denial of airport facilities to any aircraft flying to or from libya , except in cases of urgent humanitarian need ; ( ii ) the withholding of aircraft insurance or maintenance services , aircraft and aircraft components from libya ; ( iii ) the withholding of any kind of arms , military equipment or paramilitary police equipment ; ( iv ) the withdrawal of any military advisers currently advising the libyan authorities ; ( v ) significant reductions in staff levels at diplomatic missions in libya ; ( iv ) moves to `` prevent the [use] `` of libyan arab airlines ; and ( vii ) the denial of entry , or expulsion , of libyans expelled or excluded from other states due to their `` terrorist activities `` .

The ( unnamed ) organization responsible for the conspiracy was said to be directed by a committee of 75 members , and there were also allegations of plans to mount a money-laundering operation .
the ( unnamed ) organization responsible for the conspiracy was said to be directed by a committee of 75 members , and there were also allegations of plans to mount a money-laundering [use] .

Extension of army operation in Sind
extension of army [use] in sind

The extension until January of the army operation in Sind [ see pp .
the extension until january of the army [use] in sind [ see pp .

Under preparation for three years , the bill set up the framework for the legal operation of private radio and television stations and for an independent public broadcasting system .
under preparation for three years , the bill set up the framework for the legal [use] of private radio and television stations and for an independent public broadcasting system .

Personnel of the Operation Life-Line Sudan programme had on March 31 been forced by fighting to leave Bor for the second time in two weeks , although some 6,000 malnourished children were being fed from that distribution point .
personnel of the [use] life-line sudan programme had on march 31 been forced by fighting to leave bor for the second time in two weeks , although some 6,000 malnourished children were being fed from that distribution point .

As the Supreme Court began its deliberations on the Pennsylvanian legislation , an extreme anti-abortionist group , Operation Rescue , held a mass picket of an abortion clinic in Buffalo , New York .
as the supreme court began its deliberations on the pennsylvanian legislation , an extreme anti-abortionist group , [use] rescue , held a mass picket of an abortion clinic in buffalo , new york .

Operation Rescue had been involved in mass pickets of abortion clinics in Wichita , Kansas , in mid-1991 [ see p. 38383 ] .
[use] rescue had been involved in mass pickets of abortion clinics in wichita , kansas , in mid-1991 [ see p. 38383 ] .

Operation against Dev Sol — Violence in south-east
[use] against dev sol — violence in south-east

The police said that the operation followed a tip-off from a rival Dev Sol leader , Dursun Karatas .
the police said that the [use] followed a tip-off from a rival dev sol leader , dursun karatas .

Criticism of famine relief operation — Regional reorganization
criticism of famine relief [use] — regional reorganization

Chalker said , however , that the Sudanese government was evading its responsibilities in the organization of the relief operation .
chalker said , however , that the sudanese government was evading its responsibilities in the organization of the relief [use] .

In a year-long `` sting `` operation by state authorities , an agent had posed as a casino owner in Las Vegas , Nevada , seeking to extend his empire into Arizona .
in a year-long `` sting `` [use] by state authorities , an agent had posed as a casino owner in las vegas , nevada , seeking to extend his empire into arizona .

Some reports claimed that the Khmers Rouges had used tanks in an operation around Pailin .
some reports claimed that the khmers rouges had used tanks in an [use] around pailin .

Relations with Zimbabwe continued to improve , with Banda invited as guest of honour to Zimbabwe 's 10th anniversary celebrations in early 1990 , and continued operation of the joint co-operation commission between the two countries .
relations with zimbabwe continued to improve , with banda invited as guest of honour to zimbabwe 's 10th anniversary celebrations in early 1990 , and continued [use] of the joint co-operation commission between the two countries .

On Aug. 1 , a Central Bank began operation , but the authorities said they did not intend to introduce an independent currency to replace the South African Rand until 1992 .
on aug. 1 , a central bank began [use] , but the authorities said they did not intend to introduce an independent currency to replace the south african rand until 1992 .

First , state planning and regulation of the economy inhibit its efficient operation by distorting market forces .
first , state planning and regulation of the economy inhibit its efficient [use] by distorting market forces .

One example might be the political decision taken in January 1991 that no one must wait longer than two years for an operation by April 1992 , irrespective of clinical need .
one example might be the political decision taken in january 1991 that no one must wait longer than two years for an [use] by april 1992 , irrespective of clinical need .

The second year of operation of the Napier Enterprise Centre has seen the activities of the Centre making a real impact on staff and students of the University .
the second year of [use] of the napier enterprise centre has seen the activities of the centre making a real impact on staff and students of the university .

a revision of the guidelines and the current operation of the Development Fund ;
a revision of the guidelines and the current [use] of the development fund ;

Great questions such as the way in which buildings may be rehabilitated , or private and council landlords forced to meet basic standards of health and safety within their properties , have been largely pushed into the field of what has been designated `` Housing Law `` , the latter being less concerned with providing a framework for operation than a means for intervening on behalf of the more vulnerable members in society .
great questions such as the way in which buildings may be rehabilitated , or private and council landlords forced to meet basic standards of health and safety within their properties , have been largely pushed into the field of what has been designated `` housing law `` , the latter being less concerned with providing a framework for [use] than a means for intervening on behalf of the more vulnerable members in society .

( 5 ) This section does not apply in relation to — ( a ) a contract to grant such lease as is mentioned in section 54(2) of the Law of Property Act 1925 ( short leases ) ; ( b ) a contract made in the course of a public auction ; or ( c ) a contract regulated under the Financial Services Act 1986 ; and nothing in this section affects the creation or operation of resulting , implied or constructive trusts .
( 5 ) this section does not apply in relation to — ( a ) a contract to grant such lease as is mentioned in section 54(2) of the law of property act 1925 ( short leases ) ; ( b ) a contract made in the course of a public auction ; or ( c ) a contract regulated under the financial services act 1986 ; and nothing in this section affects the creation or [use] of resulting , implied or constructive trusts .

( 2 ) This section does not apply to — ( a ) assents by a personal representative ; ( b ) disclaimers made in accordance with section 54 of the bankruptcy Act 1914 or not required to be evidenced in writing ; ( c ) surrenders by operation of law , including surrenders which may , by law , be effected without writing ; ( d ) leases or tenancies or other assurances not required by law to be made in writing ; ( e ) receipts not required by law to be under seal ; ( f ) vesting orders of the court or other competent authority ; ( g ) conveyances taking effect by operation of law .
( 2 ) this section does not apply to — ( a ) assents by a personal representative ; ( b ) disclaimers made in accordance with section 54 of the bankruptcy act 1914 or not required to be evidenced in writing ; ( c ) surrenders by [use] of law , including surrenders which may , by law , be effected without writing ; ( d ) leases or tenancies or other assurances not required by law to be made in writing ; ( e ) receipts not required by law to be under seal ; ( f ) vesting orders of the court or other competent authority ; ( g ) conveyances taking effect by [use] of law .

205(1) ( xxvii ) " Term of years absolute " means a term of years ( taking effect either in possession or in reversion whether or not at a rent ) with or without impeachment for waste , subject or not to another legal estate , and either certain or liable to determination by notice , re-entry , operation of law , or by a provision for cesser on redemption , or in any other event ( other than the dropping of a life , or the determination of a determinable life interest ) ; but does not include any term of years determinable with life or lives or with the cesser of a determinable life interest , nor , if created after the commencement of this Act , a term of years which is not expressed to take <pb n=80 effect in possession within twenty-one years after the creation thereof where required by this Act to take effect within that period ; and in this definition the expression " term of years " includes a term for less than a year , or for a year or years and a fraction of a year or from year to year …
205(1) ( xxvii ) " term of years absolute " means a term of years ( taking effect either in possession or in reversion whether or not at a rent ) with or without impeachment for waste , subject or not to another legal estate , and either certain or liable to determination by notice , re-entry , [use] of law , or by a provision for cesser on redemption , or in any other event ( other than the dropping of a life , or the determination of a determinable life interest ) ; but does not include any term of years determinable with life or lives or with the cesser of a determinable life interest , nor , if created after the commencement of this act , a term of years which is not expressed to take <pb n=80 effect in possession within twenty-one years after the creation thereof where required by this act to take effect within that period ; and in this definition the expression " term of years " includes a term for less than a year , or for a year or years and a fraction of a year or from year to year …

For example , a surgeon may justifiably run the risk of killing the patient if the operation is necessary to save life , whereas employers may not take a substantial risk with the lives of their workers in order to increase profits .
for example , a surgeon may justifiably run the risk of killing the patient if the [use] is necessary to save life , whereas employers may not take a substantial risk with the lives of their workers in order to increase profits .

‘ One hundred per cent caring ’ is how proprietress , with her husband Steve , of the 16-bedroom Hallery House Hotel ( a Victorian , listed house in Cheltenham Spa ) described their operation . And with a record of ‘ at least 60 per cent repeat business all the year round , including weekends ’ , the have definitely got the hospitality formula right … with just a little help from their friends !
‘ one hundred per cent caring ’ is how proprietress , with her husband steve , of the 16-bedroom hallery house hotel ( a victorian , listed house in cheltenham spa ) described their [use] . and with a record of ‘ at least 60 per cent repeat business all the year round , including weekends ’ , the have definitely got the hospitality formula right … with just a little help from their friends !

Hotel operators will already be familiar with the typewriter or personal computer keyboard ; the latter and the screen-based console are the heart of the system , which has been designed to make operation as simple as possible .
hotel operators will already be familiar with the typewriter or personal computer keyboard ; the latter and the screen-based console are the heart of the system , which has been designed to make [use] as simple as possible .

Suitable for even the smallest operation
suitable for even the smallest [use]

It is British designed and made , and and have just one point of contact , the local installing distributor for every aspect of operation , including training and maintenance .
it is british designed and made , and and have just one point of contact , the local installing distributor for every aspect of [use] , including training and maintenance .

In a short article , it is impossible to spell out everything that a computerised front of house system can provide for a busy hotel such as and 's Hallery House . These are just some of the aspects which they have found particularly useful to their operation :
in a short article , it is impossible to spell out everything that a computerised front of house system can provide for a busy hotel such as and 's hallery house . these are just some of the aspects which they have found particularly useful to their [use] :

The operation of a modern softner
the [use] of a modern softner

In the same period the hotel industry itself became much more international in its scope of operation and a major segmentation of hotel security products occurred .
in the same period the hotel industry itself became much more international in its scope of [use] and a major segmentation of hotel security products occurred .

It is important to provide the hospitality industry with a wide range of products to ensure that each hotel gets the right product for its size , location , local crime level , budget , community standards and method of operation .
it is important to provide the hospitality industry with a wide range of products to ensure that each hotel gets the right product for its size , location , local crime level , budget , community standards and method of [use] .

Any catering operation with its staff spread over a wide area can benefit .
any catering [use] with its staff spread over a wide area can benefit .

Obviously this is achieved by attending to lift stoppages as they occur and not as they are reported and , in addition , the lift monitoring devices record all events affecting the operation of the lift which provides a detailed case history , which in turn leads to speedy and accurate diagnosis and correction .
obviously this is achieved by attending to lift stoppages as they occur and not as they are reported and , in addition , the lift monitoring devices record all events affecting the [use] of the lift which provides a detailed case history , which in turn leads to speedy and accurate diagnosis and correction .

Therefore , after a number of years of operation , regular service and preventative maintenance , it can become increasingly difficult to retain peak performance and preserve the capital value of this expensive asset .
therefore , after a number of years of [use] , regular service and preventative maintenance , it can become increasingly difficult to retain peak performance and preserve the capital value of this expensive asset .

As these works are carried out whilst the hotel is occupied and operation , it requires a flexible approach to the work and very close co-operation with the hotel and their representatives .
as these works are carried out whilst the hotel is occupied and [use] , it requires a flexible approach to the work and very close co-operation with the hotel and their representatives .

To minimise any impact on the hotel operation during the modernisation of the lifts , it was decided to carry out the work on a lift by lift basis , with each lift being modernised within a 16 week period .
to minimise any impact on the hotel [use] during the modernisation of the lifts , it was decided to carry out the work on a lift by lift basis , with each lift being modernised within a 16 week period .

Unfortunately , the lifts are specified and their operation determined at the time of construction .
unfortunately , the lifts are specified and their [use] determined at the time of construction .

You may already have a good idea , when planning your new kitchen , of the type of operation you want , but unless you have previous experience of designing a kitchen , there could be problems in store .
you may already have a good idea , when planning your new kitchen , of the type of [use] you want , but unless you have previous experience of designing a kitchen , there could be problems in store .

It is important to prioritize and target areas which reflect on the key areas of the operation .
it is important to prioritize and target areas which reflect on the key areas of the [use] .

Remember that the staff are the key part of any operation , and if they are being prevented from doing their best because of the poor standards of their tools , then the business will suffer overall .
remember that the staff are the key part of any [use] , and if they are being prevented from doing their best because of the poor standards of their tools , then the business will suffer overall .

The increasing part played by high technology in the manufacture and operation of cookers and ranges , enables the chef to have his cake and eat it .
the increasing part played by high technology in the manufacture and [use] of cookers and ranges , enables the chef to have his cake and eat it .

In high volume kitchens , where continuous cooking is in operation , the use of a cooking tunnel can be the key to efficiency .
in high volume kitchens , where continuous cooking is in [use] , the use of a cooking tunnel can be the key to efficiency .

However , statutory duties have a limited sphere of operation .
however , statutory duties have a limited sphere of [use] .

On the facts , a safe system had been devised but when the operation of the system was delegated to the other company it was not operated properly .
on the facts , a safe system had been devised but when the [use] of the system was delegated to the other company it was not operated properly .

The plaintiff suffered a trapped nerve after a hernia operation .
the plaintiff suffered a trapped nerve after a hernia [use] .

She consulted the defendant specialist who performed an operation to free the trapped nerve .
she consulted the defendant specialist who performed an [use] to free the trapped nerve .

As a result of the operation , the plaintiff lost all feeling in her leg .
as a result of the [use] , the plaintiff lost all feeling in her leg .

She sued the plaintiff in battery , on the ground that she had not truly consented to the operation , as its effect had not been properly explained to her .
she sued the plaintiff in battery , on the ground that she had not truly consented to the [use] , as its effect had not been properly explained to her .

Lord Brandon stated that an operation or treatment would be in the patient 's best interests if it was carried out to save the patient 's life , ensure improvement , or prevent physical or mental deterioration .
lord brandon stated that an [use] or treatment would be in the patient 's best interests if it was carried out to save the patient 's life , ensure improvement , or prevent physical or mental deterioration .

The plaintiff claimed damage to the vocal chords as a result of the operation .
the plaintiff claimed damage to the vocal chords as a result of the [use] .

These successes encouraged de Gaulle to press ahead with a more ambitious operation , which he had proposed to Churchill a month earlier .
these successes encouraged de gaulle to press ahead with a more ambitious [use] , which he had proposed to churchill a month earlier .

With Churchill 's prodding , the British Chiefs-of-Staff had agreed to participate in the operation , albeit in modified form , and on 31 August an Anglo-Free French expedition set out from Liverpool .
with churchill 's prodding , the british chiefs-of-staff had agreed to participate in the [use] , albeit in modified form , and on 31 august an anglo-free french expedition set out from liverpool .

From the beginning , however , the operation was dogged by mistakes and misfortunes .
from the beginning , however , the [use] was dogged by mistakes and misfortunes .

Again the British at first dragged their feet , but eventually decided to launch an operation , this time without any Free French participation whatsoever .
again the british at first dragged their feet , but eventually decided to launch an [use] , this time without any free french participation whatsoever .

Once the operation had begun , the pattern of the Middle East crisis was repeated .
once the [use] had begun , the pattern of the middle east crisis was repeated .

Operation Torch — the American invasion of French North Africa in November 1942 — was the culmination of Allied attempts to exclude de Gaulle and to promote a viable alternative to Gaullism .
[use] torch — the american invasion of french north africa in november 1942 — was the culmination of allied attempts to exclude de gaulle and to promote a viable alternative to gaullism .

At that point , de Gaulle assumed that Giraud would play a purely military role in the operation and he had no inkling that Darlan would become involved in it .
at that point , de gaulle assumed that giraud would play a purely military role in the [use] and he had no inkling that darlan would become involved in it .

In advance of the operation , the Americans had assumed that Giraud 's prestige in French North Africa would clear the way to a rapid ceasefire .
in advance of the [use] , the americans had assumed that giraud 's prestige in french north africa would clear the way to a rapid ceasefire .

Operation Resurrection , as it was called , was first mooted in the immediate aftermath of 13 May .
[use] resurrection , as it was called , was first mooted in the immediate aftermath of 13 may .

As early as 18 May , one of the leading Gaullist conspirators , Michel Debré , was informed by a high-ranking officer that the operation was ready for launching whenever the General gave the signal that his return to power `` by legal means `` had been blocked .
as early as 18 may , one of the leading gaullist conspirators , michel debré , was informed by a high-ranking officer that the [use] was ready for launching whenever the general gave the signal that his return to power `` by legal means `` had been blocked .

However , the officer also warned that the army 's deadline was the end of the month and that , if de Gaulle did not respond to its appeal , the army would go ahead with Operation Resurrection nonetheless .
however , the officer also warned that the army 's deadline was the end of the month and that , if de gaulle did not respond to its appeal , the army would go ahead with [use] resurrection nonetheless .

Over the next ten days de Gaulle played a very dangerous and difficult game , in which he manipulated the threat of Operation Resurrection without overtly backing or overtly disavowing the army 's plans .
over the next ten days de gaulle played a very dangerous and difficult game , in which he manipulated the threat of [use] resurrection without overtly backing or overtly disavowing the army 's plans .

This interview was one of several direct or indirect communications between de Gaulle and leaders of Operation Resurrection which have been the subject of intense controversy .
this interview was one of several direct or indirect communications between de gaulle and leaders of [use] resurrection which have been the subject of intense controversy .

The issue they raise is charged with the heaviest moral and political overtones : did de Gaulle at any point give the go-ahead for Operation Resurrection ?
the issue they raise is charged with the heaviest moral and political overtones : did de gaulle at any point give the go-ahead for [use] resurrection ?

The evolution of de Gaulle 's Algerian policy will be discussed in the next chapter , but at this point it should be noted that until the summer of 1959 the policy was essentially a holding operation .
the evolution of de gaulle 's algerian policy will be discussed in the next chapter , but at this point it should be noted that until the summer of 1959 the policy was essentially a holding [use] .

It proved to be a long , painful , and frustrating operation , which along the way provoked two serious insurrections against the regime , alienated much of the army , and left behind lifelong resentments .
it proved to be a long , painful , and frustrating [use] , which along the way provoked two serious insurrections against the regime , alienated much of the army , and left behind lifelong resentments .

He was contemptuous towards the United Nations , critical of the operation of the western alliance , and hostile to supranationalist tendencies in Europe ( even though , for pragmatic reasons , he had honoured the Treaty of Rome and taken France into the Common Market ) .
he was contemptuous towards the united nations , critical of the [use] of the western alliance , and hostile to supranationalist tendencies in europe ( even though , for pragmatic reasons , he had honoured the treaty of rome and taken france into the common market ) .

More than any other policy at any other stage in his career , de Gaulle 's foreign policy in the mid-1960s has been comprehensively criticized — in concept , operation , and outcome .
more than any other policy at any other stage in his career , de gaulle 's foreign policy in the mid-1960s has been comprehensively criticized — in concept , [use] , and outcome .

There are theoretical models which suggest that effective markets depend on legal and institutional factors as well as the operation of the price mechanism .
there are theoretical models which suggest that effective markets depend on legal and institutional factors as well as the [use] of the price mechanism .

This body is then charged with providing a general report upon the operation of the industry , and making recommendations for change where the public interest is seen to be compromised .
this body is then charged with providing a general report upon the [use] of the industry , and making recommendations for change where the public interest is seen to be compromised .

Article 85 is concerned with the operation of restrictive practices , where they affect trade between member states .
article 85 is concerned with the [use] of restrictive practices , where they affect trade between member states .

In particular the deterrent effect is weak since the penalties for operating an illegal cartel are inadequate , and the Director General of Fair Trading has few powers to intervene and initiate investigations in situations where there is a suspicion that a secret cartel is in operation .
in particular the deterrent effect is weak since the penalties for operating an illegal cartel are inadequate , and the director general of fair trading has few powers to intervene and initiate investigations in situations where there is a suspicion that a secret cartel is in [use] .

However , in the case of mergers there are no official proposals to change the orientation of policy , despite the concerns which have been expressed about the operation of present policy .
however , in the case of mergers there are no official proposals to change the orientation of policy , despite the concerns which have been expressed about the [use] of present policy .

In the section on the economic rationale for intervention , it was demonstrated that a lessening of competitive pressures through increased monopolisation or the operation of restrictive practices , could lead to resource misallocation and a consequent reduction in economic welfare .
in the section on the economic rationale for intervention , it was demonstrated that a lessening of competitive pressures through increased monopolisation or the [use] of restrictive practices , could lead to resource misallocation and a consequent reduction in economic welfare .

It is difficult to know how far they were a significant deterrent to claiming relief , but over the long term there is little to suggest that any parish maintained the lowering of its poor rate which sometimes accompanied the initial operation of a workhouse .
it is difficult to know how far they were a significant deterrent to claiming relief , but over the long term there is little to suggest that any parish maintained the lowering of its poor rate which sometimes accompanied the initial [use] of a workhouse .

It does not extend to any computer program used in the making or operation of the database , though the distinction between program and system for obtaining or presenting information will be difficult to draw , particularly in the context of fourth-generation language databases .
it does not extend to any computer program used in the making or [use] of the database , though the distinction between program and system for obtaining or presenting information will be difficult to draw , particularly in the context of fourth-generation language databases .

It is given statutory recognition in the Copyright , Designs and Patents Act 1988 , section 171 of which states : nothing in this Part [ the part dealing with copyright ] affects … the operation of any rule of equity relating to breaches of trust or confidence
it is given statutory recognition in the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 , section 171 of which states : nothing in this part [ the part dealing with copyright ] affects … the [use] of any rule of equity relating to breaches of trust or confidence

In Malone v Metropolitan Police Commissioner [ 1979 ] information overheard during an authorized telephone tapping operation by the police was not disclosed in confidence .
in malone v metropolitan police commissioner [ 1979 ] information overheard during an authorized telephone tapping [use] by the police was not disclosed in confidence .

The more countries for which patent protection is sought the more expensive the operation becomes but the expense may be worthwhile if it is intended to exploit the invention internationally .
the more countries for which patent protection is sought the more expensive the [use] becomes but the expense may be worthwhile if it is intended to exploit the invention internationally .

It is of concern within the single market since it distorts the operation of the labour market and competitiveness .
it is of concern within the single market since it distorts the [use] of the labour market and competitiveness .

Firstly , to attract bright and enthusiastic people into our operation who we could then train up from scratch , and secondly , to provide a channel for individuals who already have some bakery or catering experience , and for whom our kind of operation could offer the opportunities for management development denied them elsewhere .
firstly , to attract bright and enthusiastic people into our [use] who we could then train up from scratch , and secondly , to provide a channel for individuals who already have some bakery or catering experience , and for whom our kind of [use] could offer the opportunities for management development denied them elsewhere .

After this comes 26 weeks of real training , which starts with basic counter operation and then extends to cover the entire range of bread and confectionery manufacturing processes , as well as the necessities of system management which is an area of growing importance with the increasing computerisation of our operations .
after this comes 26 weeks of real training , which starts with basic counter [use] and then extends to cover the entire range of bread and confectionery manufacturing processes , as well as the necessities of system management which is an area of growing importance with the increasing computerisation of our operations .

The Pizza Piazza operation is based largely in the Home Counties .
the pizza piazza [use] is based largely in the home counties .

The restaurants are designed so that the chefs area provides the focus of the operation for diners .
the restaurants are designed so that the chefs area provides the focus of the [use] for diners .

We are fortunate to have been Grant Aided by the Sports Council for a period of two years , during which time growth must be shown in all areas of our operation .
we are fortunate to have been grant aided by the sports council for a period of two years , during which time growth must be shown in all areas of our [use] .

Molly was a believer in homeopathy and underwent her last operation and subsequent treatment in the Royal London Homeopathic Hospital .
molly was a believer in homeopathy and underwent her last [use] and subsequent treatment in the royal london homeopathic hospital .

It was also good to have Cicely Harris back with us after her hip operation , a model patient it appears who has already been allowed to discard her crutches in favour of one stick .
it was also good to have cicely harris back with us after her hip [use] , a model patient it appears who has already been allowed to discard her crutches in favour of one stick .

Granted the potential meaning of to postulated above , these two general categories provide a clear illustration of Guillaume 's principle ( 1984 : 134 – 5 ) that actualizing a potential meaning is an operation of thought which takes place while the speaker is mentally constructing a sentence and which he intercepts when he has found the representation which he feels as adequate for what he wants to express .
granted the potential meaning of to postulated above , these two general categories provide a clear illustration of guillaume 's principle ( 1984 : 134 – 5 ) that actualizing a potential meaning is an [use] of thought which takes place while the speaker is mentally constructing a sentence and which he intercepts when he has found the representation which he feels as adequate for what he wants to express .

Accounting for the use of this form in any context will always imply relating the particular meaning actualized in the context to the permanent potential significate postulated for it in tongue , and will consequently involve : ( 1 ) showing that the common denominator of a before/after sequence is present ( the constant element evoked by to ) , and ( 2 ) showing how the speaker has fit the particular experience he is talking about into this potential by intercepting the operation of actualizing it at the appropriate moment ( the variable element expressed by to ) .
accounting for the use of this form in any context will always imply relating the particular meaning actualized in the context to the permanent potential significate postulated for it in tongue , and will consequently involve : ( 1 ) showing that the common denominator of a before/after sequence is present ( the constant element evoked by to ) , and ( 2 ) showing how the speaker has fit the particular experience he is talking about into this potential by intercepting the [use] of actualizing it at the appropriate moment ( the variable element expressed by to ) .

In both cases however the infinitive evokes a result — something therefore which is conceived as coming after the actual operation of perception .
in both cases however the infinitive evokes a result — something therefore which is conceived as coming after the actual [use] of perception .

The passive evokes perception resultatively and not operationally and calls for a representation of the phenomenon perceived as a fact , the knowledge and assertion of which is a consequence of perception having taken place , rather than as something which is followed instant-by-instant by means of the operation of the sense faculties .
the passive evokes perception resultatively and not operationally and calls for a representation of the phenomenon perceived as a fact , the knowledge and assertion of which is a consequence of perception having taken place , rather than as something which is followed instant-by-instant by means of the [use] of the sense faculties .

This obviously produces an impression which is quite similar to the more dominant `` be aware `` sense — that of the subject as possessing knowledge — the only difference being that the perfective explicitly evokes this knowledge as the result of the operation of obtaining it .
this obviously produces an impression which is quite similar to the more dominant `` be aware `` sense — that of the subject as possessing knowledge — the only difference being that the perfective explicitly evokes this knowledge as the result of the [use] of obtaining it .

Thus even though know has the operative sense in this use , the operation of obtaining knowledge is seen merely as the condition for predicating the infinitive 's event of the direct object .
thus even though know has the operative sense in this use , the [use] of obtaining knowledge is seen merely as the condition for predicating the infinitive 's event of the direct object .

Commenting on ( 167a ) and ( 167b ) , he observes that only oblige can be followed by a `` resultative structure `` , whereas make `` supposes a concomitance between causation and the actualization of the effect being caused , which forces the latter to refer to the operation itself rather than to the state which results from it `` .
commenting on ( 167a ) and ( 167b ) , he observes that only oblige can be followed by a `` resultative structure `` , whereas make `` supposes a concomitance between causation and the actualization of the effect being caused , which forces the latter to refer to the [use] itself rather than to the state which results from it `` .

To test this interpretation , one might suppress the to before the infinitive ; differ would then evoke , not the resulting state , but the operation leading to the result ( i.e .
to test this interpretation , one might suppress the to before the infinitive ; differ would then evoke , not the resulting state , but the [use] leading to the result ( i.e .

become different ) , an operation whose locus in time coincides with that of make .
become different ) , an [use] whose locus in time coincides with that of make .

Since the infinitive evokes the effect , to represent it as a mere result produced on the patient implies representing it as coming after the operation of producing this effect ( = the making ) , whence the use of to to express the before/after relationship between the two events .
since the infinitive evokes the effect , to represent it as a mere result produced on the patient implies representing it as coming after the [use] of producing this effect ( = the making ) , whence the use of to to express the before/after relationship between the two events .

The role of the preposition has been described in the following way : The preposition can therefore be quite accurately defined as the type of word which is already predestined in tongue to intervene in discourse between two words separated by an interval which is not covered by a mechanism of incidence in operation … It is the type of word that comes into play whenever the mechanism of incidence between two parts of the sentence is left in abeyance .
the role of the preposition has been described in the following way : the preposition can therefore be quite accurately defined as the type of word which is already predestined in tongue to intervene in discourse between two words separated by an interval which is not covered by a mechanism of incidence in [use] … it is the type of word that comes into play whenever the mechanism of incidence between two parts of the sentence is left in abeyance .

The eighteenth century performed the greatest rescue operation for forgotten civilizations humanity had ever witnessed .
the eighteenth century performed the greatest rescue [use] for forgotten civilizations humanity had ever witnessed .

19.27 ) , which was clearly in operation at the time of Jeremiah ( Jer .
19.27 ) , which was clearly in [use] at the time of jeremiah ( jer .

The three old miners considered that it was intended to carry out this operation a little before the smelt houses `` left off `` and of course they left off by persuasion of the Parliamentary forces , violent or otherwise .
the three old miners considered that it was intended to carry out this [use] a little before the smelt houses `` left off `` and of course they left off by persuasion of the parliamentary forces , violent or otherwise .

For a drainage level to come in at this depth would have required some 600 ft. of tunnelling and of course , since the art of blasting was not yet introduced , it would have been a protracted and costly operation .
for a drainage level to come in at this depth would have required some 600 ft. of tunnelling and of course , since the art of blasting was not yet introduced , it would have been a protracted and costly [use] .

This makes a grand total of 1,031 tons 14 cwts. for those first 12 years operation .
this makes a grand total of 1,031 tons 14 cwts. for those first 12 years [use] .

The small operation at `` Hartriggs `` ( see `` Haggrieg 's Mine at Hawk Rigg `` page 91 in the Field Guide ) , was providing a `` rich liver coloured ore `` ( cuprite ? )
the small [use] at `` hartriggs `` ( see `` haggrieg 's mine at hawk rigg `` page 91 in the field guide ) , was providing a `` rich liver coloured ore `` ( cuprite ? )

An account to substantiate his claims showed that there had indeed been a great output with £8,000 paid in Royalty over the last 17 years of operation .
an account to substantiate his claims showed that there had indeed been a great output with £8,000 paid in royalty over the last 17 years of [use] .

The next operation would have been tubbing ( or jigging ) , The stamped ore was shovelled onto wooden trays with sieve bottoms , and equipped with handles , and these were agitated by hand in large tubs of water with an up-and-down motion .
the next [use] would have been tubbing ( or jigging ) , the stamped ore was shovelled onto wooden trays with sieve bottoms , and equipped with handles , and these were agitated by hand in large tubs of water with an up-and-down motion .

Over dinner Fielding explained to me about the lucrative contingencies of pornography , the pandemonium of Forty-Second Street , the Boylesk dealerships on Seventh Avenue with their prodigies of chickens and chains , the Malibu circuit with the crews splashing through the set at dusk for the last degrees of heft and twang and purchase from the beached male lead on the motel floor , the soft proliferations of soft core in worldwide cable and network and its careful codes of airbrush and dick-wipe , the stupendous aberrations of Germany and Japan , the perversion-targeting in video mail-order , the mob snuff-movie operation conceived in Mexico City and dying in the Five Boroughs .
over dinner fielding explained to me about the lucrative contingencies of pornography , the pandemonium of forty-second street , the boylesk dealerships on seventh avenue with their prodigies of chickens and chains , the malibu circuit with the crews splashing through the set at dusk for the last degrees of heft and twang and purchase from the beached male lead on the motel floor , the soft proliferations of soft core in worldwide cable and network and its careful codes of airbrush and dick-wipe , the stupendous aberrations of germany and japan , the perversion-targeting in video mail-order , the mob snuff-movie [use] conceived in mexico city and dying in the five boroughs .

Whole hilling , second operation … 26
whole hilling , second [use] … 26

Getting these filled was like a military operation , the grown-ups with large baskets of food , children clutching buckets and spades , bottles of lemonade and a few pence pocket money to buy ice cream and other seaside delights .
getting these filled was like a military [use] , the grown-ups with large baskets of food , children clutching buckets and spades , bottles of lemonade and a few pence pocket money to buy ice cream and other seaside delights .

This formidable operation was well planned and ably conducted , but it was helped to a large extent by the widespread resentment which Theodore 's policy had engendered .
this formidable [use] was well planned and ably conducted , but it was helped to a large extent by the widespread resentment which theodore 's policy had engendered .

If these measures do n't work then the squint will have to be corrected by an operation to straighten the eyes by altering the position of the muscles that pull them round .
if these measures do n't work then the squint will have to be corrected by an [use] to straighten the eyes by altering the position of the muscles that pull them round .

If the squint is the result of paralysis or an imbalance of the muscles , an operation is essential .
if the squint is the result of paralysis or an imbalance of the muscles , an [use] is essential .

There are others who can see only the broad view and the general thrust of an operation .
there are others who can see only the broad view and the general thrust of an [use] .

The main thrust of the operation has not been internalised or understood .
the main thrust of the [use] has not been internalised or understood .

The success of the operation depends on how effective the communication system ( symbolised by the signposts ) is and how the new channel compares to the old one in terms of convenience .
the success of the [use] depends on how effective the communication system ( symbolised by the signposts ) is and how the new channel compares to the old one in terms of convenience .

It is a matter of having to move in and out of detail as part of the general operation of thinking .
it is a matter of having to move in and out of detail as part of the general [use] of thinking .

When the plant came on stream the initial sales would start reducing the net outflow of funds which is why the maintenance cost of the operation is not shown as a straight line .
when the plant came on stream the initial sales would start reducing the net outflow of funds which is why the maintenance cost of the [use] is not shown as a straight line .

The investment required to get a small share of a market may not be very large ( in some markets ) but a great deal more investment is then required to increase this market share to the point where it is large enough to support the operation .
the investment required to get a small share of a market may not be very large ( in some markets ) but a great deal more investment is then required to increase this market share to the point where it is large enough to support the [use] .

No operation scar , no tattoo marks . ``
no [use] scar , no tattoo marks . ``

This operation is another Lewis tradition called the Rona Annual .
this [use] is another lewis tradition called the rona annual .

It was obvious at the time that this was not the first operation of its kind .
it was obvious at the time that this was not the first [use] of its kind .

Another notable seizure made by Vigilant was as a result of an operation in 1969 , initiated by the Investigation Branch who had been tipped off by their Dutch colleagues that a suspected smuggling vessel had left Flushing bound for the Kent coast .
another notable seizure made by vigilant was as a result of an [use] in 1969 , initiated by the investigation branch who had been tipped off by their dutch colleagues that a suspected smuggling vessel had left flushing bound for the kent coast .

One of the earliest instances of this type of combined operation between the cutters and our Investigation Branch involved Venturous with Phil Andrews in command .
one of the earliest instances of this type of combined [use] between the cutters and our investigation branch involved venturous with phil andrews in command .

As Glisseuse emerged from the Swale channel at the Queenborough end , she was picked up by Vigilant and followed to the upper reaches of the Medway while Venturous made all speed round the outside of Sheppey to catch up on the operation which was now well under control .
as glisseuse emerged from the swale channel at the queenborough end , she was picked up by vigilant and followed to the upper reaches of the medway while venturous made all speed round the outside of sheppey to catch up on the [use] which was now well under control .

Eventually the yacht 's crew was arrested near Bristol and we unloaded the yacht in their absence , taking off twenty four cases of whisky during a hilarious evening operation involving our respective motor boats to ferry the goods back to Poole Quay .
eventually the yacht 's crew was arrested near bristol and we unloaded the yacht in their absence , taking off twenty four cases of whisky during a hilarious evening [use] involving our respective motor boats to ferry the goods back to poole quay .

An example of this was a long shadowing operation carried out jointly by Venturous and Valiant which started in the Thames and finished in Southern Ireland .
an example of this was a long shadowing [use] carried out jointly by venturous and valiant which started in the thames and finished in southern ireland .

It was part of my planning to use this day to catch up with the vast mound of paperwork , documentation of seizures and reports , which always accumulates after a successful revenue operation .
it was part of my planning to use this day to catch up with the vast mound of paperwork , documentation of seizures and reports , which always accumulates after a successful revenue [use] .

When this operation was completed our shore unit moved in to seize a total of 196 kilos of cannabis which in those days was worth well over £300,000 , while Alert intercepted Cornish Lady before she was able to escape .
when this [use] was completed our shore unit moved in to seize a total of 196 kilos of cannabis which in those days was worth well over £300,000 , while alert intercepted cornish lady before she was able to escape .

Operation Cyril One of our biggest successes against the rapidly growing menace of drug smuggling with the new cutter fleet was code-named Cyril .
[use] cyril one of our biggest successes against the rapidly growing menace of drug smuggling with the new cutter fleet was code-named cyril .

As every new discovery was made it was evident that with Operation Cyril a gang of really organised and astute professional smugglers had been broken . ``
as every new discovery was made it was evident that with [use] cyril a gang of really organised and astute professional smugglers had been broken . ``

Operation Yashmak
[use] yashmak

On the night of the operation two hundred police and customs officers were hiding on the holiday beach at Anglesey when a rubber dinghy from Eloise nudged into the sand .
on the night of the [use] two hundred police and customs officers were hiding on the holiday beach at anglesey when a rubber dinghy from eloise nudged into the sand .

This was a particularly successful operation .
this was a particularly successful [use] .

We have had very good co-operation with the police in this widespread operation .
we have had very good co-operation with the police in this widespread [use] .

The original operation had been performed a median of four years ( range 1–14 years ) before this study .
the original [use] had been performed a median of four years ( range 1–14 years ) before this study .

At seven days after operation , a rudimentary lumen lined by a simple columnar epithelium was found , while by 14 days crypts , villi , and at least two small bowel epithelial cell lineages were present .
at seven days after [use] , a rudimentary lumen lined by a simple columnar epithelium was found , while by 14 days crypts , villi , and at least two small bowel epithelial cell lineages were present .

Under direct vision of the oesophagogastric junction and simultaneous manometric measurements , it is possible to observe a very similar correlation among the location of the lower oesophageal sphincter measured before operation with the values measured during surgery and under a direct observation .
under direct vision of the oesophagogastric junction and simultaneous manometric measurements , it is possible to observe a very similar correlation among the location of the lower oesophageal sphincter measured before [use] with the values measured during surgery and under a direct observation .

The likelihood of such a recurrence can be reduced by combining the operation with devascularisation of the upper stomach , although prolonged surgery may be undesirable in these patients .
the likelihood of such a recurrence can be reduced by combining the [use] with devascularisation of the upper stomach , although prolonged surgery may be undesirable in these patients .

Before operation , the rats were fasted for 18 hours with free access to water and then anaesthetised with pentobarbital ( 60 mg/kg , intraperitoneally ) .
before [use] , the rats were fasted for 18 hours with free access to water and then anaesthetised with pentobarbital ( 60 mg/kg , intraperitoneally ) .

Technical failures due to anaesthetic deaths , death due to haemorrhage during operation , or leakage from the stomach meant that a number of animals did not yield usable data .
technical failures due to anaesthetic deaths , death due to haemorrhage during [use] , or leakage from the stomach meant that a number of animals did not yield usable data .

Male Sprague-Dawley rats ( weight range 200–300 g ) were fasted overnight before operation .
male sprague-dawley rats ( weight range 200–300 g ) were fasted overnight before [use] .

Samples at regular intervals in the embalming of 25 subjects , designed to replicate varying levels of embalming operation , were taken and , coupled with sophisticated statistical tests , produced clear cut results .
samples at regular intervals in the embalming of 25 subjects , designed to replicate varying levels of embalming [use] , were taken and , coupled with sophisticated statistical tests , produced clear cut results .

To rule out the possible influence of intraperitoneal sequelae of the operation , only animals with no or slight adhesions in the area of the operation were included .
to rule out the possible influence of intraperitoneal sequelae of the [use] , only animals with no or slight adhesions in the area of the [use] were included .

This study was to examine whether ‘ fit ’ patients over the age of 50 who require elective surgery for ulcerative colitis are suitable candidates for restorative proctocolectomy , providing that they are continent berore operation and that the anal sphincter is preserved in its entirety without stripping of the mucosa or endoanal anastomosis .
this study was to examine whether ‘ fit ’ patients over the age of 50 who require elective surgery for ulcerative colitis are suitable candidates for restorative proctocolectomy , providing that they are continent berore [use] and that the anal sphincter is preserved in its entirety without stripping of the mucosa or endoanal anastomosis .

We showed previously that two factors were of critical importance if a good clinical result were to be achieved after restorative proctocolectomy : firstly , the pelvic reservoir should be capacious and compliant and should empty well ; secondly , the anal sphincter must be strong both before and after operation .
we showed previously that two factors were of critical importance if a good clinical result were to be achieved after restorative proctocolectomy : firstly , the pelvic reservoir should be capacious and compliant and should empty well ; secondly , the anal sphincter must be strong both before and after [use] .

The second objective was best served , in our experience , by leaving the anal sphincter intact at operation without any stripping of anorectal mucosa and without endoanal anastomosis .
the second objective was best served , in our experience , by leaving the anal sphincter intact at [use] without any stripping of anorectal mucosa and without endoanal anastomosis .

Each patient underwent studies of anal sphincteric function before operation and a median of 12 months ( range 3–24 months ) after operation .
each patient underwent studies of anal sphincteric function before [use] and a median of 12 months ( range 3–24 months ) after [use] .

This assessment took the form of a standard preconstructed quality of life questionnaire that was presented to the patients a median of 12 ( three to 24 ) months after operation .
this assessment took the form of a standard preconstructed quality of life questionnaire that was presented to the patients a median of 12 ( three to 24 ) months after [use] .

All patients routinely underwent clinical assessment of continence before operation .
all patients routinely underwent clinical assessment of continence before [use] .

Figure 3 and 4 show the pressure profiles of the anal sphincter before and after operation in the two groups of patients .
figure 3 and 4 show the pressure profiles of the anal sphincter before and after [use] in the two groups of patients .

The profile of the sphincter after operation did not differ significantly from the profile before operation in either group of patients .
the profile of the sphincter after [use] did not differ significantly from the profile before [use] in either group of patients .

Also , the sphincter pressure profile before operation in patients over 50 did not differ significantly from the profile before operation in patients under 50 : nor did the pressure profiles of the two groups after operation differ significantly .
also , the sphincter pressure profile before [use] in patients over 50 did not differ significantly from the profile before [use] in patients under 50 : nor did the pressure profiles of the two groups after [use] differ significantly .

The thresholds for sensation in the upper , mid , and lower anal canal after operation did not differ significantly from the thresholds for sensation at these sites before operation as determined by mucosal electrosensitivity .
the thresholds for sensation in the upper , mid , and lower anal canal after [use] did not differ significantly from the thresholds for sensation at these sites before [use] as determined by mucosal electrosensitivity .

When sensory thresholds in patients over 50 were compared with sensory thresholds in patients under 50 , no significant difference was found either before or after operation ( Fig 5 ) .
when sensory thresholds in patients over 50 were compared with sensory thresholds in patients under 50 , no significant difference was found either before or after [use] ( fig 5 ) .

The reflex was present in all patients before operation .
the reflex was present in all patients before [use] .

If , despite the urgency and frequency of defecation associated with ulcerative colitis , older patients affirm before operation that they are continent , we believe that they are likely to remain continent after restorative proctocolectomy provided that care is taken not to weaken the sphincter in the course of the operation and that a capacious and compliant rectal substitute is provided .
if , despite the urgency and frequency of defecation associated with ulcerative colitis , older patients affirm before [use] that they are continent , we believe that they are likely to remain continent after restorative proctocolectomy provided that care is taken not to weaken the sphincter in the course of the [use] and that a capacious and compliant rectal substitute is provided .

Hence , if stripping of the anal mucosa with encoanal anastomosis is used in older patients , we think that it is more likely to lead to lower anal pressures and faecal leakage after operation than the technically simpler alternative of end to end anastomosis .
hence , if stripping of the anal mucosa with encoanal anastomosis is used in older patients , we think that it is more likely to lead to lower anal pressures and faecal leakage after [use] than the technically simpler alternative of end to end anastomosis .

The thirty six patients who underwent paired physiological tests of anal motor , sensory , and reflex function before and a median of 12 months after operation were typical of patients who undergo elective restorative proctocolectomy for ulcerative colitis worldwide .
the thirty six patients who underwent paired physiological tests of anal motor , sensory , and reflex function before and a median of 12 months after [use] were typical of patients who undergo elective restorative proctocolectomy for ulcerative colitis worldwide .

Nine patients experienced minor leakage , six of whom were over the age of 50 ; such leakage , however , was of mucus only and of minor degree in five of the six patients , and the sole patient who experienced minor faecal leakage was assessed within six months of operation and has in fact improved after longer follow up .
nine patients experienced minor leakage , six of whom were over the age of 50 ; such leakage , however , was of mucus only and of minor degree in five of the six patients , and the sole patient who experienced minor faecal leakage was assessed within six months of [use] and has in fact improved after longer follow up .

Restorative proctocolectomy is a useful operation for ulcerative colitis , familial adenomatous polyposis , and some diseases where colonic function is severely disturbed .
restorative proctocolectomy is a useful [use] for ulcerative colitis , familial adenomatous polyposis , and some diseases where colonic function is severely disturbed .

The aim of the operation is to ablate the diseased bowel while preserving normal function of the anal sphincter .
the aim of the [use] is to ablate the diseased bowel while preserving normal function of the anal sphincter .

We have used resorative proctocolectomy for nine years , initially with a modest annual operation rate but as confidence has grown and the indications for the operation seemed to have expanded , so the frequency of operation has increased ( 1984 , 4 ; 1985 , 9 ; 1986 , 16 ; 1987 , 21 ; 1988 , 24 ; 1989 , 22 ; 1990 , 24 ; 1991 , 30 ; so far in 1992 , 18 ) .
we have used resorative proctocolectomy for nine years , initially with a modest annual [use] rate but as confidence has grown and the indications for the [use] seemed to have expanded , so the frequency of [use] has increased ( 1984 , 4 ; 1985 , 9 ; 1986 , 16 ; 1987 , 21 ; 1988 , 24 ; 1989 , 22 ; 1990 , 24 ; 1991 , 30 ; so far in 1992 , 18 ) .

Episodes of intestinal obstruction usually occurred in the first year of operation but in seven patients admission to hospital with obstruction occurred after the first 12 months .
episodes of intestinal obstruction usually occurred in the first year of [use] but in seven patients admission to hospital with obstruction occurred after the first 12 months .

Twenty seven fistulas occurred after operation .
twenty seven fistulas occurred after [use] .

Alternatively fistulas have presented later after operation ( n= 14 ) due to unrecognised Crohn 's disease ( n=4 ) , chronic obstruction at the ileoanal anastomosis ( n=3 ) , from a stitch sinus ( n=1 ) , or from possible reactivation of latent cryptoglandular infections ( n=6 ) .
alternatively fistulas have presented later after [use] ( n= 14 ) due to unrecognised crohn 's disease ( n=4 ) , chronic obstruction at the ileoanal anastomosis ( n=3 ) , from a stitch sinus ( n=1 ) , or from possible reactivation of latent cryptoglandular infections ( n=6 ) .

In three patients the pouch was removed because of severe sepsis after operation and in six early excision was necessary because of infarction .
in three patients the pouch was removed because of severe sepsis after [use] and in six early excision was necessary because of infarction .

Half the patients with Crohn 's disease in this series developed fistulas after operation and three have already had their pouch removed .
half the patients with crohn 's disease in this series developed fistulas after [use] and three have already had their pouch removed .

Those with Crohn 's disease who still retain their pouch , however , have a bowel frequency that is only just greater than in those patients having the operation for ulcerative colitis .
those with crohn 's disease who still retain their pouch , however , have a bowel frequency that is only just greater than in those patients having the [use] for ulcerative colitis .

Although a detailed sexual history was not recorded before operation only three of 71 men ( 4 % ) have had any sexual dysfunction after pouch construction .
although a detailed sexual history was not recorded before [use] only three of 71 men ( 4 % ) have had any sexual dysfunction after pouch construction .

Dyspareunia has been troublesome after operation in eight of 97 women ( 8 % ) .
dyspareunia has been troublesome after [use] in eight of 97 women ( 8 % ) .

After nine years exploring a new operation for large bowel disease we considered that it was time to take stock and objectively evaluate the merit of restorative proctocolectomy for ulcerative colitis , familial adenomatous polyposis , and functional bowel disorders .
after nine years exploring a new [use] for large bowel disease we considered that it was time to take stock and objectively evaluate the merit of restorative proctocolectomy for ulcerative colitis , familial adenomatous polyposis , and functional bowel disorders .

Complications after operation have become less prominent with increasing experience , but there is still a failure rate of about 10 % .
complications after [use] have become less prominent with increasing experience , but there is still a failure rate of about 10 % .

Some failures are due to ischaemia , sepsis , and fistulas in the arly period after operation and it is to be hoped that these complications will become less with further experience .
some failures are due to ischaemia , sepsis , and fistulas in the arly period after [use] and it is to be hoped that these complications will become less with further experience .

Half of all the failures are because patients are dissatisfied with the functional results of this operation .
half of all the failures are because patients are dissatisfied with the functional results of this [use] .

Fistulas after operation are a special problem of this operation and seem to be related to a failure to recognise Crohn 's disease , technical problems related to pouch construction and ileoanal anastomosis , or from secondary sepsis .
fistulas after [use] are a special problem of this [use] and seem to be related to a failure to recognise crohn 's disease , technical problems related to pouch construction and ileoanal anastomosis , or from secondary sepsis .

Small bowel obstruction continues to occur after this operation despite increasing experience with the procedure .
small bowel obstruction continues to occur after this [use] despite increasing experience with the procedure .

One important finding from this series has been a failure to identify Crohn 's disease preoperatively , despite thorough radiology , endoscopy , histology from biopsy or colectomy specimens , absence of perianal disease , and apparently normal small bowel at operation .
one important finding from this series has been a failure to identify crohn 's disease preoperatively , despite thorough radiology , endoscopy , histology from biopsy or colectomy specimens , absence of perianal disease , and apparently normal small bowel at [use] .

The low morbidity and excellent functional results of pouch construction with ablation of all colonic disease and the anal mucosa among patients with familial adenomatous polyposis make us believe that this is the operation of choice in most patients for this disease .
the low morbidity and excellent functional results of pouch construction with ablation of all colonic disease and the anal mucosa among patients with familial adenomatous polyposis make us believe that this is the [use] of choice in most patients for this disease .

The arguments against restorative proctocolectomy for familial adenomatous polyposis on the grounds that the operation carries a much greater morbidity than ileorectal anastomosis now seem to be unfounded , particularly when the need for annual and sometimes difficult sigmoidoscopy after ileorectal anastomosis is considered .
the arguments against restorative proctocolectomy for familial adenomatous polyposis on the grounds that the [use] carries a much greater morbidity than ileorectal anastomosis now seem to be unfounded , particularly when the need for annual and sometimes difficult sigmoidoscopy after ileorectal anastomosis is considered .

We do not think that regular pouch surveillence is necessary after operation in polyposis even though polyps have been reported in the small bowel , because their malignant potential is very low .
we do not think that regular pouch surveillence is necessary after [use] in polyposis even though polyps have been reported in the small bowel , because their malignant potential is very low .

Indeed these results justify the operation even in distal disease where urgency is the principal symptom .
indeed these results justify the [use] even in distal disease where urgency is the principal symptom .

Elderly patients should not necessarily be denied the operation if they are fit and have normal anal function .
elderly patients should not necessarily be denied the [use] if they are fit and have normal anal function .

The identification of symptomatic gall stones after operation might imply that the enterohepatic circulation of bile salts is disturbed by altering the function of the terminal ileum after this operation .
the identification of symptomatic gall stones after [use] might imply that the enterohepatic circulation of bile salts is disturbed by altering the function of the terminal ileum after this [use] .

Before the endoscopic era , the diagnosis was rarely made before operation or even at the time of operation and recurrent haemorrhage with a fatal outcome was common .
before the endoscopic era , the diagnosis was rarely made before [use] or even at the time of [use] and recurrent haemorrhage with a fatal outcome was common .

Spurting haemorrhage was seen during operation .
spurting haemorrhage was seen during [use] .

Of 11 rebleeders , three received a second epinephrine injection and two of them achieved haemostasis ( the failed case had successful surgical intervention ) ; six received epinephrine injection followed by pure alcohol injection and all achieved haemostasis ; two received surgical intervention directly ( one emergency operation because of massive bleeding and one elective operation because of adenocarcinoma of the stomach as well as a bleeding duodenal ulcer ) .
of 11 rebleeders , three received a second epinephrine injection and two of them achieved haemostasis ( the failed case had successful surgical intervention ) ; six received epinephrine injection followed by pure alcohol injection and all achieved haemostasis ; two received surgical intervention directly ( one emergency [use] because of massive bleeding and one elective [use] because of adenocarcinoma of the stomach as well as a bleeding duodenal ulcer ) .

Of the five rebleeders , two received a second injection with the same solution and one achieved haemostasis , the other refused an operation and died soon afterwards ; one received heater probe thermocoagulation and achieved haemostasis ; and two received surgical intervention ( one of them died of wound infection with sepsis , the other had an uneventful course ) .
of the five rebleeders , two received a second injection with the same solution and one achieved haemostasis , the other refused an [use] and died soon afterwards ; one received heater probe thermocoagulation and achieved haemostasis ; and two received surgical intervention ( one of them died of wound infection with sepsis , the other had an uneventful course ) .

Evaluation before operation in all cases included upper gastrointestinal endoscopy , usually with oesophageal biopsy , cineradiography of the cardiac region , standard reflux test , and Bernstein-Baker test .
evaluation before [use] in all cases included upper gastrointestinal endoscopy , usually with oesophageal biopsy , cineradiography of the cardiac region , standard reflux test , and bernstein-baker test .

Before the second operation all examinations except 24 hour pH measurements and radionuclide transit were repeated and the results are included in the analysis of the subgroup with defective fundic wrap .
before the second [use] all examinations except 24 hour ph measurements and radionuclide transit were repeated and the results are included in the analysis of the subgroup with defective fundic wrap .

Standard reflux test had been positive before operation in 16 of 21 patients with follow up endoscopy .
standard reflux test had been positive before [use] in 16 of 21 patients with follow up endoscopy .

Good antireflux effects of Nissen fundoplication were evident 20 years after the operation , provided that the fundic wrap was still intact .
good antireflux effects of nissen fundoplication were evident 20 years after the [use] , provided that the fundic wrap was still intact .

In conclusion , the results of Nissen fundoplication for chronic gastro-oesophageal reflux were reasonably good 20 years after the operation .
in conclusion , the results of nissen fundoplication for chronic gastro-oesophageal reflux were reasonably good 20 years after the [use] .

One patient lost the pain after the operation but the other two did not .
one patient lost the pain after the [use] but the other two did not .

None of the 14 patients whose tumour was found to be irresectable at laparotomy died in hospital after operation .
none of the 14 patients whose tumour was found to be irresectable at laparotomy died in hospital after [use] .

Sixty six of the 85 ( 78 % ) resected patients had received radiation therapy ( 40 Grays over four weeks ) before operation as a routine preoperative treatment until 1986 .
sixty six of the 85 ( 78 % ) resected patients had received radiation therapy ( 40 grays over four weeks ) before [use] as a routine preoperative treatment until 1986 .

The lesions may present at any age and they have always been recorded as solitary , except in one case , and possibly in anothr , in which a second polyp was resected from the site of anastomosis of the previous operation six months before .
the lesions may present at any age and they have always been recorded as solitary , except in one case , and possibly in anothr , in which a second polyp was resected from the site of anastomosis of the previous [use] six months before .

Notes taken at the time of operation commented on the appearances of ‘ an anaplastic thyroid carcinoma infiltrating strap muscles anteriorly and carotid sheath posteriorly .
notes taken at the time of [use] commented on the appearances of ‘ an anaplastic thyroid carcinoma infiltrating strap muscles anteriorly and carotid sheath posteriorly .

At operation a large , hard mass surrounding the pancreatic head with extensive infiltration of the hilum of the liver was noted .
at [use] a large , hard mass surrounding the pancreatic head with extensive infiltration of the hilum of the liver was noted .

Five of the six patients who had not undergone operation were staged by computed tomography and bone marrow biopsy .
five of the six patients who had not undergone [use] were staged by computed tomography and bone marrow biopsy .

He had emergency operation without a further attempt to control bleeding by endoscopy .
he had emergency [use] without a further attempt to control bleeding by endoscopy .

By endoscopy the nature of the bleeding site can be identified and the operation planned accordingly .
by endoscopy the nature of the bleeding site can be identified and the [use] planned accordingly .

If repeated endoscopic attempts failed , emergency operation was performed .
if repeated endoscopic attempts failed , emergency [use] was performed .

One patient had to have emergency operation because of uncontrollable bleeding .
one patient had to have emergency [use] because of uncontrollable bleeding .

As mentioned above , one patient experienced severe rebleeding six months after initial successful sclerotherapy and has had no rebleeding after emergency operation until now ( four months ) .
as mentioned above , one patient experienced severe rebleeding six months after initial successful sclerotherapy and has had no rebleeding after emergency [use] until now ( four months ) .

The integration of Cruzcampo and Unión Cervecera has progressed during 1992 with the closure of the Bilbao brewery , the establishment of central departments in Seville and the amalgamation of the sales operation into one national salesforce .
the integration of cruzcampo and unión cervecera has progressed during 1992 with the closure of the bilbao brewery , the establishment of central departments in seville and the amalgamation of the sales [use] into one national salesforce .

These investments played an important part in enabling the enlarged Wood-Way operation to continue its growth during the year , despite a downturn in offshore drilling .
these investments played an important part in enabling the enlarged wood-way [use] to continue its growth during the year , despite a downturn in offshore drilling .

Each component forms an independent contribution and nowhere are these drawn together to explain the operation of the market in any overall sense .
each component forms an independent contribution and nowhere are these drawn together to explain the [use] of the market in any overall sense .

Before October 1986 the Bank of England approved 29 marketmakers for the gilts market but before the new system came into operation the Bank of America and Union Discount withdrew leaving 27 starters .
before october 1986 the bank of england approved 29 marketmakers for the gilts market but before the new system came into [use] the bank of america and union discount withdrew leaving 27 starters .

Recently a very similar operation was undertaken by the Bank in respect of the sale of British Petroleum shares by the Government to the public at large .
recently a very similar [use] was undertaken by the bank in respect of the sale of british petroleum shares by the government to the public at large .

Before the end of term several advisers made visits to the school to outline the operation of the scheme in more depth and to expand on the written guidelines for producing the self-appraisal documents .
before the end of term several advisers made visits to the school to outline the [use] of the scheme in more depth and to expand on the written guidelines for producing the self-appraisal documents .

The clearing house is also protected from excessive credit risk through the operation of a system of daily price limits .
the clearing house is also protected from excessive credit risk through the [use] of a system of daily price limits .

This spot rate can be decomposed into the interest rates relevant for each period : rs 1 , the spot rate over the period of the operation of the futures contract , and 1rf 2 , the forward or futures interest rate over the period for which the deposit exists .
this spot rate can be decomposed into the interest rates relevant for each period : rs 1 , the spot rate over the period of the [use] of the futures contract , and 1rf 2 , the forward or futures interest rate over the period for which the deposit exists .

There is evidence ( Bergen , 1983 ) that flexibility of operation in and between these stages benefits the project .
there is evidence ( bergen , 1983 ) that flexibility of [use] in and between these stages benefits the project .

Operation sequence
[use] sequence

This information is conveyed on planning sheets and calculation sheets such as the assembly or ‘ Gozinto ’ chart , Figure 7.2 , and the operation process chart ( Stoner , 1978 ) .
this information is conveyed on planning sheets and calculation sheets such as the assembly or ‘ gozinto ’ chart , figure 7.2 , and the [use] process chart ( stoner , 1978 ) .

Operation Process Chart
[use] process chart

The operation process chart is a summary of all required operations and inspections : it is a general plan for manufacture .
the [use] process chart is a summary of all required operations and inspections : it is a general plan for manufacture .

The organization introduces more structure , goals and rules into its operation .
the organization introduces more structure , goals and rules into its [use] .

Study of the operation of the valve shows that the servo air will completely seal the valve without the aid of the spring and that it and the diaphragm plate can therefore be eliminated together with the turned spigot inside the cover .
study of the [use] of the valve shows that the servo air will completely seal the valve without the aid of the spring and that it and the diaphragm plate can therefore be eliminated together with the turned spigot inside the cover .

Overall the important factors in launching new products on schedule are speed through production departments , flexibility of operation , absence of status consciousness , and team ability ( Table 8.6 ) .
overall the important factors in launching new products on schedule are speed through production departments , flexibility of [use] , absence of status consciousness , and team ability ( table 8.6 ) .

If we succeed in the biggest executive operation , we can succeed with almost any operation .
if we succeed in the biggest executive [use] , we can succeed with almost any [use] .

‘ The biggest executive operation , ’ as Mr Montagu puts it , is the benefits system , the largest single employer in the Civil Service ( 70,000 staff ) and distributor of the largest single chunk of public expenditure ( about £50bn ) .
‘ the biggest executive [use] , ’ as mr montagu puts it , is the benefits system , the largest single employer in the civil service ( 70,000 staff ) and distributor of the largest single chunk of public expenditure ( about £50bn ) .

This same impulse leads him to recall the life of Harry Fonstein , a distant friend who miraculously escaped the Nazi holocaust , thanks to an underground operation masterminded by the Broadway impresario Billy Rose , or ‘ Bella Rosa ’ as his name sounds when whispered in excitable Italian .
this same impulse leads him to recall the life of harry fonstein , a distant friend who miraculously escaped the nazi holocaust , thanks to an underground [use] masterminded by the broadway impresario billy rose , or ‘ bella rosa ’ as his name sounds when whispered in excitable italian .

Traipsing around after William Black through the cold , wet trading floors of Rungis , however , it was immediately apparent that the size of the Paris operation and the variety of fish dwarfed London .
traipsing around after william black through the cold , wet trading floors of rungis , however , it was immediately apparent that the size of the paris [use] and the variety of fish dwarfed london .

The Exchange hoped originally that the new clearing house would be in operation by March next year .
the exchange hoped originally that the new clearing house would be in [use] by march next year .

Compared with that heavyweight operation , our own domestic harvest seems small beer .
compared with that heavyweight [use] , our own domestic harvest seems small beer .

Tony Norman , the Sunderland keeper , also withdrew after suffering a reaction to a hand operation .
tony norman , the sunderland keeper , also withdrew after suffering a reaction to a hand [use] .

This enables underwater operation for long periods of time .
this enables underwater [use] for long periods of time .

As the Council 's only full-time worker , she runs a one-woman intelligence operation , making friends with company archivists and hob-nobbing with big liquidators such as the London accountants Cork , Gully and Grant , Thornton , who allow her access to their warehouses of seized goods .
as the council 's only full-time worker , she runs a one-woman intelligence [use] , making friends with company archivists and hob-nobbing with big liquidators such as the london accountants cork , gully and grant , thornton , who allow her access to their warehouses of seized goods .

At Gloucester in July 1634 the judges ' proceedings were based partly upon the 800 presentments made at the swanimote held in the Forest of Dean in the previous month : 420 of these for unlawfully cutting and selling woods , 260 for illegal inclosures and other encroachments , 80 for taking the king 's game and 10 for unauthorized operation of ironworks .
at gloucester in july 1634 the judges ' proceedings were based partly upon the 800 presentments made at the swanimote held in the forest of dean in the previous month : 420 of these for unlawfully cutting and selling woods , 260 for illegal inclosures and other encroachments , 80 for taking the king 's game and 10 for unauthorized [use] of ironworks .

It can even jeopardise the whole operation .
it can even jeopardise the whole [use] .

Minnie had written to her about how terrible it had been , how Captain Cook had brought his wife up to see a specialist who had examined her and said at once there was nothing to be done , there was no operation possible , and he must take his wife home to die .
minnie had written to her about how terrible it had been , how captain cook had brought his wife up to see a specialist who had examined her and said at once there was nothing to be done , there was no [use] possible , and he must take his wife home to die .

The German explanation that the risky Scandinavian operation had been made necessary by the planned British landing and breach of neutrality had , therefore , the ring of plausibility and seems to have been largely accepted by the German population .
the german explanation that the risky scandinavian [use] had been made necessary by the planned british landing and breach of neutrality had , therefore , the ring of plausibility and seems to have been largely accepted by the german population .

The German explanation for the invasion of Belgium and Holland on 10 May 1940 — that it had been necessary in order to forestall a breach of neutrality by the enemy — carried less conviction than it had done in the Scandinavian operation .
the german explanation for the invasion of belgium and holland on 10 may 1940 — that it had been necessary in order to forestall a breach of neutrality by the enemy — carried less conviction than it had done in the scandinavian [use] .

Most were confident that his military and political genius would once again pick out the correct moment for the decisive blow against Britain , and had no inkling in autumn 1940 that ‘ Operation Sealion ’ had been postponed indefinitely .
most were confident that his military and political genius would once again pick out the correct moment for the decisive blow against britain , and had no inkling in autumn 1940 that ‘ [use] sealion ’ had been postponed indefinitely .

When , on 6 June , the allied operation ‘ Overlord ’ finally commenced , there was a remarkable short-lived phase of almost euphoric relief after the tension of the previous weeks .
when , on 6 june , the allied [use] ‘ overlord ’ finally commenced , there was a remarkable short-lived phase of almost euphoric relief after the tension of the previous weeks .

He wrote a substantial commentary on the book of Daniel , to discourage fervent apocalyptic expectations of an imminent end to the world which had lately led one bishop to lead his flock out into the desert to meet the returning Lord , requiring a rescue operation by government authority .
he wrote a substantial commentary on the book of daniel , to discourage fervent apocalyptic expectations of an imminent end to the world which had lately led one bishop to lead his flock out into the desert to meet the returning lord , requiring a rescue [use] by government authority .

And at the heart of that operation was a crackdown on outsiders the Minogue machine felt were unfairly cashing in on her success .
and at the heart of that [use] was a crackdown on outsiders the minogue machine felt were unfairly cashing in on her success .

As North later described the first approaches to the Iran idea , Israeli officials talking to Americans in the spring and summer of 1985 , it was a ‘ philosophy ’ rather than an operation .
as north later described the first approaches to the iran idea , israeli officials talking to americans in the spring and summer of 1985 , it was a ‘ philosophy ’ rather than an [use] .

Caspar Weinberger , the secretary of defence — a small , determined , beaky man , best-known for cutting any budget but his own — first heard of a possible Iranian operation on June 18th , 1985 .
caspar weinberger , the secretary of defence — a small , determined , beaky man , best-known for cutting any budget but his own — first heard of a possible iranian [use] on june 18th , 1985 .

The Americans ( and North in particular , who had been pitched by McFarlane into handling the Washington end ) had stumbled into the operation before they were ready , either practically or legally , to handle it .
the americans ( and north in particular , who had been pitched by mcfarlane into handling the washington end ) had stumbled into the [use] before they were ready , either practically or legally , to handle it .

In large part , they were ; the government now stood back from the operation , and the ‘ private ’ middlemen and cutouts took charge of it .
in large part , they were ; the government now stood back from the [use] , and the ‘ private ’ middlemen and cutouts took charge of it .

This was the Iran operation in a nutshell .
this was the iran [use] in a nutshell .

If the Iran operation took predicates that were illusory — in sum , that arms could be bartered for hostages with an enemy regime , and it would not look like that — the operation to support the Nicaraguan contras had an equally doubtful premise .
if the iran [use] took predicates that were illusory — in sum , that arms could be bartered for hostages with an enemy regime , and it would not look like that — the [use] to support the nicaraguan contras had an equally doubtful premise .

This was , of course , a covert operation ( of which North , in McFarlane 's words , was the ‘ visible sign ’ ) .
this was , of course , a covert [use] ( of which north , in mcfarlane 's words , was the ‘ visible sign ’ ) .

But for all the cover , this was an operation that was sometimes surprisingly visible , and visible as a shambles .
but for all the cover , this was an [use] that was sometimes surprisingly visible , and visible as a shambles .

From the hub of the operation , the Ilopango Air Base in El Salvador , creaking aircraft flew supplies to the contras ' northern front billetted in Honduras .
from the hub of the [use] , the ilopango air base in el salvador , creaking aircraft flew supplies to the contras ' northern front billetted in honduras .

The supposed hub of this resupply operation was a top-secret overgrown airstrip at Santa Elena , in Costa Rica , said to have been the landing strip for Somoza 's aircraft when he stayed at his farm nearby .
the supposed hub of this resupply [use] was a top-secret overgrown airstrip at santa elena , in costa rica , said to have been the landing strip for somoza 's aircraft when he stayed at his farm nearby .

As it went along , the hapless operation was partly sustained by a propaganda machine in Washington that produced hopeful and sentimental briefings and films .
as it went along , the hapless [use] was partly sustained by a propaganda machine in washington that produced hopeful and sentimental briefings and films .

Shultz , for all his opposition to the Iran operation , merely told Poindexter not to inform him of details he did not need to know ; and the admiral , needing no encouragement to hold things close , took that line with other members of the cabinet .
shultz , for all his opposition to the iran [use] , merely told poindexter not to inform him of details he did not need to know ; and the admiral , needing no encouragement to hold things close , took that line with other members of the cabinet .

At his deposition , North 's aide Robert Earl offered a breakdown of those who knew about the Iran operation , those who did not know and those who knew a bit of it , like a game of Chinese boxes .
at his deposition , north 's aide robert earl offered a breakdown of those who knew about the iran [use] , those who did not know and those who knew a bit of it , like a game of chinese boxes .

General Robert Schweitzer , visiting his office one day to talk broadly about contras , heard North say , alluding to his pet name for the resupply operation , ‘ And then there is , of course , my Project Democracy … ’ ‘ And his sentence then trailed off ’ , said Schweitzer , ‘ with a series of … almost visible ellipses , and he did n't finish the thought .
general robert schweitzer , visiting his office one day to talk broadly about contras , heard north say , alluding to his pet name for the resupply [use] , ‘ and then there is , of course , my project democracy … ’ ‘ and his sentence then trailed off ’ , said schweitzer , ‘ with a series of … almost visible ellipses , and he did n't finish the thought .

He already found the Iran operation bizarre in any number of ways .
he already found the iran [use] bizarre in any number of ways .

‘ No-one in the Marine Corps taught me how to run a covert operation ’ said North , ruefully , at his trial .
‘ no-one in the marine corps taught me how to run a covert [use] ’ said north , ruefully , at his trial .

Reagan , largely as the result of a disastrous speech ‘ explaining ’ the Iran operation on November 13th and an even more discombobulated press conference on the 19th , became the Man Who Was Not All There ; the very man , in fact , whom he himself had played in his Hollywood B-movie days , Knute Rockne : All American .
reagan , largely as the result of a disastrous speech ‘ explaining ’ the iran [use] on november 13th and an even more discombobulated press conference on the 19th , became the man who was not all there ; the very man , in fact , whom he himself had played in his hollywood b-movie days , knute rockne : all american .

Rockne , waking from an operation in which he has lost his legs , asks ‘ Where 's the rest of me ?
rockne , waking from an [use] in which he has lost his legs , asks ‘ where 's the rest of me ?

Equally , the Iranian operation could not be explained because , in its respectable long-term aims , it was complicated ; and most people would doubtless insist , as they did , that it was just a piece of barter .
equally , the iranian [use] could not be explained because , in its respectable long-term aims , it was complicated ; and most people would doubtless insist , as they did , that it was just a piece of barter .

If the Iranian operation worked , the hostages would be freed , terrorism would cease , Iran and Iraq would make peace ( the grand climaxes were often not connected , but somehow self-generating out of the golden atmosphere ) , and Iran would be secured in the American , rather than the Soviet , camp .
if the iranian [use] worked , the hostages would be freed , terrorism would cease , iran and iraq would make peace ( the grand climaxes were often not connected , but somehow self-generating out of the golden atmosphere ) , and iran would be secured in the american , rather than the soviet , camp .

If the contra operation worked , Central America would be saved for democracy and Communism stopped at the doorstep of the United States .
if the contra [use] worked , central america would be saved for democracy and communism stopped at the doorstep of the united states .

It was in this spirit that he conducted , round the back of the law , the contra operation .
it was in this spirit that he conducted , round the back of the law , the contra [use] .

There is evidence that the whole Southern Front operation , for which North pushed particularly , was justified in retrospect with successes that were invisible at the time .
there is evidence that the whole southern front [use] , for which north pushed particularly , was justified in retrospect with successes that were invisible at the time .

When two of the pilots were eventually , inevitably shot down in October 1986 — their pockets full of incriminating business cards — — the resupply operation collapsed .
when two of the pilots were eventually , inevitably shot down in october 1986 — their pockets full of incriminating business cards — — the resupply [use] collapsed .

So death , too , gilded the operation : the useless martyrs ' deaths of the pilots on a scrubby hillside , and the simultaneous death of the whole elaborate scheme .
so death , too , gilded the [use] : the useless martyrs ' deaths of the pilots on a scrubby hillside , and the simultaneous death of the whole elaborate scheme .

The grandest exposition of the Grand Iranian Design was given on November 14th , 1986 , just after the operation had been disclosed .
the grandest exposition of the grand iranian design was given on november 14th , 1986 , just after the [use] had been disclosed .

Ledeen agreed , but by that point — in November of 1985 — the operation was out of his hands .
ledeen agreed , but by that point — in november of 1985 — the [use] was out of his hands .

Indeed , as the operation wore on , badly in need of justification , peace became one of the chief pretexts for it ; and not entirely a pretext .
indeed , as the [use] wore on , badly in need of justification , peace became one of the chief pretexts for it ; and not entirely a pretext .

The whole operation was for Reagan 's sake , as well as the hostages ' ; it was a present for him , preferably one to be delivered by Christmas , or by the State of the Union address in January , or by the elections in November .
the whole [use] was for reagan 's sake , as well as the hostages ' ; it was a present for him , preferably one to be delivered by christmas , or by the state of the union address in january , or by the elections in november .

There was another gambit too : to raise the Iran operation on to an altogether different plane , to make it a sort of crusade , as Nicaragua was .
there was another gambit too : to raise the iran [use] on to an altogether different plane , to make it a sort of crusade , as nicaragua was .

‘ Lord willing , ’ Shultz would sign on to the operation ; ‘ with the grace of God ’ the hostages would be home by the summer .
‘ lord willing , ’ shultz would sign on to the [use] ; ‘ with the grace of god ’ the hostages would be home by the summer .

Kasmin remembers the whole staff being sent to see the Elizabeth Taylor film Butterfield 8 , because it demonstrated the operation of a filing system so well .
kasmin remembers the whole staff being sent to see the elizabeth taylor film butterfield 8 , because it demonstrated the [use] of a filing system so well .

The couple , arrested after a lengthy intelligence operation , are being held under the Prevention of Terrorism Act .
the couple , arrested after a lengthy intelligence [use] , are being held under the prevention of terrorism act .

Michael Lyons , duty administrator at Guy 's , said Sara 's operation had been encouraging .
michael lyons , duty administrator at guy 's , said sara 's [use] had been encouraging .

It was the attempt to restore the appearance of Gaitskellite centrality that produced Mr Kinnock 's revolution and the packaging operation to which he allowed it to be subjected , and his failure , even so , to conceal the Labour Party 's true character which produced disaster last Thursday .
it was the attempt to restore the appearance of gaitskellite centrality that produced mr kinnock 's revolution and the packaging [use] to which he allowed it to be subjected , and his failure , even so , to conceal the labour party 's true character which produced disaster last thursday .

Yet no election campaign has been as unctuously hostile to wealth as the Labour one of 1992 in justifying its policies about the poll tax , the health service , education , and national and local taxation ; and nothing in the public packaging operation left any reason to suppose the Labour Party had abandoned the assumptions of the 1960s .
yet no election campaign has been as unctuously hostile to wealth as the labour one of 1992 in justifying its policies about the poll tax , the health service , education , and national and local taxation ; and nothing in the public packaging [use] left any reason to suppose the labour party had abandoned the assumptions of the 1960s .

Six other victims , including Sara Sadoo , seven , who has had an eye operation , remain in hospital .
six other victims , including sara sadoo , seven , who has had an eye [use] , remain in hospital .

Ashe , now 48 , underwent a quadruple bypass operation after a heart attack at the age of 35 .
ashe , now 48 , underwent a quadruple bypass [use] after a heart attack at the age of 35 .

It is disturbingly easy to think of sportsmen with cardiac problems : Coventry manager and former England coach Don Howe , now 56 , had a bypass operation less than four years ago .
it is disturbingly easy to think of sportsmen with cardiac problems : coventry manager and former england coach don howe , now 56 , had a bypass [use] less than four years ago .

Jock Stein , former manager of Scotland , and David Longhurst , the York City striker , both died of heart attacks ; the Dutch coach of Barcelona , Johan Cruyff , was given a double heart bypass operation after collapsing ; and only last month West Hartlepool 's rugby union lock forward , John Howe , collapsed and died on the pitch .
jock stein , former manager of scotland , and david longhurst , the york city striker , both died of heart attacks ; the dutch coach of barcelona , johan cruyff , was given a double heart bypass [use] after collapsing ; and only last month west hartlepool 's rugby union lock forward , john howe , collapsed and died on the pitch .

The all-rounder , who hurt his shoulder during Pakistan 's World Cup campaign , said he will not tour England if he has to have an operation .
the all-rounder , who hurt his shoulder during pakistan 's world cup campaign , said he will not tour england if he has to have an [use] .

The bank itself conceded in its ‘ financial sector operations policy ’ published at the weekend , that ‘ public offerings also require a fair degree of investor sophistication which may take some time to develop in some of the bank 's countries of operation ’ .
the bank itself conceded in its ‘ financial sector operations policy ’ published at the weekend , that ‘ public offerings also require a fair degree of investor sophistication which may take some time to develop in some of the bank 's countries of [use] ’ .

But concern about the operation has been so great that police on the Isle of Man have been flooded with more than 50 calls asking if the operation is above board .
but concern about the [use] has been so great that police on the isle of man have been flooded with more than 50 calls asking if the [use] is above board .

National Westminster Bank , in its 10 points to remember for would-be choosers of a franchise operation , says : ‘ Make a personal assessment of the franchiser 's management skills and track record .
national westminster bank , in its 10 points to remember for would-be choosers of a franchise [use] , says : ‘ make a personal assessment of the franchiser 's management skills and track record .

He played a game in ankle-deep ooze in Hong Kong the other week and came off the field , having masterminded the entire operation , without a speck of mud on his shorts .
he played a game in ankle-deep ooze in hong kong the other week and came off the field , having masterminded the entire [use] , without a speck of mud on his shorts .

About 150 long-wheelbase , high roof Mercedes-Benz 308Ds are the mainstays of the operation .
about 150 long-wheelbase , high roof mercedes-benz 308ds are the mainstays of the [use] .

But if Imran decides , as he said on Saturday that he might , to have an operation on his right shoulder and not to tour , Pakistan will look less invincible .
but if imran decides , as he said on saturday that he might , to have an [use] on his right shoulder and not to tour , pakistan will look less invincible .

This time Mr Moran has stepped forward to shoulder even greater responsibility while Mr Souness recovers from a heart operation that will keep him out of the manager 's chair for the rest of the season .
this time mr moran has stepped forward to shoulder even greater responsibility while mr souness recovers from a heart [use] that will keep him out of the manager 's chair for the rest of the season .

Next came talks with Hedlunds who agreed to do a turnkey operation , using a three-man team to erect the structure and local builders , plumbers , plasterers and electricians to complete the work .
next came talks with hedlunds who agreed to do a turnkey [use] , using a three-man team to erect the structure and local builders , plumbers , plasterers and electricians to complete the work .

No one who has ever contemplated sending a parcel by British Rail 's Red Star — minimum charge £23.50 for same-day delivery between stations , plus a lot more if you want door-to-door service — will be greatly surprised to learn that the operation is allegedly riddled with inefficiency , waste , and misdirection .
no one who has ever contemplated sending a parcel by british rail 's red star — minimum charge £23.50 for same-day delivery between stations , plus a lot more if you want door-to-door service — will be greatly surprised to learn that the [use] is allegedly riddled with inefficiency , waste , and misdirection .

According to producer John Mair 's extremely detailed investigation , British Rail got hopelessly out of their depth when they escalated Red Star from a simple station-to-station service to home delivery , and then to an international operation .
according to producer john mair 's extremely detailed investigation , british rail got hopelessly out of their depth when they escalated red star from a simple station-to-station service to home delivery , and then to an international [use] .

Sara underwent an operation soon after admission to remove glass from her eye .
sara underwent an [use] soon after admission to remove glass from her eye .

She will need another operation on Wednesday , but doctors are confident that her sight will not be affected .
she will need another [use] on wednesday , but doctors are confident that her sight will not be affected .

One other remained in hospital for an exploratory operation on a shoulder injury .
one other remained in hospital for an exploratory [use] on a shoulder injury .

But he dispels that notion when asked how seriously he considered a dangerous brain operation in Mexico before his family talked him out of it .
but he dispels that notion when asked how seriously he considered a dangerous brain [use] in mexico before his family talked him out of it .

It may be a reason why the law should be altered by statute ; it does not prevent it from being law , or affect its operation , as long as no alteration in the law is made by statute .
it may be a reason why the law should be altered by statute ; it does not prevent it from being law , or affect its [use] , as long as no alteration in the law is made by statute .

It is in respect of property and contract that the incapacity of infancy has its most general operation .
it is in respect of property and contract that the incapacity of infancy has its most general [use] .

The notice sometimes published in the papers to the effect that Mr Smith will no longer be liable for his wife 's debts has a much more limited operation than is generally supposed .
the notice sometimes published in the papers to the effect that mr smith will no longer be liable for his wife 's debts has a much more limited [use] than is generally supposed .

As regards civil rights and liabilities , insanity has a very restricted operation .
as regards civil rights and liabilities , insanity has a very restricted [use] .

The Suez operation smacked too much of a Normandy-style landing , and too little of the quick military reaction needed in the nuclear era , which is also the era of instant communication and mass-media debate on a world scale .
the suez [use] smacked too much of a normandy-style landing , and too little of the quick military reaction needed in the nuclear era , which is also the era of instant communication and mass-media debate on a world scale .

The operation had not gone without hitches because adequate amphibious shipping and transport aircraft were not yet available .
the [use] had not gone without hitches because adequate amphibious shipping and transport aircraft were not yet available .

In the area at the front of the skull are connecting sacs which enable the dolphin to cut off one or all of the four high-frequency signals which may be in operation .
in the area at the front of the skull are connecting sacs which enable the dolphin to cut off one or all of the four high-frequency signals which may be in [use] .

The sting — known locally as ‘ Operation Desert Shame ’ — is the most fun .
the sting — known locally as ‘ [use] desert shame ’ — is the most fun .

After the knee operation he moved to the slips , and of course proved pretty useful there , too .
after the knee [use] he moved to the slips , and of course proved pretty useful there , too .

The head of it , who in December was urging his flock to respect law and order , called the military operation in Vilnius ‘ a sin ’ .
the head of it , who in december was urging his flock to respect law and order , called the military [use] in vilnius ‘ a sin ’ .

The commanders of Operation Desert Storm are beginning to feel the same way .
the commanders of [use] desert storm are beginning to feel the same way .

One problem with the burden-sharing debate is finding out what operation Desert Storm is costing .
one problem with the burden-sharing debate is finding out what [use] desert storm is costing .

The railway connection no longer dominated the operation and most of the customers for both hotels and ferries came by road .
the railway connection no longer dominated the [use] and most of the customers for both hotels and ferries came by road .

Those who have the operation get a 100-rupee ( $ 5 ) reward .
those who have the [use] get a 100-rupee ( $ 5 ) reward .

These deposits , made by various people and companies , were under the control of the Hussein family ; Saddam 's half-brother , Barzan , is said to have run the operation .
these deposits , made by various people and companies , were under the control of the hussein family ; saddam 's half-brother , barzan , is said to have run the [use] .

In 1988 Mr Purchase set up his exchange operation in a street where there were a lot of junkies .
in 1988 mr purchase set up his exchange [use] in a street where there were a lot of junkies .

He continues to speak of the possibility of using the Gulf operation to craft a new world order for the resolution of disputes .
he continues to speak of the possibility of using the gulf [use] to craft a new world order for the resolution of disputes .

Congress ordered the Army Corps of Engineers to harness the natural system in an operation rivalled only in Holland .
congress ordered the army corps of engineers to harness the natural system in an [use] rivalled only in holland .

If external supplies of electricity to the pumps were lost for any reason , such an operation would be essential to stop heat accumulating in the core .
if external supplies of electricity to the pumps were lost for any reason , such an [use] would be essential to stop heat accumulating in the core .

The other tricky operation , opening up Japan 's rice market , will also please the Americans .
the other tricky [use] , opening up japan 's rice market , will also please the americans .

Italy got around this by declaring the Gulf operation an ‘ international constabulary measure ’ .
italy got around this by declaring the gulf [use] an ‘ international constabulary measure ’ .

The operation rarely succeeds .
the [use] rarely succeeds .

One benefit of computerisation is that deals following such a ramp operation are easier to trace .
one benefit of computerisation is that deals following such a ramp [use] are easier to trace .

Experimental operation should lead to samples of 16Mbit chips being delivered in 1991 .
experimental [use] should lead to samples of 16mbit chips being delivered in 1991 .

Business was bad in the main ‘ communications ’ division while the consultancy operation was in big trouble .
business was bad in the main ‘ communications ’ division while the consultancy [use] was in big trouble .

Many who invested in UK-based Barlow Clowes Gilt Managers and its Gibraltar sister operation , Barlow Clowes International , were elderly people whose plight has been made worse by the loss of their savings .
many who invested in uk-based barlow clowes gilt managers and its gibraltar sister [use] , barlow clowes international , were elderly people whose plight has been made worse by the loss of their savings .

That should change with the decision reached two weeks ago that Sheffield will have to pay for the host broadcasting operation of television .
that should change with the decision reached two weeks ago that sheffield will have to pay for the host broadcasting [use] of television .

Richards , injured in Leicester 's Courage Clubs Championship game at Wasps in September , had an operation on his injured right shoulder last week .
richards , injured in leicester 's courage clubs championship game at wasps in september , had an [use] on his injured right shoulder last week .

Richards will have to rest the shoulder for at least four months following the operation to tighten up ligaments .
richards will have to rest the shoulder for at least four months following the [use] to tighten up ligaments .

France 's fly-half Didier Camberabero will undergo a knee operation next month and may also miss the start of the Championship .
france 's fly-half didier camberabero will undergo a knee [use] next month and may also miss the start of the championship .

Worthington , his hernia operation postponed , should be there too , helping to take the strain .
worthington , his hernia [use] postponed , should be there too , helping to take the strain .

Under the state of emergency , the government can take over or direct the operation of public utilities and businesses .
under the state of emergency , the government can take over or direct the [use] of public utilities and businesses .

Retailing industry-watchers believe that Dixons ' core businesses — the British electrical retailing operation — is currently showing a loss .
retailing industry-watchers believe that dixons ' core businesses — the british electrical retailing [use] — is currently showing a loss .

The figures could have been used to cover a fraud operation or could have have been the result of no-one ever checking the facts .
the figures could have been used to cover a fraud [use] or could have have been the result of no-one ever checking the facts .

The question remains whether an investigator equally committed might not perform much the same myth-detecting operation on any considerable body of writing , say the novels of Dickens , or indeed the works of some quite minor writer .
the question remains whether an investigator equally committed might not perform much the same myth-detecting [use] on any considerable body of writing , say the novels of dickens , or indeed the works of some quite minor writer .

Koch has mounted the most intensive and sophisticated intelligence gathering operation in the cup 's history , even resorting to tailing previous employees , like Jobson .
koch has mounted the most intensive and sophisticated intelligence gathering [use] in the cup 's history , even resorting to tailing previous employees , like jobson .

The introduction of new technology means that you can now book hostel accommodation in advance ; a pilot fax scheme is in operation for onward reservation between some hostels ( most hostels will also accept payment by credit card ) .
the introduction of new technology means that you can now book hostel accommodation in advance ; a pilot fax scheme is in [use] for onward reservation between some hostels ( most hostels will also accept payment by credit card ) .

Setting up the service provides for the first time a national intelligence-gathering operation on organised crime and criminals .
setting up the service provides for the first time a national intelligence-gathering [use] on organised crime and criminals .

Dual-level automatic air conditioning with the cooling capacity of 30 domestic fridges ; electric operation of gear selector , windows , seat adjustment , mirrors , central locking .
dual-level automatic air conditioning with the cooling capacity of 30 domestic fridges ; electric [use] of gear selector , windows , seat adjustment , mirrors , central locking .

Essentially the company is a project management operation .
essentially the company is a project management [use] .

So McCartan — whose understandably well-celebrated 40th birthday coincided with the Grand National , performed the conventional Hobday operation .
so mccartan — whose understandably well-celebrated 40th birthday coincided with the grand national , performed the conventional hobday [use] .

It succeeded at first , but Party Politics ' breathing was still impaired and a second , much more difficult ‘ tie-back ’ operation had to be attempted .
it succeeded at first , but party politics ' breathing was still impaired and a second , much more difficult ‘ tie-back ’ [use] had to be attempted .

The Body & Face Place franchise operation , for instance , has turned into a crematorium for the business ambitions of many franchisees .
the body & face place franchise [use] , for instance , has turned into a crematorium for the business ambitions of many franchisees .

Each will provide , where appropriate , services in Regional Railways ' three areas of operation — urban , inter-urban and rural .
each will provide , where appropriate , services in regional railways ' three areas of [use] — urban , inter-urban and rural .

Though the operation costs £2,000 per eye , it can give the patient normal sight , said Mr Choyce .
though the [use] costs £2,000 per eye , it can give the patient normal sight , said mr choyce .

His stepfather , Mr Roger Cager , said yesterday that after the operation Simon had been able to pass a medical to train to be a policeman .
his stepfather , mr roger cager , said yesterday that after the [use] simon had been able to pass a medical to train to be a policeman .

The third and most lengthy phase of the operation to save the tower will involve pumping water into the land at strategic points ‘ to make it give way to the north ’ .
the third and most lengthy phase of the [use] to save the tower will involve pumping water into the land at strategic points ‘ to make it give way to the north ’ .

He 's got his own little black book and his own sting operation .
he 's got his own little black book and his own sting [use] .

It is likely in this kind of case that Regional Railways might seek a partnership operation with a local council or one of the passenger transport executives to establish a light rail line .
it is likely in this kind of case that regional railways might seek a partnership [use] with a local council or one of the passenger transport executives to establish a light rail line .

‘ But this is now definitely on the horizon and there is a shift of operation coming up .
‘ but this is now definitely on the horizon and there is a shift of [use] coming up .

The biggest question marks hang over the United States operation , Bancorp , and investment bank County NatWest .
the biggest question marks hang over the united states [use] , bancorp , and investment bank county natwest .

But the structure and functioning of grinding or chewing teeth in other mammals , in which opposing teeth co-operate in action , and which can be matched in extinct , unrelated mammals , is a much more subtle matter , involving detailed studies on the operation of living dental systems to help elucidate the functioning of fossil ones .
but the structure and functioning of grinding or chewing teeth in other mammals , in which opposing teeth co-operate in action , and which can be matched in extinct , unrelated mammals , is a much more subtle matter , involving detailed studies on the [use] of living dental systems to help elucidate the functioning of fossil ones .

Smuggling drugs was a quick in-and-out operation .
smuggling drugs was a quick in-and-out [use] .

Now these men were involved in a long-term operation and total secrecy was essential to its outcome .
now these men were involved in a long-term [use] and total secrecy was essential to its outcome .

‘ That 's a big operation for one man , ’ Trent said .
‘ that 's a big [use] for one man , ’ trent said .

Groun ' Operation ; yeah , that the words .
groun ' [use] ; yeah , that the words .

‘ Yeah , Groun ' Operation … ’ Thumbing cocaine into his nose , he giggled .
‘ yeah , groun ' [use] … ’ thumbing cocaine into his nose , he giggled .

The brain behind this operation had to know this .
the brain behind this [use] had to know this .

This is very clear from the results of the monetary union with East Germany and the subsequent massive mopping up operation in which the central government is engaging .
this is very clear from the results of the monetary union with east germany and the subsequent massive mopping up [use] in which the central government is engaging .

Exporters , particularly ones who are acting like brokers — sourcing the goods from outside their own firm , will often try to use the fact that they have a Documentary Credit from a foreign bank in their favour as a way of financing their operation .
exporters , particularly ones who are acting like brokers — sourcing the goods from outside their own firm , will often try to use the fact that they have a documentary credit from a foreign bank in their favour as a way of financing their [use] .

The Centre 's Mission Statement highlights four objectives for the operation .
the centre 's mission statement highlights four objectives for the [use] .

Also , it has no night-time curfew ( resulting in 24-hours ' daily operation ) or noise abatement procedures and does n't experience air traffic congestion problems common to some other airports .
also , it has no night-time curfew ( resulting in 24-hours ' daily [use] ) or noise abatement procedures and does n't experience air traffic congestion problems common to some other airports .

British Airways ' aircraft fleet is complemented by a comprehensive road services operation in Europe .
british airways ' aircraft fleet is complemented by a comprehensive road services [use] in europe .

Our aim is to maintain our leading position , to develop and improve the facilities and amenities offered to port users and to provide a top quality , efficient , value for money operation .
our aim is to maintain our leading position , to develop and improve the facilities and amenities offered to port users and to provide a top quality , efficient , value for money [use] .

Default of any transport or accommodation provider or any person acting as agent of the person insured or operation of law .
default of any transport or accommodation provider or any person acting as agent of the person insured or [use] of law .

The greatest problem facing schools , now as always , is how to ensure the best possible service to present pupils ( this may be called the steady-state operation ) , while at the same time , developing the creativity which alone will allow us to continue to adapt to change in the future .
the greatest problem facing schools , now as always , is how to ensure the best possible service to present pupils ( this may be called the steady-state [use] ) , while at the same time , developing the creativity which alone will allow us to continue to adapt to change in the future .

It is only then that the third stage comes into operation , that of the actual data collection .
it is only then that the third stage comes into [use] , that of the actual data collection .

If the planning and choice possibilities are to be fully utilised then a time-scale that allows them to be fully understood has to be in operation .
if the planning and choice possibilities are to be fully utilised then a time-scale that allows them to be fully understood has to be in [use] .

This provided a volume of 9,000 cubic inches of water at a pressure of 700 pounds per square inch , which was sufficient to work all the machinery during one operation of the lift .
this provided a volume of 9,000 cubic inches of water at a pressure of 700 pounds per square inch , which was sufficient to work all the machinery during one [use] of the lift .

The policy decisions which put the whole project into motion , the reporting of the opening in 1900 and all too shortly afterwards the closing in 1910 , and above all the accounts , technical and economic , of the lift 's operation , are quite incredibly thin .
the policy decisions which put the whole project into motion , the reporting of the opening in 1900 and all too shortly afterwards the closing in 1910 , and above all the accounts , technical and economic , of the lift 's [use] , are quite incredibly thin .

The disturbance of the balance which would occure by the immersion of the lift in the water at the foot of its inclined way may be automatically compensated by varying the effective diameters of the winding drums of the balance ropes , or by bringing auxiliary power into operation at the required moment .
the disturbance of the balance which would occure by the immersion of the lift in the water at the foot of its inclined way may be automatically compensated by varying the effective diameters of the winding drums of the balance ropes , or by bringing auxiliary power into [use] at the required moment .

This period unfortunately does not cover the whole of the time during which the Lift was in operation .
this period unfortunately does not cover the whole of the time during which the lift was in [use] .

In July 1940 Bletchley had intercepted a message from Goering to the chiefs of staff of the Luftwaffe in which was made clear Hitler 's intention to prepare for the invasion of Britain — ‘ Operation Sea Lion ’ , as it was code-named .
in july 1940 bletchley had intercepted a message from goering to the chiefs of staff of the luftwaffe in which was made clear hitler 's intention to prepare for the invasion of britain — ‘ [use] sea lion ’ , as it was code-named .

These individuals are then subjected to differential survival through the operation of a range of mortality factors that eliminate them either before or after reproduction .
these individuals are then subjected to differential survival through the [use] of a range of mortality factors that eliminate them either before or after reproduction .

But of course it requires a two-way thinking operation .
but of course it requires a two-way thinking [use] .

The Press Complaints Commission is now in operation , and we will monitor its work carefully to see if self-regulation succeeds .
the press complaints commission is now in [use] , and we will monitor its work carefully to see if self-regulation succeeds .

To ensure that progress on waiting times continues , we intend that from 31 March 1993 , no one should have to wait more than 18 months for a hip or knee replacement , or a cataract operation .
to ensure that progress on waiting times continues , we intend that from 31 march 1993 , no one should have to wait more than 18 months for a hip or knee replacement , or a cataract [use] .

Twenty schemes are already in operation .
twenty schemes are already in [use] .

The range starts from £69.99 for a two-section aluminium loft ladder , and £128 for a pre-assembled wooden loft ladder , to a remote-controlled electric ladder which glides into operation at the touch of a button .
the range starts from £69.99 for a two-section aluminium loft ladder , and £128 for a pre-assembled wooden loft ladder , to a remote-controlled electric ladder which glides into [use] at the touch of a button .

Screw in place , then repeat the operation on the other side of the door .
screw in place , then repeat the [use] on the other side of the door .

Highly heat-efficient — over 80 % on some models — the stoves are quick and simple to install and are virtually maintenance-free in operation .
highly heat-efficient — over 80 % on some models — the stoves are quick and simple to install and are virtually maintenance-free in [use] .

Cisterns usually need the main components assembling before installation , and offer the choice of left or right-hand operation .
cisterns usually need the main components assembling before installation , and offer the choice of left or right-hand [use] .

There are only two adjustments to be made inside : the correct alignment of the handle and pull-rod for smooth operation ; and of the ballvalve , to ensure that the supply is fully closed when the level reaches the water line .
there are only two adjustments to be made inside : the correct alignment of the handle and pull-rod for smooth [use] ; and of the ballvalve , to ensure that the supply is fully closed when the level reaches the water line .

Your Bristol & West Mortgage Advisor is the ‘ anchorman ’ ( or woman ) for the whole operation — and does a lot more than just give you a ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ when you ask for a mortgage .
your bristol & west mortgage advisor is the ‘ anchorman ’ ( or woman ) for the whole [use] — and does a lot more than just give you a ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ when you ask for a mortgage .

In every aspect of our operation we aim to reflect the Society 's principles of quality service and customer care .
in every aspect of our [use] we aim to reflect the society 's principles of quality service and customer care .

The operation of this 3 % in three year rule is likely to be unduly restrictive when it first applies because of the expected need to grant substantial new options to sharesave scheme participants and at the same time allow for the first allocations under the proposed executive share option scheme .
the [use] of this 3 % in three year rule is likely to be unduly restrictive when it first applies because of the expected need to grant substantial new options to sharesave scheme participants and at the same time allow for the first allocations under the proposed executive share option scheme .

other than for windows in occupied bedrooms the security devices fitted to the Home are put effectively into operation and
other than for windows in occupied bedrooms the security devices fitted to the home are put effectively into [use] and

other than for windows in unoccupied bedrooms the security devices fitted to the Home are put effectively into operation and
other than for windows in unoccupied bedrooms the security devices fitted to the home are put effectively into [use] and

Every business operation involves potential liability to customers and the general public .
every business [use] involves potential liability to customers and the general public .

Annette spent the intervening time with her son who had been made as comfortable as possible and she told him that she would stay with him until he went for the operation and would then go home but would return first thing in the morning .
annette spent the intervening time with her son who had been made as comfortable as possible and she told him that she would stay with him until he went for the [use] and would then go home but would return first thing in the morning .

She just sat on the stairs eating biscuit after biscuit until , just before midnight , the telephone rang and she heard the voice of the surgeon telling her that the operation was over , that it had been a complete success and that Paul was likely to make a rapid recovery It was after that call that Annette realised that she had steadily munched her way through two and a half packets of biscuits .
she just sat on the stairs eating biscuit after biscuit until , just before midnight , the telephone rang and she heard the voice of the surgeon telling her that the [use] was over , that it had been a complete success and that paul was likely to make a rapid recovery it was after that call that annette realised that she had steadily munched her way through two and a half packets of biscuits .

Night steam operation .
night steam [use] .

Because the more people who go vegetarian , the more the agricultural industry — and it is an industry these days , as mechanical as any other — will be forced to re-assess its methods of operation and adjust its swollen meat production policy down as demand dwindles .
because the more people who go vegetarian , the more the agricultural industry — and it is an industry these days , as mechanical as any other — will be forced to re-assess its methods of [use] and adjust its swollen meat production policy down as demand dwindles .

The scheme bore the unmistakable stamp of Kurt Hahn and his trust system that Charles had seen in operation at Gordonstoun .
the scheme bore the unmistakable stamp of kurt hahn and his trust system that charles had seen in [use] at gordonstoun .

Adeane was also unhappy about his association with Operation Raleigh , an ambitious round-the-world sailing venture , the second he had been involved with , run by the explorer John Blashford-Snell .
adeane was also unhappy about his association with [use] raleigh , an ambitious round-the-world sailing venture , the second he had been involved with , run by the explorer john blashford-snell .

He disapproved of the Prince 's involvement in Operation Raleigh ; he even felt that Charles 's youth and inner-city work was politically border-line and unwise .
he disapproved of the prince 's involvement in [use] raleigh ; he even felt that charles 's youth and inner-city work was politically border-line and unwise .

He had watched the effect that team spirit had had on the young people who had been on Operation Drake .
he had watched the effect that team spirit had had on the young people who had been on [use] drake .

Many more youngsters had been dispatched around the world in Operation Raleigh , and he felt there must be a way for every young person to experience these kind of benefits .
many more youngsters had been dispatched around the world in [use] raleigh , and he felt there must be a way for every young person to experience these kind of benefits .

There are now over forty Compacts in operation , which are succeeding — as much as anything by involving parents in the deal .
there are now over forty compacts in [use] , which are succeeding — as much as anything by involving parents in the deal .

‘ The poor man was just beginning to pull round after his operation , ’ Keelan said .
‘ the poor man was just beginning to pull round after his [use] , ’ keelan said .

‘ The operation did n't take long , anyway , ’ Keelan comforted .
‘ the [use] did n't take long , anyway , ’ keelan comforted .

‘ You could hardly call it an operation — ten minutes on the table and a local anaesthetic , ’ Richard replied .
‘ you could hardly call it an [use] — ten minutes on the table and a local anaesthetic , ’ richard replied .

It was as if the operation had excised her will to live .
it was as if the [use] had excised her will to live .

In the early days after the operation , when she was tightly bound in a many-tailed bandage to which weights were sometimes attached , and with drainage tubes still trailing from her , she had managed to scribble notes to him almost every other day .
in the early days after the [use] , when she was tightly bound in a many-tailed bandage to which weights were sometimes attached , and with drainage tubes still trailing from her , she had managed to scribble notes to him almost every other day .

Mrs Margaret Ashton , aged 30 , who woke during a caesarean operation in 1980 at Billinge hospital , near Wigan , was awarded £21,000 agreed damages at the High Court in Manchester .
mrs margaret ashton , aged 30 , who woke during a caesarean [use] in 1980 at billinge hospital , near wigan , was awarded £21,000 agreed damages at the high court in manchester .

There is also concern that , no matter how carefully any mining operation is conducted here , the landscape can not remain unscathed : promises that everything will be ‘ put back as it was ’ when the mine is no longer profitable are considered naïve .
there is also concern that , no matter how carefully any mining [use] is conducted here , the landscape can not remain unscathed : promises that everything will be ‘ put back as it was ’ when the mine is no longer profitable are considered naïve .

Corrections might have to be made if Single or Double Summertime ( Daylight Saving Time ) is in operation .
corrections might have to be made if single or double summertime ( daylight saving time ) is in [use] .

An operation is often the only cure for this painful condition .
an [use] is often the only cure for this painful condition .

In particular , footballers are prone to Gilmore 's groin — Paul Barker and Bryan Robson have both made a successful return to the sport after the operation .
in particular , footballers are prone to gilmore 's groin — paul barker and bryan robson have both made a successful return to the sport after the [use] .

City caterer High Table — a subsidiary of the French Group Elitair , which has multi-tenant schemes in France — is also looking at this type of operation .
city caterer high table — a subsidiary of the french group elitair , which has multi-tenant schemes in france — is also looking at this type of [use] .

By the end of March , after five months of operation , Springboard had placed 3,000 people in work , and , despite the recession , had handled over 200 vacancies a week .
by the end of march , after five months of [use] , springboard had placed 3,000 people in work , and , despite the recession , had handled over 200 vacancies a week .

The officer 's mess is a simple operation outside the prison gates where an appointed officer prepares meals for his colleagues .
the officer 's mess is a simple [use] outside the prison gates where an appointed officer prepares meals for his colleagues .

With the addition of café-style furniture , planning and decorative lighting , it could be a pleasant café operation serving teas , coffees and snacks , as well as acting as a focus of activity .
with the addition of café-style furniture , planning and decorative lighting , it could be a pleasant café [use] serving teas , coffees and snacks , as well as acting as a focus of activity .

Bryan Soppitt , sales director for Fast Food Systems , which also supplies standard Dean fryers , agrees with his colleagues in the frying industry that the trend is toward de-skilling the frying operation so as to rely less on staff in order to achieve quality and consistency in the end product .
bryan soppitt , sales director for fast food systems , which also supplies standard dean fryers , agrees with his colleagues in the frying industry that the trend is toward de-skilling the frying [use] so as to rely less on staff in order to achieve quality and consistency in the end product .

Its height also admitted light to illuminate the threshing operation and air for winnowing the husks from the threshed grain .
its height also admitted light to illuminate the threshing [use] and air for winnowing the husks from the threshed grain .

As the wind continues to rise it is decided to postpone the operation until it moderates — too many men 's fingers and hands at stake !
as the wind continues to rise it is decided to postpone the [use] until it moderates — too many men 's fingers and hands at stake !

Back in Marchwood the ‘ routine ’ operation of the port had continued .
back in marchwood the ‘ routine ’ [use] of the port had continued .

To do so would run the risk of compromising the most vulnerable part of the operation .
to do so would run the risk of compromising the most vulnerable part of the [use] .

The crane , for moving the ramps which connected the rigs together and the inshore rig to the beach , was tested for free operation .
the crane , for moving the ramps which connected the rigs together and the inshore rig to the beach , was tested for free [use] .

Wheelbarrow needs regular maintenance . here it is being checked over back in base after an operation
wheelbarrow needs regular maintenance . here it is being checked over back in base after an [use]

The static checkpoint operation continued for most of the day , relieved only When elements of the company were flown from their entrenched positions to set up snap checkpoints on roads that could not be covered permanently .
the static checkpoint [use] continued for most of the day , relieved only when elements of the company were flown from their entrenched positions to set up snap checkpoints on roads that could not be covered permanently .

When the doctors broke it to him that he would need an operation , his son noted that ‘ he is taking it like a hero .
when the doctors broke it to him that he would need an [use] , his son noted that ‘ he is taking it like a hero .

So when one producer or studio is responsible for a string of hits , it 's only necessary to find out what distinguishes its operation from that of other , less successful , operations , or what has changed when the same producer or studio hit a bum run , to discover what makes for successful film production .
so when one producer or studio is responsible for a string of hits , it 's only necessary to find out what distinguishes its [use] from that of other , less successful , operations , or what has changed when the same producer or studio hit a bum run , to discover what makes for successful film production .

The scheme should be in operation by the end of the year , and companies will be disciplined , even disconnected , if they persist in phoning any consumers whose names appear on the register .
the scheme should be in [use] by the end of the year , and companies will be disciplined , even disconnected , if they persist in phoning any consumers whose names appear on the register .

‘ The success of the operation was worth all the suffering ’
‘ the success of the [use] was worth all the suffering ’

Even Frank Dick , the coach close enough to him to be the one he ultimately asked to be with him for his operation , did not have an inkling until the competition in France that Thompson had not high-jumped in training all year .
even frank dick , the coach close enough to him to be the one he ultimately asked to be with him for his [use] , did not have an inkling until the competition in france that thompson had not high-jumped in training all year .

The next morning , a Sunday , he agreed to Dick 's suggestion to see a West German doctor , had tests done the following Wednesday and was referred to Zurich for an operation a week later .
the next morning , a sunday , he agreed to dick 's suggestion to see a west german doctor , had tests done the following wednesday and was referred to zurich for an [use] a week later .

This week , two weeks after the operation , he was limping well at his home in West London .
this week , two weeks after the [use] , he was limping well at his home in west london .

Does he regret now avoiding the operation all those years ago , before he failed to scale his own Olympian heights in Rome and Seoul ?
does he regret now avoiding the [use] all those years ago , before he failed to scale his own olympian heights in rome and seoul ?

Do n't ask me if it was a good game — it would be like asking a surgeon if it was a good operation .
do n't ask me if it was a good game — it would be like asking a surgeon if it was a good [use] .

Eurodisney share offering is no Mickey Mouse operation : Eurodisney 's share offer has drawn crowds but is not one for widows and orphans
eurodisney share offering is no mickey mouse [use] : eurodisney 's share offer has drawn crowds but is not one for widows and orphans

However a West German paper , the Tages Allgemeine Zeitung , published more details of Operation Ward on Thursday .
however a west german paper , the tages allgemeine zeitung , published more details of [use] ward on thursday .

In 1981 British intelligence took control of these agents under Operation Ward .
in 1981 british intelligence took control of these agents under [use] ward .

Separating passengers would add time to the tunnel journey and some observers believe it could destroy any time advantage over ferries , putting a question mark over Eurotunnel 's entire operation .
separating passengers would add time to the tunnel journey and some observers believe it could destroy any time advantage over ferries , putting a question mark over eurotunnel 's entire [use] .

Mr Herd said police forces were using a new command structure with one senior officer , referred to as ‘ gold ’ overseeing strategy for any big operation .
mr herd said police forces were using a new command structure with one senior officer , referred to as ‘ gold ’ overseeing strategy for any big [use] .

Evans Halshaw , which runs Britain 's largest chain of Ford dealerships in addition to selling a broad range of other marques , yesterday added another marque to its portfolio when Toyota granted the group a franchise at Stavordale Garages in the Wirral , Cheshire , after Evans bought the operation for £355,000 in cash .
evans halshaw , which runs britain 's largest chain of ford dealerships in addition to selling a broad range of other marques , yesterday added another marque to its portfolio when toyota granted the group a franchise at stavordale garages in the wirral , cheshire , after evans bought the [use] for £355,000 in cash .

One important role which typifications play , along with other factors , is in structuring the operation of police discretion .
one important role which typifications play , along with other factors , is in structuring the [use] of police discretion .

Yet studies of police discretion also emphasize how its operation is structured , so that to a great extent its use becomes standardized , although individual whim can not be ignored entirely .
yet studies of police discretion also emphasize how its [use] is structured , so that to a great extent its use becomes standardized , although individual whim can not be ignored entirely .

While there are formal rules by which discretion is effected , research shows that the primary means for standardizing its operation is the set of informal on-the-job rules of thumb developed within the occupational culture of the police .
while there are formal rules by which discretion is effected , research shows that the primary means for standardizing its [use] is the set of informal on-the-job rules of thumb developed within the occupational culture of the police .

One of the most important variables which structures the operation of discretion is whether the offender shows ‘ the right attitude ’ .
one of the most important variables which structures the [use] of discretion is whether the offender shows ‘ the right attitude ’ .

However , there were occasional instances where the ‘ right attitude ’ was undercut by two other interpretative processes which are crucial to the operation of discretion : the typifications used to classify the potential offender and the ‘ reasonableness of the excuse ’ .
however , there were occasional instances where the ‘ right attitude ’ was undercut by two other interpretative processes which are crucial to the [use] of discretion : the typifications used to classify the potential offender and the ‘ reasonableness of the excuse ’ .

The reasonableness of the individual 's excuse is also important in structuring the operation of discretion .
the reasonableness of the individual 's excuse is also important in structuring the [use] of discretion .

This chapter is intended to illustrate the operation of community policing in Easton , and in the process to assess the commitment given it by the ordinary policemen and women who carry it out , looking separately at the units responsible for community relations and neighbourhood policing .
this chapter is intended to illustrate the [use] of community policing in easton , and in the process to assess the commitment given it by the ordinary policemen and women who carry it out , looking separately at the units responsible for community relations and neighbourhood policing .

Thus the operation of discretion by juvenile liaison officers is structured by much the same variables as with the section police : ‘ It all depends upon their attitude .
thus the [use] of discretion by juvenile liaison officers is structured by much the same variables as with the section police : ‘ it all depends upon their attitude .

As we saw in the last chapter , the operation of discretion by the police is a particular fascination in the sociology of policing , but discretion is often viewed narrowly in terms of law : whether the police apply or omit the letter of the law .
as we saw in the last chapter , the [use] of discretion by the police is a particular fascination in the sociology of policing , but discretion is often viewed narrowly in terms of law : whether the police apply or omit the letter of the law .

The operation was conducted by three surgeons , led by Mr Peter Johnston , senior lecturer in surgery at Cambridge University .
the [use] was conducted by three surgeons , led by mr peter johnston , senior lecturer in surgery at cambridge university .

She had already been given an operation for biliary atresia which is designed to unblock or bypass the blockage leaving scar tissue which is more likely to bleed .
she had already been given an [use] for biliary atresia which is designed to unblock or bypass the blockage leaving scar tissue which is more likely to bleed .

These informants were turned over to British intelligence in 1981 under an operation code-named Ward .
these informants were turned over to british intelligence in 1981 under an [use] code-named ward .

Here , as inmates with red-rimmed eyes and ash-grey faces barter items like a shirt or a spoon for half a bowl of soup , a nightmarish market economy is seen in operation .
here , as inmates with red-rimmed eyes and ash-grey faces barter items like a shirt or a spoon for half a bowl of soup , a nightmarish market economy is seen in [use] .

Sir : Eurotunnel 's latest revenue forecasts for the first year of the tunnel 's operation are virtually unchanged from the forecasts made a year ago , and the long-term forecasts are up .
sir : eurotunnel 's latest revenue forecasts for the first year of the tunnel 's [use] are virtually unchanged from the forecasts made a year ago , and the long-term forecasts are up .

During this project the landlord of The Whip , a once notorious hostelry , was concerned that the vibration of the adjacent building operation would affect the quality of his beer .
during this project the landlord of the whip , a once notorious hostelry , was concerned that the vibration of the adjacent building [use] would affect the quality of his beer .

At the end of the 80s the famous Manchester firm of Boddingtons sold its brewing operation to Whitbread ; yet during 1988 alone , Claire Hunt has noted , Boddingtons undertook the refurbishment of 50 of their tied houses .
at the end of the 80s the famous manchester firm of boddingtons sold its brewing [use] to whitbread ; yet during 1988 alone , claire hunt has noted , boddingtons undertook the refurbishment of 50 of their tied houses .

Any mental picture will require interpretation , and this interpretation will be another mental operation , which , on the view that thinking is having mental pictures , will be another picture , which itself will require interpretation , and so on and so on .
any mental picture will require interpretation , and this interpretation will be another mental [use] , which , on the view that thinking is having mental pictures , will be another picture , which itself will require interpretation , and so on and so on .

According to one influential cognitive model ( Coltheart , 1985 ; see Figure 1 ) , there are two distinct reading routes that might come into operation when one is reading aloud .
according to one influential cognitive model ( coltheart , 1985 ; see figure 1 ) , there are two distinct reading routes that might come into [use] when one is reading aloud .

For instance the strength of the priming effect suggests that covert recognition reflects the otherwise intact operation of the normal face recognition system when it is cut off from some centre of consciousness ( Young and De Haan , 1988 ) rather than the operation of a separate , subsidiary face recognition system .
for instance the strength of the priming effect suggests that covert recognition reflects the otherwise intact [use] of the normal face recognition system when it is cut off from some centre of consciousness ( young and de haan , 1988 ) rather than the [use] of a separate , subsidiary face recognition system .

The device may have to be removed by a small operation .
the device may have to be removed by a small [use] .

Is effective immediately after the operation .
is effective immediately after the [use] .

Day-care operation if possible .
day-care [use] if possible .

Operation only takes 10–15 minutes .
[use] only takes 10–15 minutes .

When a glider is being moved around the airfield , one person should take charge of the whole operation and be responsible for the safety of the aircraft .
when a glider is being moved around the airfield , one person should take charge of the whole [use] and be responsible for the safety of the aircraft .

This operation needs to be explained and demonstrated to every student .
this [use] needs to be explained and demonstrated to every student .

With all the airspace restrictions in operation it is most important to keep track of your location so that the glider does not inadvertently stray into controlled airspace or other restricted areas .
with all the airspace restrictions in [use] it is most important to keep track of your location so that the glider does not inadvertently stray into controlled airspace or other restricted areas .

If the glider has an unfamiliar type of airbrake or flap , it is vital to check their operation and to understand the system involved in locking them .
if the glider has an unfamiliar type of airbrake or flap , it is vital to check their [use] and to understand the system involved in locking them .

Some emergency systems require operation of both the normal canopy catch and the jettison lever , and even then need a strong push up to get rid of the canopy .
some emergency systems require [use] of both the normal canopy catch and the jettison lever , and even then need a strong push up to get rid of the canopy .

Check the operation of the wheel brake .
check the [use] of the wheel brake .

Put in another way , force is underpinned by dominant values extensively shared by the population and which support the operation of the state .
put in another way , force is underpinned by dominant values extensively shared by the population and which support the [use] of the state .

The operation is a simple one but an effective one .
the [use] is a simple one but an effective one .

Everything that has happened to her over the past year has been genuine , from breaking her thumb to the operation , not to mention all the hassle she has had from standing by her father .
everything that has happened to her over the past year has been genuine , from breaking her thumb to the [use] , not to mention all the hassle she has had from standing by her father .

‘ Established organisations are often stretched in satisfying these varied needs which Tennis Interlink can help resolve through its London based operation .
‘ established organisations are often stretched in satisfying these varied needs which tennis interlink can help resolve through its london based [use] .

Ideas of centrality and marginality of place link to the status of activities and tie in with perceptions of derogatory and despised areas of operation .
ideas of centrality and marginality of place link to the status of activities and tie in with perceptions of derogatory and despised areas of [use] .

The remainder were taken up in the amalgamations of 1974 , which coincided with the creation of the Metropolitan Councils , and today 's amalgamated forces often seem to owe as much to local and national political opportunity than to any operational logic ; and even two decades after the first melding together of the small forces , attempts to standardize uniform and systems of operation has consistently failed to dislodge many localized , small-scale beliefs and practices .
the remainder were taken up in the amalgamations of 1974 , which coincided with the creation of the metropolitan councils , and today 's amalgamated forces often seem to owe as much to local and national political opportunity than to any operational logic ; and even two decades after the first melding together of the small forces , attempts to standardize uniform and systems of [use] has consistently failed to dislodge many localized , small-scale beliefs and practices .

In middle age he has experienced a breakdown , an identity crisis , which followed a long illness and an operation .
in middle age he has experienced a breakdown , an identity crisis , which followed a long illness and an [use] .

The hotel has just completed its first year of operation , which it celebrated with a month-long daily cake-cutting ceremony .
the hotel has just completed its first year of [use] , which it celebrated with a month-long daily cake-cutting ceremony .

The number of hotel-based leisure complexes that do not take into consideration the operation of a facility at the same time as its aesthetics are plain for all to see .
the number of hotel-based leisure complexes that do not take into consideration the [use] of a facility at the same time as its aesthetics are plain for all to see .

Not only are the most profitable customers encouraged to return , but subtle features are identified and fed into the operation so that guests feel personally cared for .
not only are the most profitable customers encouraged to return , but subtle features are identified and fed into the [use] so that guests feel personally cared for .

‘ When selling a system which has a full-control system at the heart of its operation , the first response is easily satisfied .
‘ when selling a system which has a full-control system at the heart of its [use] , the first response is easily satisfied .

As Lodgistix account manager Phillip Wanbon points out , different packages require different timescales for training , but he adds : ‘ We do guarantee to stay on site until we are fully satisfied that all the relevant personnel within the hotel or conference centre are competent enough to run an efficient operation with minimal help from us .
as lodgistix account manager phillip wanbon points out , different packages require different timescales for training , but he adds : ‘ we do guarantee to stay on site until we are fully satisfied that all the relevant personnel within the hotel or conference centre are competent enough to run an efficient [use] with minimal help from us .

Hotel chains and other groups can support systems specialists , but even independents could benefit from making individuals responsible for the operation of information technology systems .
hotel chains and other groups can support systems specialists , but even independents could benefit from making individuals responsible for the [use] of information technology systems .

Brown will probably be involved in passing it on to other sites as well as to colleagues at the Morgan Grenfell operation .
brown will probably be involved in passing it on to other sites as well as to colleagues at the morgan grenfell [use] .

Using all of the system 's facilities , management can analyse sales and staffing levels in multiple bars on a single site , or can view an entire operation remotely from a head office .
using all of the system 's facilities , management can analyse sales and staffing levels in multiple bars on a single site , or can view an entire [use] remotely from a head office .

The next is the crucial stage of the whole operation ; nothing else can correct it .
the next is the crucial stage of the whole [use] ; nothing else can correct it .

This another critical operation : a gap will be there for good .
this another critical [use] : a gap will be there for good .

This operation is not to be attempted by novices .
this [use] is not to be attempted by novices .

Since full control state information is displayed in the viewfinder port of the housing , the photographer can keep both hands on the housing and the eyes on the viewfinder port , concentrating on picture taking rather than housing operation .
since full control state information is displayed in the viewfinder port of the housing , the photographer can keep both hands on the housing and the eyes on the viewfinder port , concentrating on picture taking rather than housing [use] .

The Takaroa , operated by Cairns Underwater Camera Centre , is one such operation .
the takaroa , operated by cairns underwater camera centre , is one such [use] .

But it is not common for the pain from the operation to be stimulated solely by athletic activity , and a musculo-skeletal cause in the groin is far more likely .
but it is not common for the pain from the [use] to be stimulated solely by athletic activity , and a musculo-skeletal cause in the groin is far more likely .

Sometimes the testicles suffer from under or over-suspension , either of which can cause discomfort , but this is unlikely to have been caused by a vasectomy operation .
sometimes the testicles suffer from under or over-suspension , either of which can cause discomfort , but this is unlikely to have been caused by a vasectomy [use] .

In hospital for his knee operation , Grew had been unable to get his certification .
in hospital for his knee [use] , grew had been unable to get his certification .

The practical considerations involved in the storage of samples at a number of different conditions of temperature and humidity are related to the scale of the operation .
the practical considerations involved in the storage of samples at a number of different conditions of temperature and humidity are related to the scale of the [use] .

Silage-making is a more complex operation than haymaking .
silage-making is a more complex [use] than haymaking .

The smallholder , growing only a few rows , will probably ‘ dibble ’ the tubers into the original ridges by hand , thereby saving the subsequent ridging operation .
the smallholder , growing only a few rows , will probably ‘ dibble ’ the tubers into the original ridges by hand , thereby saving the subsequent ridging [use] .

Every held operation using tractors or horses inevitably causes some compaction and damage to soil structure ; it should therefore be the farmer 's aim to create the desired effect with the minimum of passes at exactly the right time .
every held [use] using tractors or horses inevitably causes some compaction and damage to soil structure ; it should therefore be the farmer 's aim to create the desired effect with the minimum of passes at exactly the right time .

Every operation will cause the loss of some soil moisture ; in dry conditions , therefore , cultivation should be kept to a minimum .
every [use] will cause the loss of some soil moisture ; in dry conditions , therefore , cultivation should be kept to a minimum .

Although tripodding involves an additional operation ( and unnecessary extra work in good weather ) , in high-rainfall areas it will often reduce the need for extra turning and tedding and the risk of crop loss or damage .
although tripodding involves an additional [use] ( and unnecessary extra work in good weather ) , in high-rainfall areas it will often reduce the need for extra turning and tedding and the risk of crop loss or damage .

On medium-sized and large farms , cereals are normally harvested by combine , which cuts , threshes , and winnows the grain in one operation .
on medium-sized and large farms , cereals are normally harvested by combine , which cuts , threshes , and winnows the grain in one [use] .

The scale of these stations was dictated not only by the numbers of passengers they had to handle and the imperial power they had to represent , but by the complexity of the Indian railway operation , and the range of facilities that had to be made available to the hierarchic and heterogeneous nature of the passenger traffic .
the scale of these stations was dictated not only by the numbers of passengers they had to handle and the imperial power they had to represent , but by the complexity of the indian railway [use] , and the range of facilities that had to be made available to the hierarchic and heterogeneous nature of the passenger traffic .

These were completed in the inter-war years , by which time the Lobito Bay railway in Angola and the Central African railway from Mozambique to Nyasaland were in operation .
these were completed in the inter-war years , by which time the lobito bay railway in angola and the central african railway from mozambique to nyasaland were in [use] .

Wedgwood had acquired the Barlaston estate in the 1930s , moving their whole operation there from Josiah Wedgwood 's original site at Etruria .
wedgwood had acquired the barlaston estate in the 1930s , moving their whole [use] there from josiah wedgwood 's original site at etruria .

Barns are best suited to operation ; of a ‘ craft ’ nature , rather than larger industrial undertakings .
barns are best suited to [use] ; of a ‘ craft ’ nature , rather than larger industrial undertakings .

They still want to take the park over and run it on a similar operation to Southsea/Rom .
they still want to take the park over and run it on a similar [use] to southsea/rom .

Remembering where Tweed had stayed once during a desperate operation in the past .
remembering where tweed had stayed once during a desperate [use] in the past .

‘ If you 're seeing me , get these people off my back , George — we 're supposed to be running an operation … ’
‘ if you 're seeing me , get these people off my back , george — we 're supposed to be running an [use] … ’

He saw no reason to explain that Buckmaster had emphasized he wanted Morgan to supervise the whole Tweed operation personally .
he saw no reason to explain that buckmaster had emphasized he wanted morgan to supervise the whole tweed [use] personally .

But the publicity machine had come into operation and nothing would stop it .
but the publicity machine had come into [use] and nothing would stop it .

Concealment of an eye operation is one of the worst deceptions and according to the show rules is to be prosecuted as a breeding violation .
concealment of an eye [use] is one of the worst deceptions and according to the show rules is to be prosecuted as a breeding violation .

The corollary to this was that a unit operating according to such principles would have to be trained to arrive on the scene of an operation by every practical method from land , sea or air .
the corollary to this was that a unit operating according to such principles would have to be trained to arrive on the scene of an [use] by every practical method from land , sea or air .

He had three months to train and equip his force before their first operation in November .
he had three months to train and equip his force before their first [use] in november .

Operation Crusader , Auchinleck 's offensive to push Rommel back out of Cyrenaica , was to be the largest armoured operation undertaken by British forces at that time .
[use] crusader , auchinleck 's offensive to push rommel back out of cyrenaica , was to be the largest armoured [use] undertaken by british forces at that time .

We have been in great difficulty during the last thirty six hours over an alleged parachute operation which you have in view .
we have been in great difficulty during the last thirty six hours over an alleged parachute [use] which you have in view .

The only conclusion that can be drawn from the above correspondence is that Stirling must have had some sort of operation in mind using parachutes during the period when he was returning from his second visit to Sirte .
the only conclusion that can be drawn from the above correspondence is that stirling must have had some sort of [use] in mind using parachutes during the period when he was returning from his second visit to sirte .

It is strongly recommended that after this operation the unit should be allowed to reform up to strength and be retrained as a parachute unit , and it should not be required to operate again before May .
it is strongly recommended that after this [use] the unit should be allowed to reform up to strength and be retrained as a parachute unit , and it should not be required to operate again before may .

The last two officers were both parachute instructors and were on their first operation .
the last two officers were both parachute instructors and were on their first [use] .

Once down on the road they headed for Bagoush , which ironically was the airfield from which they had taken off for their first disastrous operation the previous year .
once down on the road they headed for bagoush , which ironically was the airfield from which they had taken off for their first disastrous [use] the previous year .

Supply landing operation already laid on to last detail with Mid .
supply landing [use] already laid on to last detail with mid .

Only initiation of operation to have come from Eighth Army .
only initiation of [use] to have come from eighth army .

The planning of operations by those who are going to carry them out , obviates delay and misunderstandings which happen to be caused by intermediate stages , and makes for the speed of execution which in any operation of this kind is an incalculable asset .
the planning of operations by those who are going to carry them out , obviates delay and misunderstandings which happen to be caused by intermediate stages , and makes for the speed of execution which in any [use] of this kind is an incalculable asset .

Rommel had been forced to base his supply operation well to his rear , using the Tunisian ports of Sfax and Gabes .
rommel had been forced to base his supply [use] well to his rear , using the tunisian ports of sfax and gabes .

It is perhaps hardly surprising then that , faced with this kind of system in operation , councillors in Derbyshire and elsewhere should fight back with their own Realpolitik and hit where they think the effect will be most controversial .
it is perhaps hardly surprising then that , faced with this kind of system in [use] , councillors in derbyshire and elsewhere should fight back with their own realpolitik and hit where they think the effect will be most controversial .

The kind of media barrage of misinformation , lies and distorted perceptions that we have seen during these past weeks , is in fact one of the most important strategies of ‘ Operation Desert Storm ’ .
the kind of media barrage of misinformation , lies and distorted perceptions that we have seen during these past weeks , is in fact one of the most important strategies of ‘ [use] desert storm ’ .

The operation , and the lack of a correct diagnosis of her true illness , had killed her .
the [use] , and the lack of a correct diagnosis of her true illness , had killed her .

Panama After ‘ Operation Just Cause ’
panama after ‘ [use] just cause ’

Bush further justified ‘ Operation Just Cause ’ ( the Bush euphemism for the invasion ) with claims that overthrowing Noriega would provide a major victory in the war on drugs .
bush further justified ‘ [use] just cause ’ ( the bush euphemism for the invasion ) with claims that overthrowing noriega would provide a major victory in the war on drugs .

Sir Anthony Barrowclough was told that police had wanted to interview Mrs Elizabeth Barlow in 1981 over the collapse of a stockbroking firm which had links with another investment company , Farrington Stead , a similar operation to Barlow Clowes .
sir anthony barrowclough was told that police had wanted to interview mrs elizabeth barlow in 1981 over the collapse of a stockbroking firm which had links with another investment company , farrington stead , a similar [use] to barlow clowes .

Earlier another Bond director Mr Tony Oates said the corporation vigorously denied it had any knowledge of the alleged phone-bugging operation .
earlier another bond director mr tony oates said the corporation vigorously denied it had any knowledge of the alleged phone-bugging [use] .

Wild talk of intervention — whether by Hungary , or by a War saw Pact which has somehow redis covered its lost unity , or even in a joint operation with Nato — is merely post-cold war romancing .
wild talk of intervention — whether by hungary , or by a war saw pact which has somehow redis covered its lost unity , or even in a joint [use] with nato — is merely post-cold war romancing .

‘ This is not an undercover operation , ’ he said .
‘ this is not an undercover [use] , ’ he said .

Another of Dalkammoni 's associates who was arrested during Operation Autumn Leaves was Marwan Khreesat , known to be an expert bomb-maker .
another of dalkammoni 's associates who was arrested during [use] autumn leaves was marwan khreesat , known to be an expert bomb-maker .

He does n't smoke or drink , and even if he wanted to , two heart attacks and a by-pass operation have made the decision for him .
he does n't smoke or drink , and even if he wanted to , two heart attacks and a by-pass [use] have made the decision for him .

And the property development operation more than doubled profits .
and the property development [use] more than doubled profits .

But if the British Barlow Clowes operation had been within the licensing net , it is more likely that the Department of Trade would have found out at a much earlier stage that Mr Peter Clowes was running a parallel offshore operation — first in Jersey and then in Gibraltar .
but if the british barlow clowes [use] had been within the licensing net , it is more likely that the department of trade would have found out at a much earlier stage that mr peter clowes was running a parallel offshore [use] — first in jersey and then in gibraltar .

The Stock Exchange 's damning report was sent to the Bank of England and to the Department of Trade 's Licensing Unit , which had responsibility for allowing financial groups to stay in operation .
the stock exchange 's damning report was sent to the bank of england and to the department of trade 's licensing unit , which had responsibility for allowing financial groups to stay in [use] .

Allied-Lyons ' $325million takeover of American fast-food operation Dunkin' Donuts has just become unconditional .
allied-lyons ' $325million takeover of american fast-food [use] dunkin' donuts has just become unconditional .

The Jersey operation turned out to be run by Peter Clowes and operated one of the controversial offshore investment portfolios which later collapsed .
the jersey [use] turned out to be run by peter clowes and operated one of the controversial offshore investment portfolios which later collapsed .

They have lobbied hard for complete segregation on tunnel trains , similar to the operation of cross-Channel ferries .
they have lobbied hard for complete segregation on tunnel trains , similar to the [use] of cross-channel ferries .

The freight operation , which received over £50million of support in the mid-1980s , is set to make profits of £22million in the current year and £50 million by 1992/93 .
the freight [use] , which received over £50million of support in the mid-1980s , is set to make profits of £22million in the current year and £50 million by 1992/93 .

The parcels operation , which lost £18million in 1987/88 , is set to earn profits of £9million by 1992/93 , and investment is put at £35million .
the parcels [use] , which lost £18million in 1987/88 , is set to earn profits of £9million by 1992/93 , and investment is put at £35million .

Network SouthEast will be the only European commuter rail operation not supported by public money , and Mr Parkinson has ordered it to earn a commercial rate of return by 1995/96 , a move which implies further fare increases .
network southeast will be the only european commuter rail [use] not supported by public money , and mr parkinson has ordered it to earn a commercial rate of return by 1995/96 , a move which implies further fare increases .

By 1987 the numbers were so huge that the ability of the West to take in all comers was strained No force had been used in last week 's operation , he insisted .
by 1987 the numbers were so huge that the ability of the west to take in all comers was strained no force had been used in last week 's [use] , he insisted .

He also dismissed suggestions that the operation had been conducted under a blanket of secrecy when live television pictures were being screened worldwide as it was carried out .
he also dismissed suggestions that the [use] had been conducted under a blanket of secrecy when live television pictures were being screened worldwide as it was carried out .

The Liberal Democrat leader , Mr Paddy Ashdown , called last week 's repatriation operation a ‘ three o ’ clock knock ’ , and warned that it set an ‘ appalling example ’ to China , which would be responsible for the safekeeping of British subjects in the colony from 1997 .
the liberal democrat leader , mr paddy ashdown , called last week 's repatriation [use] a ‘ three o ’ clock knock ’ , and warned that it set an ‘ appalling example ’ to china , which would be responsible for the safekeeping of british subjects in the colony from 1997 .

‘ Operation Just Cause , ’ yesterday 's surprise invasion of Panama , will certainly wipe any lingering concern about the White House 's Chinese Realpolitik from the front pages .
‘ [use] just cause , ’ yesterday 's surprise invasion of panama , will certainly wipe any lingering concern about the white house 's chinese realpolitik from the front pages .

The whole operation does not so much aspire to style as do what it pleases with it .
the whole [use] does not so much aspire to style as do what it pleases with it .

Luton v Chelsea With Elstrup out of action following a cartilage operation , Harford is set to make his first appearance in Luton 's attack for seven months .
luton v chelsea with elstrup out of action following a cartilage [use] , harford is set to make his first appearance in luton 's attack for seven months .

Round was signed from St Helens for a club record of £65,000 in the summer of 1987 but he damaged a knee in his only game this season — at Carlisle in October — and needed a cartilage operation .
round was signed from st helens for a club record of £65,000 in the summer of 1987 but he damaged a knee in his only game this season — at carlisle in october — and needed a cartilage [use] .

Ellery Hanley is back at loose forward for the Regal Trophy semi-final with Castleford at Headingley today , while the New Zealand centre Kevin Iro also returns after recovering from an operation for cartilage trouble .
ellery hanley is back at loose forward for the regal trophy semi-final with castleford at headingley today , while the new zealand centre kevin iro also returns after recovering from an [use] for cartilage trouble .

The ruthless and indiscriminate way the weekend protests were suppressed is one side of its operation .
the ruthless and indiscriminate way the weekend protests were suppressed is one side of its [use] .

Dozens of people were injured during the police operation , including three Vietnamese who were taken to hospital .
dozens of people were injured during the police [use] , including three vietnamese who were taken to hospital .

The first group was sent home in a widely criticised night operation two weeks ago .
the first group was sent home in a widely criticised night [use] two weeks ago .

He said : ‘ The boat people , in order to make the operation more difficult , pushed their women and children to the front .
he said : ‘ the boat people , in order to make the [use] more difficult , pushed their women and children to the front .

When the printing operation of Mr Maxwell 's quoted company Maxwell Communications was taken over by its management this year , 24 per cent was retained by the former parent .
when the printing [use] of mr maxwell 's quoted company maxwell communications was taken over by its management this year , 24 per cent was retained by the former parent .

It is the biggest investigation in the history of the complaints authority , and into policing since the Operation Countryman inquiry into the Metropolitan Police in the 1970s .
it is the biggest investigation in the history of the complaints authority , and into policing since the [use] countryman inquiry into the metropolitan police in the 1970s .

The highlights of the operation were two night-time parachute assaults by the Rangers , one on the International Airport , the other on the Rio Jara base of the 7th company of the Panamanian Defence Forces .
the highlights of the [use] were two night-time parachute assaults by the rangers , one on the international airport , the other on the rio jara base of the 7th company of the panamanian defence forces .

But as the shooting and the mopping-up continued yesterday , the prospect of a protracted guerrilla operation began to loom over what the Pentagon had hoped would be a splendid Christmas victory .
but as the shooting and the mopping-up continued yesterday , the prospect of a protracted guerrilla [use] began to loom over what the pentagon had hoped would be a splendid christmas victory .

After weeks of planning , the first phase of the military operation went well .
after weeks of planning , the first phase of the military [use] went well .

But it is not clear whether the military operation which unfolded yesterday could have been organised in only four days .
but it is not clear whether the military [use] which unfolded yesterday could have been organised in only four days .

The operation could be ‘ mopped up ’ in three days , but troops may stay in place to perform a policing function , General Tom Kelly , a Pentagon official , said .
the [use] could be ‘ mopped up ’ in three days , but troops may stay in place to perform a policing function , general tom kelly , a pentagon official , said .

General Colin Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said : ‘ The operation is not over yet .
general colin powell , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said : ‘ the [use] is not over yet .

He had a successful hernia operation but was a regular visitor to Harley Street as additional deep-seated groin trouble failed to respond to treatment .
he had a successful hernia [use] but was a regular visitor to harley street as additional deep-seated groin trouble failed to respond to treatment .

Many cities run the trees through chippers , paying for the operation by selling the mulch or using it in public parks .
many cities run the trees through chippers , paying for the [use] by selling the mulch or using it in public parks .

So far , only Italy is involved but there 's a plan to widen the operation to other European countries .
so far , only italy is involved but there 's a plan to widen the [use] to other european countries .

This , however , is a two-person operation as the roof is too heavy and cumbersome for one .
this , however , is a two-person [use] as the roof is too heavy and cumbersome for one .

The operation took no more than 10 minutes and , once again , was carried out courteously and efficiently by Brunt and Davies , my wallet staying firmly in my pocket .
the [use] took no more than 10 minutes and , once again , was carried out courteously and efficiently by brunt and davies , my wallet staying firmly in my pocket .

The Rugeley Open on the Trent and Mersey Canal at Mossley went ahead after ice-breaking operation , although the attendance was kept down by poor road conditions .
the rugeley open on the trent and mersey canal at mossley went ahead after ice-breaking [use] , although the attendance was kept down by poor road conditions .

In some numbers he wrote half the contents ; in others , especially at the time of an operation on his eyes for glaucoma , little .
in some numbers he wrote half the contents ; in others , especially at the time of an [use] on his eyes for glaucoma , little .

This operation ( 1960 ) seriously delayed him , for it left one eye permanently damaged , and he was in the Purey-Cust nursing home by the minster in York and then had a convalescence of several weeks .
this [use] ( 1960 ) seriously delayed him , for it left one eye permanently damaged , and he was in the purey-cust nursing home by the minster in york and then had a convalescence of several weeks .

In 1939 , after several years of study , the Conservative government attempted to reorganize the rather inefficient operation of the two airlines and to encourage more competition .
in 1939 , after several years of study , the conservative government attempted to reorganize the rather inefficient [use] of the two airlines and to encourage more competition .

With the publication of the Foreign Relations of the United States volumes on the Korean War and the release of the British documents it was evident that Britain had played a major role in the important decisions taken in the early stages of the war , and in particular the decision to change the aim of the operation from being merely to repel the aggressor north of the 38th parallel to that of achieving a unified Korea .
with the publication of the foreign relations of the united states volumes on the korean war and the release of the british documents it was evident that britain had played a major role in the important decisions taken in the early stages of the war , and in particular the decision to change the aim of the [use] from being merely to repel the aggressor north of the 38th parallel to that of achieving a unified korea .

The naval support given immediately by Britain for the Korean operation was seen by the Foreign Office as a useful demonstration of Britain 's ‘ capacity to act as a world power with the support of the Commonwealth , and of its quickness to move when action rather than words are necessary ’ .
the naval support given immediately by britain for the korean [use] was seen by the foreign office as a useful demonstration of britain 's ‘ capacity to act as a world power with the support of the commonwealth , and of its quickness to move when action rather than words are necessary ’ .

Following General Douglas MacArthur 's initial victories the change in the nature of the Korean operation was very much a British initiative .
following general douglas macarthur 's initial victories the change in the nature of the korean [use] was very much a british initiative .

Great interest is shown in the activities and scenes depicted : the skill and panache with which cat 's cradle is demonstrated is commented on , the speed and technique of the weavers astounds , the making of crayfish pots and operation of eel weirs is studied intently .
great interest is shown in the activities and scenes depicted : the skill and panache with which cat 's cradle is demonstrated is commented on , the speed and technique of the weavers astounds , the making of crayfish pots and [use] of eel weirs is studied intently .

After he pulled out of the Ryman operation , however , he left manufacturing for good .
after he pulled out of the ryman [use] , however , he left manufacturing for good .

It had an active business operation side and Seaforth — the container port — was still being built .
it had an active business [use] side and seaforth — the container port — was still being built .

It is not always possible to give adequate thought to the future when caught up in the day-to-day running of an operation , but if you live the business , as Sir Hector unashamedly does , there are always less hectic times to mull over major issues .
it is not always possible to give adequate thought to the future when caught up in the day-to-day running of an [use] , but if you live the business , as sir hector unashamedly does , there are always less hectic times to mull over major issues .

Here we have an undoubted theoretical cause , and also the undoubted fact that this cause has been in operation on a massive scale .
here we have an undoubted theoretical cause , and also the undoubted fact that this cause has been in [use] on a massive scale .

The natural reaction to that situation would be to say : ‘ Well , let 's take the cause which is admitted to be in operation , and stop it , and then see if things are all right afterwards .
the natural reaction to that situation would be to say : ‘ well , let 's take the cause which is admitted to be in [use] , and stop it , and then see if things are all right afterwards .

It 's a dangerous operation to set out on .
it 's a dangerous [use] to set out on .

We therefore have : 1 ) the malady if it is a malady ; at any rate it is assumed to be a malady by the proponents of incomes policy ; 2 ) a theoretical cause of the malady , which is not disputed ; 3 ) the practical demonstration that this cause has been in operation ; and 4 ) the psychological explanation why that cause is desired , fomented and sustained by Governments .
we therefore have : 1 ) the malady if it is a malady ; at any rate it is assumed to be a malady by the proponents of incomes policy ; 2 ) a theoretical cause of the malady , which is not disputed ; 3 ) the practical demonstration that this cause has been in [use] ; and 4 ) the psychological explanation why that cause is desired , fomented and sustained by governments .

The Tsaritsyn gubpomgol was similar in structure and operation to other gubpomgoly .
the tsaritsyn gubpomgol was similar in structure and [use] to other gubpomgoly .

Under the direction of a director ( or a vice-president in the United States ) , the international operation co-ordinates the simultaneous , world-wide release of major artists ' product ; and it organizes the delivery of new and developing artists ' records , promotional material and videos to all overseas companies where these recordings are considered for release .
under the direction of a director ( or a vice-president in the united states ) , the international [use] co-ordinates the simultaneous , world-wide release of major artists ' product ; and it organizes the delivery of new and developing artists ' records , promotional material and videos to all overseas companies where these recordings are considered for release .

When a company runs a record and a publishing operation , there is some co-operation when signing artists .
when a company runs a record and a publishing [use] , there is some co-operation when signing artists .

Old-style publishing was based around retail sheet-music sales , but current publishing is a banking operation which involves taking a risk on an artist .
old-style publishing was based around retail sheet-music sales , but current publishing is a banking [use] which involves taking a risk on an artist .

It appeared piecemeal because — despite the takings of a Saturday — they just did n't have the finance to cover that kind of operation .
it appeared piecemeal because — despite the takings of a saturday — they just did n't have the finance to cover that kind of [use] .

Nonetheless , the movement was a vast operation , unparalleled in pre- or post-independence Africa .
nonetheless , the movement was a vast [use] , unparalleled in pre- or post-independence africa .

As a result they have also been trapped into importing food , an operation with considerable potential for losses , although ameliorated by exchange rate policy .
as a result they have also been trapped into importing food , an [use] with considerable potential for losses , although ameliorated by exchange rate policy .

If there is a prevailing thread in the history of these state-owned enterprises it is the constant under-assessment of risk — of the lack of imported materials to supply a manufacturing process , of failure in the supply of inputs ranging from petrol to fertilizer , of farming communities not producing the cash crops to keep a processing plant in operation , and of failing to find competent management for complex operations .
if there is a prevailing thread in the history of these state-owned enterprises it is the constant under-assessment of risk — of the lack of imported materials to supply a manufacturing process , of failure in the supply of inputs ranging from petrol to fertilizer , of farming communities not producing the cash crops to keep a processing plant in [use] , and of failing to find competent management for complex operations .

‘ Ours was a humble part of the operation but we were all full of admiration for the crews that carried out the raid in such difficult conditions . ’
‘ ours was a humble part of the [use] but we were all full of admiration for the crews that carried out the raid in such difficult conditions . ’

The Association has a total of three Eagle Lodges in operation , the others being Woodford House in Southport and The White House in Bexhill-on-Sea .
the association has a total of three eagle lodges in [use] , the others being woodford house in southport and the white house in bexhill-on-sea .

These were enacted in 1986 although most did not come into operation until April 1988 .
these were enacted in 1986 although most did not come into [use] until april 1988 .

Some measures have ‘ freed ’ the economy for the operation of market forces .
some measures have ‘ freed ’ the economy for the [use] of market forces .

Moreover , the tactics that the police employed raise wider questions about their motives in mounting this massive — and very costly — operation .
moreover , the tactics that the police employed raise wider questions about their motives in mounting this massive — and very costly — [use] .

Mark Aizlewood , Bradford City 's midfield player , has pulled out of the Welsh squad for their World Cup game against The Netherlands next week after having an operation on a fractured cheekbone yesterday .
mark aizlewood , bradford city 's midfield player , has pulled out of the welsh squad for their world cup game against the netherlands next week after having an [use] on a fractured cheekbone yesterday .

Marco van Basten , the European Footballer of the Year , gave European champions Milan a timely boost by returning to the squad for training this week for the first time since a cartilage operation on 1 September .
marco van basten , the european footballer of the year , gave european champions milan a timely boost by returning to the squad for training this week for the first time since a cartilage [use] on 1 september .

Bush operation
bush [use]

Britain will carry out a joint naval operation with Colombia in the Caribbean aimed at intercepting cocaine shipments .
britain will carry out a joint naval [use] with colombia in the caribbean aimed at intercepting cocaine shipments .

Arrow Air itself appears to have been involved in the Iran-Contra air supply operation .
arrow air itself appears to have been involved in the iran-contra air supply [use] .

Chief Superintendent Ken Mackay , in charge of the operation , said police had been aware of the large number of City supporters planning to arrive from Friday .
chief superintendent ken mackay , in charge of the [use] , said police had been aware of the large number of city supporters planning to arrive from friday .

It looks as if Mr Honecker , 77 and only slowly recovering from a gall-bladder operation , is incapable of grasping the situation in his country .
it looks as if mr honecker , 77 and only slowly recovering from a gall-bladder [use] , is incapable of grasping the situation in his country .

Nevertheless , as he began to recover from his operation , Mr Honecker clearly had to face the problem of the embassy refugees and the mass emigration , and the decision to let the first batch go was obviously his .
nevertheless , as he began to recover from his [use] , mr honecker clearly had to face the problem of the embassy refugees and the mass emigration , and the decision to let the first batch go was obviously his .

British Steel already held 15 per cent of the stockholder market through its own service centres operation .
british steel already held 15 per cent of the stockholder market through its own service centres [use] .

Sir : Shaun Waterman and Millard Scott ( letter , 5 October ) claim that the police operation on Friday criminalised and terrorised the Broadwater Farm Estate .
sir : shaun waterman and millard scott ( letter , 5 october ) claim that the police [use] on friday criminalised and terrorised the broadwater farm estate .

This operation was carried out as the only possible way of dealing with the menace of the drug dealers .
this [use] was carried out as the only possible way of dealing with the menace of the drug dealers .

The methods of the operation were absolutely necessary to gather evidence necessary for the courts , and were decided after full consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service .
the methods of the [use] were absolutely necessary to gather evidence necessary for the courts , and were decided after full consultation with the crown prosecution service .

They made it clear to all their colleagues who took part in that operation , and to the Press and observers at the briefing , that they will be supporting the community today , tomorrow and thereafter .
they made it clear to all their colleagues who took part in that [use] , and to the press and observers at the briefing , that they will be supporting the community today , tomorrow and thereafter .

Hundreds of passengers are converging on the one in operation .
hundreds of passengers are converging on the one in [use] .

When it comes to transforming a government-run scientific operation into a commercial venture , Worswick has a wealth of experience belied by his youthful 45 years .
when it comes to transforming a government-run scientific [use] into a commercial venture , worswick has a wealth of experience belied by his youthful 45 years .

However , there may be other mechanisms in operation .
however , there may be other mechanisms in [use] .

To streamline its management structure and improve profitability Philips Analytical has instigated ‘ Operation Centurion ’ — a company-wide programme aimed at controlling costs and seeking new business opportunities and partnerships , as well as improving management .
to streamline its management structure and improve profitability philips analytical has instigated ‘ [use] centurion ’ — a company-wide programme aimed at controlling costs and seeking new business opportunities and partnerships , as well as improving management .

Polymer Laboratories is supplying several thermal analysers including a simultaneous thermal analyser and a dielectric thermal analyser , as well as a computer software package for operation and data analysis .
polymer laboratories is supplying several thermal analysers including a simultaneous thermal analyser and a dielectric thermal analyser , as well as a computer software package for [use] and data analysis .

Wyeth ( Ireland ) , a subsidiary of American Home Products , is to invest £37m in a new tableting and packaging operation for therapeutic products , in Newbridge , County Kildare , Ireland .
wyeth ( ireland ) , a subsidiary of american home products , is to invest £37m in a new tableting and packaging [use] for therapeutic products , in newbridge , county kildare , ireland .

This is primarily due to process integration — eg filtration and drying have been combined for the first time in the Pergascript operation .
this is primarily due to process integration — eg filtration and drying have been combined for the first time in the pergascript [use] .

In such cases , it is possible that the inclusion of some physicochemical unit operation in the process may allow the overall treatment scheme to remove the target contaminants more effectively .
in such cases , it is possible that the inclusion of some physicochemical unit [use] in the process may allow the overall treatment scheme to remove the target contaminants more effectively .

Correct operation and control is essential .
correct [use] and control is essential .

There are two aspects of waste : unnecessary operation of fan motors ; and the extraction of heated laboratory air during the winter .
there are two aspects of waste : unnecessary [use] of fan motors ; and the extraction of heated laboratory air during the winter .

It is important to identify which fume cupboards need to operate overnight , and closing the fume cupboard door to the threshold level will allow low speed operation of two speed systems .
it is important to identify which fume cupboards need to operate overnight , and closing the fume cupboard door to the threshold level will allow low speed [use] of two speed systems .

Sensible operation need not make this so .
sensible [use] need not make this so .

On 1 August 1991 , Hickson & Welch Limited and Hickson Danchem , Hickson International 's US-based organic chemical operation , combined to form the Hickson Fine Chemicals Division .
on 1 august 1991 , hickson & welch limited and hickson danchem , hickson international 's us-based organic chemical [use] , combined to form the hickson fine chemicals division .

Further , there was a clear , emerging imperative to establish an explicit and visible distinction between the functions of the District and those of the Cambridge Board as earlier close , co-operative relationships were being eroded through the operation of the 1932 Adult Education Regulations and the ad hoc agreement between both providers in rural Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire .
further , there was a clear , emerging imperative to establish an explicit and visible distinction between the functions of the district and those of the cambridge board as earlier close , co-operative relationships were being eroded through the [use] of the 1932 adult education regulations and the ad hoc agreement between both providers in rural bedfordshire and cambridgeshire .

Other notable events in 1944 , included the Warsaw uprising against the German occupation of that city , just ahead of the advancing Russian troops ; also the liberation of Paris by Allied troops , with General de Gaulle given the honour of being welcomed there by his own nationals ; and the Allied airborne operation intended to reach the eastern bank of the Rhine , involving the battle at Arnhem .
other notable events in 1944 , included the warsaw uprising against the german occupation of that city , just ahead of the advancing russian troops ; also the liberation of paris by allied troops , with general de gaulle given the honour of being welcomed there by his own nationals ; and the allied airborne [use] intended to reach the eastern bank of the rhine , involving the battle at arnhem .

In September 1951 King George underwent an operation for cancer , but he died on 6th .
in september 1951 king george underwent an [use] for cancer , but he died on 6th .

The next step is to ensure that , from March , no one should have to wait more than 18 months for a hip or knee replacement or a cataract operation .
the next step is to ensure that , from march , no one should have to wait more than 18 months for a hip or knee replacement or a cataract [use] .

The problems of housing were more difficult for the individual to solve and assistance was necessary from both central government , in the form of finance , and from local government , in the form of flexibility in the operation of planning controls .
the problems of housing were more difficult for the individual to solve and assistance was necessary from both central government , in the form of finance , and from local government , in the form of flexibility in the [use] of planning controls .

Cameron Nielson Jr became the still centre of a hurricane , as collected and single-minded as a great neurosurgeon before an operation .
cameron nielson jr became the still centre of a hurricane , as collected and single-minded as a great neurosurgeon before an [use] .

Yesterday , the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate said that it had rejected the company 's plan to return Trawsfynydd 's reactor one to operation for six months of tests .
yesterday , the nuclear installations inspectorate said that it had rejected the company 's plan to return trawsfynydd 's reactor one to [use] for six months of tests .

Nuclear Electric said it will spend £800,000 on modifications to the plant and the case for its operation at lower power levels , which it hopes to submit by autumn for restart by the end of the year .
nuclear electric said it will spend £800,000 on modifications to the plant and the case for its [use] at lower power levels , which it hopes to submit by autumn for restart by the end of the year .

‘ The age at which she has the operation may be left to the woman .
‘ the age at which she has the [use] may be left to the woman .

He or she must be free to keep a careful eye on the operation of the analytical system and the data it produces .
he or she must be free to keep a careful eye on the [use] of the analytical system and the data it produces .

Apart from a range of genuine chemical species mentioned , in Operation Plum Pudding ( Fig .
apart from a range of genuine chemical species mentioned , in [use] plum pudding ( fig .

During Operation Moss one gets the impression that most males find it difficult to take Professor Jocelyn Peabody seriously ( Fig 2 ) .
during [use] moss one gets the impression that most males find it difficult to take professor jocelyn peabody seriously ( fig 2 ) .

Operation Plum Pudding ( reproduced from The best of Eagle annual 1951–59 ; used with permission of Fleetway 1991 ) .
[use] plum pudding ( reproduced from the best of eagle annual 1951–59 ; used with permission of fleetway 1991 ) .

Operation Moss ( from The best of Eagle annual 1951–1959 ; used with permission , Fleetway 1991 ) .
[use] moss ( from the best of eagle annual 1951–1959 ; used with permission , fleetway 1991 ) .

The chapter on molecular modelling dismisses much of three dimensional molecular visualisation with the comment , ‘ Besides the trivial operation of rotating the whole structure or selected substructures around a given bond ’ , and goes on to discuss comparison of molecular structures .
the chapter on molecular modelling dismisses much of three dimensional molecular visualisation with the comment , ‘ besides the trivial [use] of rotating the whole structure or selected substructures around a given bond ’ , and goes on to discuss comparison of molecular structures .

Managing the operation is Petre 's son Dominic , 25 , who actually lives in the house and will have to put up with disrupted weekends .
managing the [use] is petre 's son dominic , 25 , who actually lives in the house and will have to put up with disrupted weekends .

Managing the operation is Petre 's son Dominic , 25 , who actually lives in the house and will have to put up with disrupted weekends .
managing the [use] is petre 's son dominic , 25 , who actually lives in the house and will have to put up with disrupted weekends .

The five CMHTs varied greatly in their precise method of operation and these variations were hotly debated among themselves at times , but they all engaged in service development and came to see the generation of personal treatment plans as a prelude to service development rather than as being constrained by the existing service stock .
the five cmhts varied greatly in their precise method of [use] and these variations were hotly debated among themselves at times , but they all engaged in service development and came to see the generation of personal treatment plans as a prelude to service development rather than as being constrained by the existing service stock .

Clearly , the structure and mode of operation of mixed professional — paraprofessional teams will vary from one setting to another and it needs to be acknowledged that in a variety of situations it would be an inappropriate social service practice model .
clearly , the structure and mode of [use] of mixed professional — paraprofessional teams will vary from one setting to another and it needs to be acknowledged that in a variety of situations it would be an inappropriate social service practice model .

All functions which draw on public resources ( and most of the work by ‘ free organizations ’ is heavily subsidized out of public funds ) require a legal basis for their legitimate operation , and this also applies when statutory responsibilities are delegated to non-statutory services .
all functions which draw on public resources ( and most of the work by ‘ free organizations ’ is heavily subsidized out of public funds ) require a legal basis for their legitimate [use] , and this also applies when statutory responsibilities are delegated to non-statutory services .

The operation of a free market economy is upheld within a framework of minimalist state intervention .
the [use] of a free market economy is upheld within a framework of minimalist state intervention .

In particular it requires a more flexible approach to taxation , and the operation of the social services .
in particular it requires a more flexible approach to taxation , and the [use] of the social services .

The denial of opportunity which would arise from the operation of a different curriculum is not , however , inherent in the educational process .
the denial of opportunity which would arise from the [use] of a different curriculum is not , however , inherent in the educational process .

In the event , the government had to resort to Article 110 of the law , which comes into operation when there is a shortage of foreign exchange at the rates determined by the National Bank .
in the event , the government had to resort to article 110 of the law , which comes into [use] when there is a shortage of foreign exchange at the rates determined by the national bank .

At one time , some enterprises in the more developed regions invested in hotels on the Dalmatian coast in order to obtain scarce foreign exchange through the retention ratio system then in operation .
at one time , some enterprises in the more developed regions invested in hotels on the dalmatian coast in order to obtain scarce foreign exchange through the retention ratio system then in [use] .

To maintain his operation , Sangster needed a regular flow of Classic winners , but this dried up when the Maktoums arrived on the international scene with their limitless spending power .
to maintain his [use] , sangster needed a regular flow of classic winners , but this dried up when the maktoums arrived on the international scene with their limitless spending power .

Van Basten , the Milan striker whose goals were largely responsible for his country 's victory in the European Championship finals last year , has recovered from a knee operation on 1 September and played on Sunday in his club 's defeat at Cremona .
van basten , the milan striker whose goals were largely responsible for his country 's victory in the european championship finals last year , has recovered from a knee [use] on 1 september and played on sunday in his club 's defeat at cremona .

From 1993 a more sophisticated European operation called Ermes — European Radio Messaging System — will be introduced .
from 1993 a more sophisticated european [use] called ermes — european radio messaging system — will be introduced .

Another bomb , together with a quantity of ammunition , was later discovered inside the prison as a large-scale search operation was launched .
another bomb , together with a quantity of ammunition , was later discovered inside the prison as a large-scale search [use] was launched .

He has no chance of facing the tourists after suffering his fourth shoulder dislocation in Llanelli 's narrow home win over Neath and has been warned by doctors that unless he has a second operation he may never play again .
he has no chance of facing the tourists after suffering his fourth shoulder dislocation in llanelli 's narrow home win over neath and has been warned by doctors that unless he has a second [use] he may never play again .

Cathy Newman , author of the report , which is based on the project 's first two years of operation , from 1985-87 , said : ‘ Many of those involved in prostitution , particularly females , were the victims of physical abuse from the pimps they worked with .
cathy newman , author of the report , which is based on the project 's first two years of [use] , from 1985-87 , said : ‘ many of those involved in prostitution , particularly females , were the victims of physical abuse from the pimps they worked with .

The fact that Dagenham currently produces two cars makes the operation of the plant even more chaotic .
the fact that dagenham currently produces two cars makes the [use] of the plant even more chaotic .

Mr Honecker , 77 and still recovering from a gall-bladder operation , has so far flatly rejected all notions of change .
mr honecker , 77 and still recovering from a gall-bladder [use] , has so far flatly rejected all notions of change .

Detailed plans for Operation Mayibuye , an outline for guerrilla warfare and foreign intervention , were revealed .
detailed plans for [use] mayibuye , an outline for guerrilla warfare and foreign intervention , were revealed .

‘ To ensure the establishment of , and to keep in active operation , a Constituency Labour Party in every Constituency , … ’
‘ to ensure the establishment of , and to keep in active [use] , a constituency labour party in every constituency , … ’

Offences relating to the operation of aircraft , ships , and railways have not been prominent in the practice of English criminal law .
offences relating to the [use] of aircraft , ships , and railways have not been prominent in the practice of english criminal law .

In a sense , greater values are at stake in the operation of aircraft , ships , and railways , because many lives are involved , more than would normally be risked by the bad driving of a motor vehicle ( although there is an important exception here in the operation of buses and coaches , which are more akin to planes , boats , and trains ) .
in a sense , greater values are at stake in the [use] of aircraft , ships , and railways , because many lives are involved , more than would normally be risked by the bad driving of a motor vehicle ( although there is an important exception here in the [use] of buses and coaches , which are more akin to planes , boats , and trains ) .

Presumably he has remained at the back to supervise the operation .
presumably he has remained at the back to supervise the [use] .

Then of an old lady known , because of her big stomach , as ‘ Mrs Jones the Bol ’ , who after an operation for gall-stones boasted so much of their number and size that she was called thereafter ‘ Mrs Jones the Pebbly Beach ’ .
then of an old lady known , because of her big stomach , as ‘ mrs jones the bol ’ , who after an [use] for gall-stones boasted so much of their number and size that she was called thereafter ‘ mrs jones the pebbly beach ’ .

The control box also has a single button for cutterhead operation , emergency shut off and rocker switches for slewing and sensor control .
the control box also has a single button for cutterhead [use] , emergency shut off and rocker switches for slewing and sensor control .

Heavy rainfall , such as 17mm ( ⅔in ) in one night on a Hampshire operation , is making progress difficult , he said .
heavy rainfall , such as 17mm ( ⅔in ) in one night on a hampshire [use] , is making progress difficult , he said .

At least five fire-beating tools must be available , and all vehicles used in the operation must carry fire extinguishers .
at least five fire-beating tools must be available , and all vehicles used in the [use] must carry fire extinguishers .

The dairying operation is now so large that it will soon need to be run as a separate company , and all three of the Rowlands ' children are involved in the enterprise .
the dairying [use] is now so large that it will soon need to be run as a separate company , and all three of the rowlands ' children are involved in the enterprise .

Direct-injection diesels can be converted to gas operation using the Nebula piston ( right ) , which concentrates existing swirl in an open chamber for low NOx-output combustion .
direct-injection diesels can be converted to gas [use] using the nebula piston ( right ) , which concentrates existing swirl in an open chamber for low nox-output combustion .

He was just completing the operation , relieved that no one had commented on his obvious injury , when Mary Ann said :
he was just completing the [use] , relieved that no one had commented on his obvious injury , when mary ann said :

He also insists that it wo n't be a fly-by-night operation , that his commitment to the community is lasting and genuine .
he also insists that it wo n't be a fly-by-night [use] , that his commitment to the community is lasting and genuine .

It 's gone from dream factory creating durable , distinct genres to a more flexible operation trying to respond to small audience groups , to fashionable whims .
it 's gone from dream factory creating durable , distinct genres to a more flexible [use] trying to respond to small audience groups , to fashionable whims .

Charity relieved him of it carefully and set about the operation with skill and familiarity .
charity relieved him of it carefully and set about the [use] with skill and familiarity .

‘ The Commanding Officer wants us to think of this operation as a five furlong sprint .
‘ the commanding officer wants us to think of this [use] as a five furlong sprint .

‘ They want to do an operation , pet , ’ Gloria explained at visiting time .
‘ they want to do an [use] , pet , ’ gloria explained at visiting time .

For your operation .
for your [use] .

Charles Trevelyan , who was Chief Secretary of the Treasury at the time of the famine in Ireland , regarded the tragedy as due to ‘ the operation of natural causes ’ ; the unhappy Irish were victims of Providence , as expressed in the laws of supply and demand .
charles trevelyan , who was chief secretary of the treasury at the time of the famine in ireland , regarded the tragedy as due to ‘ the [use] of natural causes ’ ; the unhappy irish were victims of providence , as expressed in the laws of supply and demand .

It had been a conspicuous feature of the Wesleyan and Evangelical revival to illustrate the operation of God 's grace by drawing attention to divine intervention in the lives of the elect . Richard Cecil frequently insisted on this ‘ doctrine of a particular providence ’ , writing in his sermon notes :
it had been a conspicuous feature of the wesleyan and evangelical revival to illustrate the [use] of god 's grace by drawing attention to divine intervention in the lives of the elect . richard cecil frequently insisted on this ‘ doctrine of a particular providence ’ , writing in his sermon notes :

Chloroform had already been employed by Dr James Simpson , Professor of obstetrics at the University of Glasgow ; ether had first been used in 1846 by Dr Robert Liston for an operation at University College Hospital in London .
chloroform had already been employed by dr james simpson , professor of obstetrics at the university of glasgow ; ether had first been used in 1846 by dr robert liston for an [use] at university college hospital in london .

In line with the general emphasis on blood in the exilic Priestly tradition , tremendous importance was attached to the actual blood of the circumcision , and unless several drops of blood were seen to issue from the wound , the operation was deemed invalid and valueless .
in line with the general emphasis on blood in the exilic priestly tradition , tremendous importance was attached to the actual blood of the circumcision , and unless several drops of blood were seen to issue from the wound , the [use] was deemed invalid and valueless .

This is not to say that removal of the clitoris was a routine operation either in the States or in Europe at the end of the nineteenth century .
this is not to say that removal of the clitoris was a routine [use] either in the states or in europe at the end of the nineteenth century .

Smith described an operation to remove ‘ enlarged nymphae ’ where the patient behaved in a sexual way .
smith described an [use] to remove ‘ enlarged nymphae ’ where the patient behaved in a sexual way .

According to Dr Tanner in The Lancet of 1849 , ether used in an operation on the vagina of a prostitute incited ‘ lascivious dreams ’ .
according to dr tanner in the lancet of 1849 , ether used in an [use] on the vagina of a prostitute incited ‘ lascivious dreams ’ .

He did not attempt the removal of the pyjama jacket , but suddenly stood up and began to pull the red trousers down and get them off ; and it seemed that Patrick , shifting very slightly , assisted the operation , his eyes now moving in awareness of what Marcus was doing .
he did not attempt the removal of the pyjama jacket , but suddenly stood up and began to pull the red trousers down and get them off ; and it seemed that patrick , shifting very slightly , assisted the [use] , his eyes now moving in awareness of what marcus was doing .

This operation took most of the morning .
this [use] took most of the morning .

The life of a business or operation may also be at risk for few industries have such a strong and demanding legal code where failure to comply may result in immediate closure or prosecution .
the life of a business or [use] may also be at risk for few industries have such a strong and demanding legal code where failure to comply may result in immediate closure or prosecution .

Cleaning does not contribute anything positive in terms of product manufactured or meals served so results must be achieved efficiently at minimum cost and disruption to the main operation .
cleaning does not contribute anything positive in terms of product manufactured or meals served so results must be achieved efficiently at minimum cost and disruption to the main [use] .

There is no single solution applicable to every operation .
there is no single solution applicable to every [use] .

Disinfection is not a universal requirement nor is it necessary on the majority of surfaces within any food operation .
disinfection is not a universal requirement nor is it necessary on the majority of surfaces within any food [use] .

Of the three heat disinfection is the most reliable and effective and , depending on the operation , usually the cheapest .
of the three heat disinfection is the most reliable and effective and , depending on the [use] , usually the cheapest .

Thus the most appropriate product will vary according to the demands of a particular operation
thus the most appropriate product will vary according to the demands of a particular [use]

Sinks , generally regarded as fixtures , are the basis of any cleaning operation big or small .
sinks , generally regarded as fixtures , are the basis of any cleaning [use] big or small .

Improvised cleaning tanks may be used in every operation from baines marie , jacketed boilers , bratt pans and friers in kitchens to process vats in major operations .
improvised cleaning tanks may be used in every [use] from baines marie , jacketed boilers , bratt pans and friers in kitchens to process vats in major operations .

Delivery is not adjustable between 1–2 fluid ounces being delivered per operation .
delivery is not adjustable between 1–2 fluid ounces being delivered per [use] .

Restrictors can be fitted on the feed pipe delaying the return of the plunger after operation and thereby limiting over-use of the chemical .
restrictors can be fitted on the feed pipe delaying the return of the plunger after [use] and thereby limiting over-use of the chemical .

Most are commonplace but no matter how sophisticated an operation some of them will be used .
most are commonplace but no matter how sophisticated an [use] some of them will be used .

Better known since cheap domestic models became available these are valuable and indispensable tools that should be part of every food operation .
better known since cheap domestic models became available these are valuable and indispensable tools that should be part of every food [use] .

The general sequence of operation tends to be the same for all types with a pre-rinse , to purge the food residues , followed by a hot caustic wash and then a highly diluted cold acid rinse .
the general sequence of [use] tends to be the same for all types with a pre-rinse , to purge the food residues , followed by a hot caustic wash and then a highly diluted cold acid rinse .

Operation is dependent on using the correct chemical products at the appropriate dilutions in the correct sequence with correct temperatures and a flow rate that will ensure maximum turbulence .
[use] is dependent on using the correct chemical products at the appropriate dilutions in the correct sequence with correct temperatures and a flow rate that will ensure maximum turbulence .

Manual types are basically lightweight extension ladders with a base frame and stabilisers and a top mounted working cage for one man operation .
manual types are basically lightweight extension ladders with a base frame and stabilisers and a top mounted working cage for one man [use] .

This can not be done from behind a desk as it requires direct observation of the operation , sometimes for an extended period , to find out what is actually done on site as well as what should be done . Details should be taken regarding all equipment and areas under four headings :
this can not be done from behind a desk as it requires direct observation of the [use] , sometimes for an extended period , to find out what is actually done on site as well as what should be done . details should be taken regarding all equipment and areas under four headings :

In case of doubt , or where results may be not representative of the product capability for reasons outside the scope of the trial , such as staff sickness with certain cleaning tasks not being carried out , a typical situation may be set up and a specific cleaning operation carried out reproducing typical use conditions .
in case of doubt , or where results may be not representative of the product capability for reasons outside the scope of the trial , such as staff sickness with certain cleaning tasks not being carried out , a typical situation may be set up and a specific cleaning [use] carried out reproducing typical use conditions .

Cleaning is often carried out at ‘ unsocial hours ’ when the key holders to the store are not available or the store may be some distance from the area of operation .
cleaning is often carried out at ‘ unsocial hours ’ when the key holders to the store are not available or the store may be some distance from the area of [use] .

Consistent cleanliness ; is only achieved if a manager personally accepts that cleaning is a necessary and important part of a food operation .
consistent cleanliness ; is only achieved if a manager personally accepts that cleaning is a necessary and important part of a food [use] .

Allied to , but different from , acknowledging the need securing commitment is a matter of ensuring that everyone connected with the operation is personally committed to maintaining standards .
allied to , but different from , acknowledging the need securing commitment is a matter of ensuring that everyone connected with the [use] is personally committed to maintaining standards .

It does however embody an important principle that a working operation , no matter how good , can not be absolutely clean .
it does however embody an important principle that a working [use] , no matter how good , can not be absolutely clean .

Some discretion can be allowed on the interpretation of a fault depending on how critical the operation is . Some of the interpretations used are :
some discretion can be allowed on the interpretation of a fault depending on how critical the [use] is . some of the interpretations used are :

Whatever standard is set it should be relevant to the operation , clearly stated and effectively communicated
whatever standard is set it should be relevant to the [use] , clearly stated and effectively communicated

Providing the means therefore is a question of balance achieved by satisfying the relationship between labour and other energy forms while integrating the whole cleaning function with the rest of the operation .
providing the means therefore is a question of balance achieved by satisfying the relationship between labour and other energy forms while integrating the whole cleaning function with the rest of the [use] .

The development of a career structure within the cleaning operation , enabling promotion on merit , with facilities at senior level to transfer into mainstream management .
the development of a career structure within the cleaning [use] , enabling promotion on merit , with facilities at senior level to transfer into mainstream management .

Routine secondment of production staff to the cleaning operation and vice versa and cross-promotion
routine secondment of production staff to the cleaning [use] and vice versa and cross-promotion

What appears clean to one person will not necessarily appear clean to another and , even to the same person , an operation where standards are constant may present a different picture on different days .
what appears clean to one person will not necessarily appear clean to another and , even to the same person , an [use] where standards are constant may present a different picture on different days .

If therefore the cleaning operation intends to combine chemical and brushing action a specific technique should be used .
if therefore the cleaning [use] intends to combine chemical and brushing action a specific technique should be used .

The whole spray operation can be carried out without moving position .
the whole spray [use] can be carried out without moving position .

The whole operation however is more efficient with two persons with one applying and the other following and drying .
the whole [use] however is more efficient with two persons with one applying and the other following and drying .

The cleaner should work facing the flat of the blade which means changing position during the operation and necessitates clear access around the machine .
the cleaner should work facing the flat of the blade which means changing position during the [use] and necessitates clear access around the machine .

They derive from both the operation of large units ( often highly mechanised and characterised by monoculture and high energy demands sometimes supplied from local sources ) ; and the small peasantry itself which has to work for part of its income on larger enterprises .
they derive from both the [use] of large units ( often highly mechanised and characterised by monoculture and high energy demands sometimes supplied from local sources ) ; and the small peasantry itself which has to work for part of its income on larger enterprises .

The case of Operation Food Production launched in 1980 is such an example , where enormous state farms have been set up to solve the ‘ food problem ’ once and for all .
the case of [use] food production launched in 1980 is such an example , where enormous state farms have been set up to solve the ‘ food problem ’ once and for all .

Family planning practice as made possible by an operation such as vasectomy or tubeligation , or the use of physical contraceptives makes the prevention of birth explicit and deliberate .
family planning practice as made possible by an [use] such as vasectomy or tubeligation , or the use of physical contraceptives makes the prevention of birth explicit and deliberate .

Apart from a short period , the mint was in operation until 1784 .
apart from a short period , the mint was in [use] until 1784 .

The decentring of the author as the source and guarantee of his/her discourse , and the increasing preoccupation with the operation of intertextuality in the novel could be demonstrated to be reflected in the work of the nouveaux romanciers .
the decentring of the author as the source and guarantee of his/her discourse , and the increasing preoccupation with the [use] of intertextuality in the novel could be demonstrated to be reflected in the work of the nouveaux romanciers .

The textual practices of these nouveaux romanciers reveal a much greater similarity than was previously the case : under Ricardou 's stewardship , a new aesthetic programme seems to have been in operation .
the textual practices of these nouveaux romanciers reveal a much greater similarity than was previously the case : under ricardou 's stewardship , a new aesthetic programme seems to have been in [use] .

In most cases the landlord is also the commission agent who purchases produce wholesale and either auctions it in the local market or arranges for it to be boxed and exported to Amman , an operation which requires friendly relations with the authorities in Amman .
in most cases the landlord is also the commission agent who purchases produce wholesale and either auctions it in the local market or arranges for it to be boxed and exported to amman , an [use] which requires friendly relations with the authorities in amman .

Thanks to the operation of Murphy 's Law relating to parents , they were coming downstairs hand-in-hand just as Jo 's mother walked in the door ; nobody in the whole room could have missed the flash of alarm in Lorna Lewis 's huge , upswept , blue eyes when she saw her elder daughter coming downstairs with a boy .
thanks to the [use] of murphy 's law relating to parents , they were coming downstairs hand-in-hand just as jo 's mother walked in the door ; nobody in the whole room could have missed the flash of alarm in lorna lewis 's huge , upswept , blue eyes when she saw her elder daughter coming downstairs with a boy .

If latent inhibition and habituation reflect the operation of a common mechanism , then procedural variations that modify the magnitude of one of these phenomena should have a similar effect on the other .
if latent inhibition and habituation reflect the [use] of a common mechanism , then procedural variations that modify the magnitude of one of these phenomena should have a similar effect on the other .

Indeed , some ( Bhatt and Wasserman 1989 ) have argued that the ability of an animal to respond in the same way to a range of different stimuli should be ascribed to the operation of a conceptual category only when mediated generalization can be demonstrated among these stimuli .
indeed , some ( bhatt and wasserman 1989 ) have argued that the ability of an animal to respond in the same way to a range of different stimuli should be ascribed to the [use] of a conceptual category only when mediated generalization can be demonstrated among these stimuli .

And attempts to demonstrate empirically the operation of an acquired equivalence mechanism distinct from that responsible for acquired distinctiveness have proved unsuccessful .
and attempts to demonstrate empirically the [use] of an acquired equivalence mechanism distinct from that responsible for acquired distinctiveness have proved unsuccessful .

The aim is to launch as a pilot operation at least 8 packs at the Survival level in late autumn 1989/early spring 1990 using Milan , Italy as a test market .
the aim is to launch as a pilot [use] at least 8 packs at the survival level in late autumn 1989/early spring 1990 using milan , italy as a test market .

What does , however , seem likely is that the great marketing operation for citizenship education , like that of citizenship before it , has involved the promotion of a product which its advertisers do not fully comprehend .
what does , however , seem likely is that the great marketing [use] for citizenship education , like that of citizenship before it , has involved the promotion of a product which its advertisers do not fully comprehend .

The operation of the electoral system has changed as a result of alterations in the level and distribution of support for the political parties , so that the value of a vote is far less for the supporters of some parties than others and in some constituencies than in others .
the [use] of the electoral system has changed as a result of alterations in the level and distribution of support for the political parties , so that the value of a vote is far less for the supporters of some parties than others and in some constituencies than in others .

Catherine Holton , joined to her sister Eilish from the shoulder to the hip , suffered heart failure four days after the 15-hour operation .
catherine holton , joined to her sister eilish from the shoulder to the hip , suffered heart failure four days after the 15-hour [use] .

Prof Lewis Spitz , who headed the 25-strong team of specialists during the operation , said he believed Catherine had simply been unable to live without her sister .
prof lewis spitz , who headed the 25-strong team of specialists during the [use] , said he believed catherine had simply been unable to live without her sister .

There were no unexpected occurrences during the operation — that 's why we were so upset .
there were no unexpected occurrences during the [use] — that 's why we were so upset .

Prof Spitz , Nuffield professor of paediatric surgery , added : ‘ We would never have started the operation if we thought one was n't going to survive , and the parents would never have wanted it . ’
prof spitz , nuffield professor of paediatric surgery , added : ‘ we would never have started the [use] if we thought one was n't going to survive , and the parents would never have wanted it . ’

The operation , involving seven surgeons and five anaesthetists , began at 8am last Wednesday and ended at midnight .
the [use] , involving seven surgeons and five anaesthetists , began at 8am last wednesday and ended at midnight .

The parents , he said , had been devastated by the loss of one child but accepted the operation was necessary to ensure survival in any form .
the parents , he said , had been devastated by the loss of one child but accepted the [use] was necessary to ensure survival in any form .

He still believed the operation was worthwhile .
he still believed the [use] was worthwhile .

All eight were rescued unharmed on Tuesday morning after an operation in which Mr Friend 's experience as rescue team captain helped to keep morale high .
all eight were rescued unharmed on tuesday morning after an [use] in which mr friend 's experience as rescue team captain helped to keep morale high .

But Mr David Smith , director of the Conservatives Abroad operation , believes the Tory drive is electorally worthwhile .
but mr david smith , director of the conservatives abroad [use] , believes the tory drive is electorally worthwhile .

The suggestion was that his subordinates might have been running the illegal operation .
the suggestion was that his subordinates might have been running the illegal [use] .

The significant features of Arazi 's victory over Supermec and River Majesty were that the knee operation carried out last November appeared to have no effects and , this time , the colt was not racing on medication , as he had been when winning the Breeders ' Cup Juvenile .
the significant features of arazi 's victory over supermec and river majesty were that the knee [use] carried out last november appeared to have no effects and , this time , the colt was not racing on medication , as he had been when winning the breeders ' cup juvenile .

Lenihan , 32 , who made the first of his 52 international appearances against Australia in 1981 , missed all of last season 's Five Nations programme after an operation to repair damage to his neck .
lenihan , 32 , who made the first of his 52 international appearances against australia in 1981 , missed all of last season 's five nations programme after an [use] to repair damage to his neck .

Lenihan , 32 , who made the first of his 52 international appearances against Australia in 1981 , missed all of last season 's Five Nations programme after undergoing an operation to repair damage to his neck .
lenihan , 32 , who made the first of his 52 international appearances against australia in 1981 , missed all of last season 's five nations programme after undergoing an [use] to repair damage to his neck .

When the calls come in — often from people only mildly curious about what their items might fetch — the operation begins in earnest , with the knocker boys changing into smart suits and affecting Cork Street accents .
when the calls come in — often from people only mildly curious about what their items might fetch — the [use] begins in earnest , with the knocker boys changing into smart suits and affecting cork street accents .

With such a carefully organised operation it 's puzzling that Langan 's should be so unwelcoming .
with such a carefully organised [use] it 's puzzling that langan 's should be so unwelcoming .

Pioneering operation that brought grief and joy
pioneering [use] that brought grief and joy

She was the first Siamese twin of her kind after an operation in March 1985 performed at Great Ormond Street Hospital by Prof Spitz .
she was the first siamese twin of her kind after an [use] in march 1985 performed at great ormond street hospital by prof spitz .

Holly had a normal heart and made good progress but Carly , who had a heart defect , died on April 10 1985 , after a three-hour operation to clear a bile duct .
holly had a normal heart and made good progress but carly , who had a heart defect , died on april 10 1985 , after a three-hour [use] to clear a bile duct .

The team of 28 medical , nursing and technical staff at Great Ormond Street , feared both children would be lost at one point in the operation .
the team of 28 medical , nursing and technical staff at great ormond street , feared both children would be lost at one point in the [use] .

‘ We can not forecast the success of a reversal operation in an individual case , but we can now tell each patient that it is more likely the operation will succeed than fail , ’ she said .
‘ we can not forecast the success of a reversal [use] in an individual case , but we can now tell each patient that it is more likely the [use] will succeed than fail , ’ she said .

-owned by Hutchison Whampoa of Hong Kong , announced the launch of Rabbit , its telepoint network business and a satellite-based paging operation .
-owned by hutchison whampoa of hong kong , announced the launch of rabbit , its telepoint network business and a satellite-based paging [use] .

‘ We have gone one-third of the way to where we want to be , ’ Mr Jones said of the restructuring which has sold off the Grattan mail-order business for £167½m , cut debts in the Club 24 credit operation , improved trading in the core retail division and strengthened the balance sheet .
‘ we have gone one-third of the way to where we want to be , ’ mr jones said of the restructuring which has sold off the grattan mail-order business for £167½m , cut debts in the club 24 credit [use] , improved trading in the core retail division and strengthened the balance sheet .

Suggestions that the Bank of England may have been behind the operation were rejected by market professionals .
suggestions that the bank of england may have been behind the [use] were rejected by market professionals .

The operation by fund managers was thought to be purely tactical , to avoid the risk of a sharp fall in the currency followed by an equally sharp rise should the next government decide to apply the remedy of higher interest rates .
the [use] by fund managers was thought to be purely tactical , to avoid the risk of a sharp fall in the currency followed by an equally sharp rise should the next government decide to apply the remedy of higher interest rates .

Such is the charisma of a man who has just had seven weeks off following an operation on an old knee injury and has played only two tournaments .
such is the charisma of a man who has just had seven weeks off following an [use] on an old knee injury and has played only two tournaments .

Mr Souness has promised to keep in touch with events at Anfield less than 24 hours after his operation .
mr souness has promised to keep in touch with events at anfield less than 24 hours after his [use] .

One player who will definitely not be playing at Wembley is United 's England Under-21 international , Mark Robins , who yesterday went into hospital for a cartilage operation .
one player who will definitely not be playing at wembley is united 's england under-21 international , mark robins , who yesterday went into hospital for a cartilage [use] .

‘ No operation is risk-free from a surgical point of view , nor is it from a transfusion point of view . ’
‘ no [use] is risk-free from a surgical point of view , nor is it from a transfusion point of view . ’

But the operation marked a turning-point .
but the [use] marked a turning-point .

Souness in hospital for heart bypass operation
souness in hospital for heart bypass [use]

Club officials disclosed that Mr Souness had kept news of the operation secret from the players so they could concentrate on the match against Portsmouth .
club officials disclosed that mr souness had kept news of the [use] secret from the players so they could concentrate on the match against portsmouth .

Arazi underwent an operation for an arthritic knee in the United States , shortly after winning at Churchill Downs , a precautionary move by vets which Boutin considered unnecessary .
arazi underwent an [use] for an arthritic knee in the united states , shortly after winning at churchill downs , a precautionary move by vets which boutin considered unnecessary .

Coventry manager Don Howe , who underwent a similar operation nearly four years ago , said there was no reason why Mr Souness , 38 , should not be back at his desk well before the start of next season .
coventry manager don howe , who underwent a similar [use] nearly four years ago , said there was no reason why mr souness , 38 , should not be back at his desk well before the start of next season .

While there is a history of heart conditions in the Souness family — his father had a by-pass operation three years ago — there is no doubt that the added pressures of managing one of England 's top clubs has accentuated the problem .
while there is a history of heart conditions in the souness family — his father had a by-pass [use] three years ago — there is no doubt that the added pressures of managing one of england 's top clubs has accentuated the problem .

Modern medical technology suggests that Mr Souness 's operation should not be life threatening but his predicament indicates he has become the latest to succumb to the strain of football management .
modern medical technology suggests that mr souness 's [use] should not be life threatening but his predicament indicates he has become the latest to succumb to the strain of football management .

Don Howe is mounting a battle against relegation at Coventry after undergoing a by-pass operation following the European Championship in 1988 , when he was England 's coach .
don howe is mounting a battle against relegation at coventry after undergoing a by-pass [use] following the european championship in 1988 , when he was england 's coach .

Johan Cruyff is challenging for the European Cup with Barcelona after he had the operation last year .
johan cruyff is challenging for the european cup with barcelona after he had the [use] last year .

It is certain that the news of Mr Souness 's impending operation will have created a few more worry lines of the face of First Division management .
it is certain that the news of mr souness 's impending [use] will have created a few more worry lines of the face of first division management .

in the operation , which is being hived off into a new company , Corporate Jets .
in the [use] , which is being hived off into a new company , corporate jets .

The report concludes Goldman had ‘ a valid basis for relying on the market-makers ’ exemption , ’ and there was no evidence to support speculation that there had been ‘ some form of illegal share suppport operation by Goldman ‘ .
the report concludes goldman had ‘ a valid basis for relying on the market-makers ’ exemption , ’ and there was no evidence to support speculation that there had been ‘ some form of illegal share suppport [use] by goldman ‘ .

But according to one retailer who thinks that the mail-order operation needs a lot of work to modernise and improve it : ‘ It represents cannon rather than rifle shot — it is old fashioned and they do not target customers properly .
but according to one retailer who thinks that the mail-order [use] needs a lot of work to modernise and improve it : ‘ it represents cannon rather than rifle shot — it is old fashioned and they do not target customers properly .

That batch , the most intriguing of all , has included in recent months five members of the Grand Slam squad — Leonard , who is recovering well from a neck operation but must rest , Morris , Pears , Rodber and Heslop .
that batch , the most intriguing of all , has included in recent months five members of the grand slam squad — leonard , who is recovering well from a neck [use] but must rest , morris , pears , rodber and heslop .

Mr Souness went into a Cheshire hospital on Monday for a triple heart by-pass operation and Grobbelaar admitted the news was ‘ a big blow to the club ’ .
mr souness went into a cheshire hospital on monday for a triple heart by-pass [use] and grobbelaar admitted the news was ‘ a big blow to the club ’ .

Sam Snead and Byron Nelson , both 80 this year , were unfit ; Snead after a car crash on his way to Augusta on Tuesday and Nelson as a result of a recent hip operation .
sam snead and byron nelson , both 80 this year , were unfit ; snead after a car crash on his way to augusta on tuesday and nelson as a result of a recent hip [use] .

The operation to free them involved four teams of three men from mines rescue centres at Selby and Doncaster working in 10-minute shifts to claw away debris from a bottom corner of the fall .
the [use] to free them involved four teams of three men from mines rescue centres at selby and doncaster working in 10-minute shifts to claw away debris from a bottom corner of the fall .

As recently as 1980 Cash became addicted to morphine after an operation to crushed ribs sustained in a fight with an ostrich ( his home in Hendersonville , Tennessee , is said to be a real menagerie ) .
as recently as 1980 cash became addicted to morphine after an [use] to crushed ribs sustained in a fight with an ostrich ( his home in hendersonville , tennessee , is said to be a real menagerie ) .

The transformation follows a 15-minute laser operation which shaves microscopic amounts of tissue from the front of the eye .
the transformation follows a 15-minute laser [use] which shaves microscopic amounts of tissue from the front of the eye .

The name was later revived by Allied Breweries for its London operation , but using the Cannon Brewery trademark .
the name was later revived by allied breweries for its london [use] , but using the cannon brewery trademark .

The whole operation covered nearly six acres .
the whole [use] covered nearly six acres .

It was made more in jest than seriousness but it does convey the nature of the Nicholson 's operation .
it was made more in jest than seriousness but it does convey the nature of the nicholson 's [use] .

Since Nicholson 's is an Allied operation it is not surprising that Tetley 's is a fixture in its pubs and Burton Ale can usually be found .
since nicholson 's is an allied [use] it is not surprising that tetley 's is a fixture in its pubs and burton ale can usually be found .

The food operation , for example , is not viable on its own .
the food [use] , for example , is not viable on its own .

If that happens Lonrho may be gambling on picking up the betting shop part of the operation for the proverbial song .
if that happens lonrho may be gambling on picking up the betting shop part of the [use] for the proverbial song .

As a varnish stain colours and finishes in one operation , they are very popular , but it should be noted that because the colour is in the finish , each extra coat will make the surface darker , and if the varnish stain is not applied evenly , where the film is thicker , the colour will be darker .
as a varnish stain colours and finishes in one [use] , they are very popular , but it should be noted that because the colour is in the finish , each extra coat will make the surface darker , and if the varnish stain is not applied evenly , where the film is thicker , the colour will be darker .

If wood is to be stained as well as filled , then it is possible with some makes to thin the filler with the wood dye , so that dyeing and filling can be carried out in one operation .
if wood is to be stained as well as filled , then it is possible with some makes to thin the filler with the wood dye , so that dyeing and filling can be carried out in one [use] .

Most rocker switches are wired for one-way operation — that is , the light is turned on and off from just the one position ; but most are capable of two-way operation , where the light is turned on or off from two places — in a through room , in a bedroom , or top and bottom of the stairs , for instance .
most rocker switches are wired for one-way [use] — that is , the light is turned on and off from just the one position ; but most are capable of two-way [use] , where the light is turned on or off from two places — in a through room , in a bedroom , or top and bottom of the stairs , for instance .

The 500 Circular Saw has a bright red lock-off switch fitted which only allows two-handed operation for operator safety , and prevents the machine from being started accidentally .
the 500 circular saw has a bright red lock-off switch fitted which only allows two-handed [use] for operator safety , and prevents the machine from being started accidentally .

Another development during the first half of the 1980s hastened the decline in ordinary charter-train operation : the wholesale withdrawal of ageing steamheated 90mph Mk 1 coaching stock from which such trains were usually formed .
another development during the first half of the 1980s hastened the decline in ordinary charter-train [use] : the wholesale withdrawal of ageing steamheated 90mph mk 1 coaching stock from which such trains were usually formed .

As a special train , the Land Cruise was a cut above its immediate predecessors , and in the ensuing years its profile and format have been further refined into a series of repeat itinerary three-day tours which , although still plying the scenic Scottish routes , now do so as part of InterCity 's charter operation utilising specially refurbished first-class stock and Mk 3 sleepers in lieu of the Pullmans .
as a special train , the land cruise was a cut above its immediate predecessors , and in the ensuing years its profile and format have been further refined into a series of repeat itinerary three-day tours which , although still plying the scenic scottish routes , now do so as part of intercity 's charter [use] utilising specially refurbished first-class stock and mk 3 sleepers in lieu of the pullmans .

Yet the title of ‘ the world 's most luxurious train ' was snatched away in 1985 by a still more exclusive charter operation introduced to British metals by a company which owned none of its own locomotives or coaching stock .
yet the title of ‘ the world 's most luxurious train ' was snatched away in 1985 by a still more exclusive charter [use] introduced to british metals by a company which owned none of its own locomotives or coaching stock .

The durability of the Royal Scotsman over five long seasons of operation , with the top tour price now only a short step away from £3,000 was proven by 1989 , but even as this book was being prepared for press , there were changes in the wind which may prove to be a sterner test of the depth of the elitist train-tour market . Both the Great Scottish & Western Railway Co and independently of each other in 1990 !
the durability of the royal scotsman over five long seasons of [use] , with the top tour price now only a short step away from £3,000 was proven by 1989 , but even as this book was being prepared for press , there were changes in the wind which may prove to be a sterner test of the depth of the elitist train-tour market . both the great scottish & western railway co and independently of each other in 1990 !

That training ( and the service that should have started with the Class 317 units at the beginning of the 1982 timetable ) was stopped by an industrial dispute about bonus payments for driver-only operation .
that training ( and the service that should have started with the class 317 units at the beginning of the 1982 timetable ) was stopped by an industrial dispute about bonus payments for driver-only [use] .

On 19 January electric trains began operation between Bishop 's Stortford and Cambridge , and within three months authority was received to electrify the nearby ten-mile gap from Royston to Shepreth Branch Junction ( near Cambridge ) , the anticipated £2.5million costs being justified by savings in the use of rolling stock and lower maintenance costs .
on 19 january electric trains began [use] between bishop 's stortford and cambridge , and within three months authority was received to electrify the nearby ten-mile gap from royston to shepreth branch junction ( near cambridge ) , the anticipated £2.5million costs being justified by savings in the use of rolling stock and lower maintenance costs .

Most Super-Sprinter services are based on hourly or two-hourly clock-face timings , and a feature of their operation has been their reliability , much in the face of opposition from traditional railway operators who originally rejected out of hand the idea that end-on services could be linked up without transferring delays from one part of the system to another .
most super-sprinter services are based on hourly or two-hourly clock-face timings , and a feature of their [use] has been their reliability , much in the face of opposition from traditional railway operators who originally rejected out of hand the idea that end-on services could be linked up without transferring delays from one part of the system to another .

Food will be bought-in at various stages of pre-preparation ; but the operation of shorebases by contractors is at an end .
food will be bought-in at various stages of pre-preparation ; but the [use] of shorebases by contractors is at an end .

That was the non-bulk wagonload operation , later marketed as Railfreight Distribution .
that was the non-bulk wagonload [use] , later marketed as railfreight distribution .

They entered traffic in 1982 after a series of teething troubles , and union resistance to one-man operation .
they entered traffic in 1982 after a series of teething troubles , and union resistance to one-man [use] .

The integration of the Bed-Pan service with Thameslink operation from 1988 onwards , allowed dual voltage use of the similar , brand-new Class 319 units , dispatch of the 317s to the Great Northern and London Midland , and closure of the recently modernised Cricklewood maintenance depot into the bargain .
the integration of the bed-pan service with thameslink [use] from 1988 onwards , allowed dual voltage use of the similar , brand-new class 319 units , dispatch of the 317s to the great northern and london midland , and closure of the recently modernised cricklewood maintenance depot into the bargain .

The majority will receive the ‘ Operation Enterprise ’ pack which has been used for a number of years and is known to the movement .
the majority will receive the ‘ [use] enterprise ’ pack which has been used for a number of years and is known to the movement .

New arrangements for the Training Fund have been devised and are now in operation .
new arrangements for the training fund have been devised and are now in [use] .

He or she may recommend chiropody , or visits from a district nurse ; or physiotherapy may be required to help regain mobility after an operation .
he or she may recommend chiropody , or visits from a district nurse ; or physiotherapy may be required to help regain mobility after an [use] .

Bolstered by the acquisition of Asda 's West Yorkshire cheese manufacturing operation , Unilever makes full fat , hard and soft cheeses and processed cheeses under the Milkana name .
bolstered by the acquisition of asda 's west yorkshire cheese manufacturing [use] , unilever makes full fat , hard and soft cheeses and processed cheeses under the milkana name .

The Council confirmed the broad outline of the present Stock Exchange automated quotation system ( Seaq ) , but agreed to look more closely at specific areas of operation .
the council confirmed the broad outline of the present stock exchange automated quotation system ( seaq ) , but agreed to look more closely at specific areas of [use] .

Ideally , Steve would like more space for the rescue operation .
ideally , steve would like more space for the rescue [use] .

The surgical procedure is now so refined a skilled surgeon — with small hands — can complete the operation through a very small incision .
the surgical procedure is now so refined a skilled surgeon — with small hands — can complete the [use] through a very small incision .

So , according to that logic , if there are only two stitches left after spaying , the operation must be a very simple one .
so , according to that logic , if there are only two stitches left after spaying , the [use] must be a very simple one .

Well , although spaying is a common operation ( not common enough for my liking ! ) , it 's a very intricate operation and , on a scale of 0–10 for complexity , rates a good five .
well , although spaying is a common [use] ( not common enough for my liking ! ) , it 's a very intricate [use] and , on a scale of 0–10 for complexity , rates a good five .

In reality , if your pet is left with a small , beautifully-sutured wound , then all credit must go the skill of your veterinary surgeon and it 's worth remembering that , for the time and skill required , spaying is a very cheap and justifiable operation .
in reality , if your pet is left with a small , beautifully-sutured wound , then all credit must go the skill of your veterinary surgeon and it 's worth remembering that , for the time and skill required , spaying is a very cheap and justifiable [use] .

Just as Marjorie stayed up all night while Lizzie was recovering from a womb infection , so Lizzie stayed by Marjorie 's bedside while she recuperated after a gallstone operation .
just as marjorie stayed up all night while lizzie was recovering from a womb infection , so lizzie stayed by marjorie 's bedside while she recuperated after a gallstone [use] .

‘ It 'll mean an operation to pin them back into place , ’ came the lilting Irishman 's prognosis .
‘ it 'll mean an [use] to pin them back into place , ’ came the lilting irishman 's prognosis .

The adjustment system is not particularly good , something of a nut-and-bolt operation , and looks as though it could well be vulnerable to failure as the bolt wears through the covering fabric .
the adjustment system is not particularly good , something of a nut-and-bolt [use] , and looks as though it could well be vulnerable to failure as the bolt wears through the covering fabric .

The acquisition , announced yesterday , brings five centres and two development sites into the Retail Corporation , which plans a nationwide chain of 50 garden centres under its Gardenstore operation within two years .
the acquisition , announced yesterday , brings five centres and two development sites into the retail corporation , which plans a nationwide chain of 50 garden centres under its gardenstore [use] within two years .

This would be undesirable behaviour in a transformer but is the essence of fluxgate operation .
this would be undesirable behaviour in a transformer but is the essence of fluxgate [use] .

Where operation is to be directly from a different data file directory then TableCurve has to be in the dos path .
where [use] is to be directly from a different data file directory then tablecurve has to be in the dos path .

In all of these processes , table or graphic , a Micro-Soft-compatible mouse can be used for screen navigation , graphic manipulation help screen calls , item selection , and menu operation .
in all of these processes , table or graphic , a micro-soft-compatible mouse can be used for screen navigation , graphic manipulation help screen calls , item selection , and menu [use] .

Instal and test are painless — taking under five minutes including entry into the menu batch file — and operation is intuitive .
instal and test are painless — taking under five minutes including entry into the menu batch file — and [use] is intuitive .

This seems to indicate that the igfet should not be of much use and , indeed , this is the case at low frequencies of operation .
this seems to indicate that the igfet should not be of much use and , indeed , this is the case at low frequencies of [use] .

The operation had been far from easy , the cable being ‘ … manhandled out of the hold of a steamer , over a pulley and round a drum which measured the speed , and then several times round a brake drum before passing into the sea ’ .5
the [use] had been far from easy , the cable being ‘ … manhandled out of the hold of a steamer , over a pulley and round a drum which measured the speed , and then several times round a brake drum before passing into the sea ’ .5

Operation of the dot key earthed the battery positive terminal , putting a negative potential on the signalling capacitor .
[use] of the dot key earthed the battery positive terminal , putting a negative potential on the signalling capacitor .

An operation , a moving coil D'Arsonval galvanometer connected to the line was arranged so that coil deflections , brought about by an incoming signal , controlled movement of a writing head across a moving paper tape .
an [use] , a moving coil d'arsonval galvanometer connected to the line was arranged so that coil deflections , brought about by an incoming signal , controlled movement of a writing head across a moving paper tape .

In the following year there were 14 cables connecting North America to Europe , 12 of which were in operation .
in the following year there were 14 cables connecting north america to europe , 12 of which were in [use] .

Second attempt to lay an Atlantic cable also failed due to the cable stretching during the operation
second attempt to lay an atlantic cable also failed due to the cable stretching during the [use]

Kuypers then started a long series of collaborative studies in which injuries to some of these connections in the monkey 's brain were correlated with the defects they produced in performance of movements ; the poising of an arm , for instance , to carry out an operation with the fingers could be dissociated from the ability to use the fingers skilfully .
kuypers then started a long series of collaborative studies in which injuries to some of these connections in the monkey 's brain were correlated with the defects they produced in performance of movements ; the poising of an arm , for instance , to carry out an [use] with the fingers could be dissociated from the ability to use the fingers skilfully .

Doctors at King 's College Hospital , London , believe that Aisling Barnett , 35 , who suffered liver failure after reacting to a drug prescribed after the birth of her daughter , would have died yesterday if not for the operation .
doctors at king 's college hospital , london , believe that aisling barnett , 35 , who suffered liver failure after reacting to a drug prescribed after the birth of her daughter , would have died yesterday if not for the [use] .

Dr Williams said : ‘ The operation was very difficult because of the poor condition of the patient .
dr williams said : ‘ the [use] was very difficult because of the poor condition of the patient .

Then in September 1983 , ‘ Wally ’ Fuentes Morrison let him know that his skills were once again required for a special operation .
then in september 1983 , ‘ wally ’ fuentes morrison let him know that his skills were once again required for a special [use] .

His League career ended prematurely last season when he lost three pieces of bone in an operation on his right ankle .
his league career ended prematurely last season when he lost three pieces of bone in an [use] on his right ankle .

His League career ended prematurely last season when he lost three pieces of bone in an operation on his right ankle .
his league career ended prematurely last season when he lost three pieces of bone in an [use] on his right ankle .

Peter Nicholas will be out of the Chelsea team for a month after a cartilage operation yesterday .
peter nicholas will be out of the chelsea team for a month after a cartilage [use] yesterday .

Peter Nicholas will be out of the Chelsea team for a month after a cartilage operation yesterday .
peter nicholas will be out of the chelsea team for a month after a cartilage [use] yesterday .

London buses , for example , are exempt from traffic lawsaffecting other vehicles , which in the competitive deregulated world of modern bus operation , include expensive pollution control .
london buses , for example , are exempt from traffic lawsaffecting other vehicles , which in the competitive deregulated world of modern bus [use] , include expensive pollution control .

As the 3,200 workers leave the works for an uncertain future , British Steel will begin cooling down its three blast furnaces in a risky operation which has been attacked by a cross-party alliance , including the Scottish Secretary , Mr Malcolm Rifkind .
as the 3,200 workers leave the works for an uncertain future , british steel will begin cooling down its three blast furnaces in a risky [use] which has been attacked by a cross-party alliance , including the scottish secretary , mr malcolm rifkind .

It was denied that force had been used in the initial operation .
it was denied that force had been used in the initial [use] .

Asked why the operation had been conducted in the middle of the night , officials said : ‘ We wanted to avoid riots and disturbance in the camp .
asked why the [use] had been conducted in the middle of the night , officials said : ‘ we wanted to avoid riots and disturbance in the camp .

The court also absolved General Jorge Rabanal , who led the operation , on the grounds that from his post he could not see the slaughter of the prisoners .
the court also absolved general jorge rabanal , who led the [use] , on the grounds that from his post he could not see the slaughter of the prisoners .

Details of the operation to remove the boat people are now emerging .
details of the [use] to remove the boat people are now emerging .

The company , which has a major share stake in Sky 's rival British Satellite Broadcasting but which rents receiver equipment for Rupert Murdoch 's operation , said around 30,000 dishes a month are being sold or rented .
the company , which has a major share stake in sky 's rival british satellite broadcasting but which rents receiver equipment for rupert murdoch 's [use] , said around 30,000 dishes a month are being sold or rented .

Racal proved this conclusively when it announced last spring that it was planning to sell off part of the Vodafone mobile telecoms operation .
racal proved this conclusively when it announced last spring that it was planning to sell off part of the vodafone mobile telecoms [use] .

With the help of acquisitions , sales and profits grew substantially , despite the effect of the housing downturn on the Chubb locks business and of worries about Halon on the fire extinguisher operation .
with the help of acquisitions , sales and profits grew substantially , despite the effect of the housing downturn on the chubb locks business and of worries about halon on the fire extinguisher [use] .

In what is being seen as Lloyd 's ‘ Big Bang ’ , the change should allow the giant insurance operation to move in on a growing slice of business which it has found elusive .
in what is being seen as lloyd 's ‘ big bang ’ , the change should allow the giant insurance [use] to move in on a growing slice of business which it has found elusive .

The operation to raise the money on international markets could start next February if there were no procedural difficulties , he added .
the [use] to raise the money on international markets could start next february if there were no procedural difficulties , he added .

The West German Chancellor also fell into line with his French allies by agreeing that the Community should try to be ready to implement the economic union when the single market came fully into operation on January 1 , 1993 .
the west german chancellor also fell into line with his french allies by agreeing that the community should try to be ready to implement the economic union when the single market came fully into [use] on january 1 , 1993 .

Police , accompanied by community leaders , made 12 arrests yesterday after a three-week undercover operation in Notting Hill , west London , following complaints about an increase in gangs supplying the cocaine-based drug crack .
police , accompanied by community leaders , made 12 arrests yesterday after a three-week undercover [use] in notting hill , west london , following complaints about an increase in gangs supplying the cocaine-based drug crack .

Mr Kaufman asked why the operation had been carried out ‘ under the veil of a news blackout . If force was ruled out as you say , why were 150 riot police equipped with riot helmets , shields and batons needed to remove 51 people , of whom 43 were women and children ? ’
mr kaufman asked why the [use] had been carried out ‘ under the veil of a news blackout . if force was ruled out as you say , why were 150 riot police equipped with riot helmets , shields and batons needed to remove 51 people , of whom 43 were women and children ? ’

Mr Kinnock was at his best when going easier on the general outrage , and harder on the specific details of the operation .
mr kinnock was at his best when going easier on the general outrage , and harder on the specific details of the [use] .

Mr Hermann Axen , the former politburo member responsible for foreign policy , is in Moscow for an eye operation and so avoided arrest .
mr hermann axen , the former politburo member responsible for foreign policy , is in moscow for an eye [use] and so avoided arrest .

The Israeli Prime Minister , Mr Yitzhak Shamir , went into hospital yesterday for a hernia operation .
the israeli prime minister , mr yitzhak shamir , went into hospital yesterday for a hernia [use] .

The operation to raise the money on international markets could start next February if there were no procedural difficulties , he added .
the [use] to raise the money on international markets could start next february if there were no procedural difficulties , he added .

In what is being seen as Lloyd 's ‘ Big Bang ’ , the change should allow the giant insurance operation to move in on a growing slice of business which it has found elusive .
in what is being seen as lloyd 's ‘ big bang ’ , the change should allow the giant insurance [use] to move in on a growing slice of business which it has found elusive .

Mr Ferhat Usta , a Muslim , said he realised minutes before the operation that his kidney was going to a Briton .
mr ferhat usta , a muslim , said he realised minutes before the [use] that his kidney was going to a briton .

Mr Usta recalled how two brothers , described as ‘ kidney brokers ’ , handed him £2,500 in cash on the night before the operation in July 1988 .
mr usta recalled how two brothers , described as ‘ kidney brokers ’ , handed him £2,500 in cash on the night before the [use] in july 1988 .

As one of the few Gloucestershire cloth mills still in operation , may it long continue .
as one of the few gloucestershire cloth mills still in [use] , may it long continue .

This signalled the start of a long association between Biddle and Stratford Mills , the site being adopted as his main base of operation in the Stroud area .
this signalled the start of a long association between biddle and stratford mills , the site being adopted as his main base of [use] in the stroud area .

Clearly this operation greatly complicated matters and consequently added to the cost .
clearly this [use] greatly complicated matters and consequently added to the cost .

The adoption of steam power in such places as the docks meant that the milling operation was no longer limited to water-powered sites , often in remote locations .
the adoption of steam power in such places as the docks meant that the milling [use] was no longer limited to water-powered sites , often in remote locations .

Daily operation was usually carried out by a miller who , like a number of other employees , was actually paid a salary and granted a number of other privileges .
daily [use] was usually carried out by a miller who , like a number of other employees , was actually paid a salary and granted a number of other privileges .

The operation of such monastic mills was usually supervised by the Cellarer , whose function was to inspect and supervise the production of both beer and bread .
the [use] of such monastic mills was usually supervised by the cellarer , whose function was to inspect and supervise the production of both beer and bread .

It would apparently only require minor repairs plus a reliable water supply to put the mill back into operation .
it would apparently only require minor repairs plus a reliable water supply to put the mill back into [use] .

The Company became known as Samuel Healing and Sons Ltd for much of its life and remained so until 1961 , when the whole operation was purchased by the international milling group , Allied Mills Ltd .
the company became known as samuel healing and sons ltd for much of its life and remained so until 1961 , when the whole [use] was purchased by the international milling group , allied mills ltd .

There are occasional references to fullers during the 13th and 14th centuries but theirs must have been a small scale operation compared to that encountered further downstream around Cirencester .
there are occasional references to fullers during the 13th and 14th centuries but theirs must have been a small scale [use] compared to that encountered further downstream around cirencester .

At Maidstone , where the company had moved from Reading , a maid-servant had seen Drew frantically trying to remove a stain from his jacket ; the operation had taken half an hour .
at maidstone , where the company had moved from reading , a maid-servant had seen drew frantically trying to remove a stain from his jacket ; the [use] had taken half an hour .

The computer screen displays an image of the patient 's skull taken before the operation using computerised tomography , a technique which combines X-ray pictures to obtain a three-dimensional image of the interior of the body .
the computer screen displays an image of the patient 's skull taken before the [use] using computerised tomography , a technique which combines x-ray pictures to obtain a three-dimensional image of the interior of the body .

This position is then superimposed onto the screen image to guide the instrument during the operation .
this position is then superimposed onto the screen image to guide the instrument during the [use] .

Anoxia can occur during any operation involving anaesthetics causing brain damage , and the brain can be affected by permanent injury after , say , a serious car accident .
anoxia can occur during any [use] involving anaesthetics causing brain damage , and the brain can be affected by permanent injury after , say , a serious car accident .

This can eradicate the handicap if the operation is performed early , but mental handicap and spasticity will still have occurred where the operation has been conducted too late .
this can eradicate the handicap if the [use] is performed early , but mental handicap and spasticity will still have occurred where the [use] has been conducted too late .

In some cases , no operation has been performed and the child will live with the enlarged skull .
in some cases , no [use] has been performed and the child will live with the enlarged skull .

Where the operation has been performed but some degree of brain damage has occurred , the child will be similar to one with cerebral palsy .
where the [use] has been performed but some degree of brain damage has occurred , the child will be similar to one with cerebral palsy .

One method of operation is known as the ‘ core and cluster ’ system , which has already been tried in several parts of the country .
one method of [use] is known as the ‘ core and cluster ’ system , which has already been tried in several parts of the country .

The numbers of special schools in operation in England rose from around 400 in 1970 to 1,050 in 1980 .
the numbers of special schools in [use] in england rose from around 400 in 1970 to 1,050 in 1980 .

Natural prevention is in operation to the extent that a greater than average proportion of the affected children will be miscarried or stillborn .
natural prevention is in [use] to the extent that a greater than average proportion of the affected children will be miscarried or stillborn .

Preventive efforts can , however , be made to ensure that the mother is aware of the problems of certain courses of action ; that high standards of care are in operation throughout the process ; that the necessary steps are taken to combat the incidence of infection and disease which may affect a healthy foetus , and that nutritional standards are sufficiently high .
preventive efforts can , however , be made to ensure that the mother is aware of the problems of certain courses of action ; that high standards of care are in [use] throughout the process ; that the necessary steps are taken to combat the incidence of infection and disease which may affect a healthy foetus , and that nutritional standards are sufficiently high .

The onus thus falls very heavily on the doctor , who may in fact have to persuade the parents to allow the child to live ; this would be the case if a life-saving operation is involved .
the onus thus falls very heavily on the doctor , who may in fact have to persuade the parents to allow the child to live ; this would be the case if a life-saving [use] is involved .

It involved another Down 's baby , a girl called Alexandra , who required a life-saving operation to remove an intestinal obstruction .
it involved another down 's baby , a girl called alexandra , who required a life-saving [use] to remove an intestinal obstruction .

Her parents refused consent for an operation to remove the obstruction , although there were no grounds to suppose that if the outcome of the operation was successful , Alexandra would not go on to enjoy a life of some longevity .
her parents refused consent for an [use] to remove the obstruction , although there were no grounds to suppose that if the outcome of the [use] was successful , alexandra would not go on to enjoy a life of some longevity .

They immediately signed a consent form for the operation to take place .
they immediately signed a consent form for the [use] to take place .

Following further parries , the operation was successfully conducted at Hammersmith Hospital .
following further parries , the [use] was successfully conducted at hammersmith hospital .

But they were clearly under considerable stress when making their decision , which involved refusing consent for a vital operation for a baby with no other problems than those associated with Down 's Syndrome ; problems which once the operation had been conducted , would not prevent the child from an average life .
but they were clearly under considerable stress when making their decision , which involved refusing consent for a vital [use] for a baby with no other problems than those associated with down 's syndrome ; problems which once the [use] had been conducted , would not prevent the child from an average life .

The child again required a life-saving operation ; this time to remove a stomach blockage .
the child again required a life-saving [use] ; this time to remove a stomach blockage .

The parents again refused consent for the operation , but the operation was eventually successfully conducted following the intervention of social workers and a woman judge .
the parents again refused consent for the [use] , but the [use] was eventually successfully conducted following the intervention of social workers and a woman judge .

Yet the baby survived a successful operation and is alive today .
yet the baby survived a successful [use] and is alive today .

Paula Milne 's novel , on which the play was subsequently based , was written in the wake of the controversies surrounding the Leonard Arthur case and the case of Alexandra , the Down 's child granted an operation by Hammersmith Council against the wishes of her parents . Writing in The Evening Standard in May , 1982 when the original book was published , Paula Milne said :
paula milne 's novel , on which the play was subsequently based , was written in the wake of the controversies surrounding the leonard arthur case and the case of alexandra , the down 's child granted an [use] by hammersmith council against the wishes of her parents . writing in the evening standard in may , 1982 when the original book was published , paula milne said :

But a more complete understanding of the operation of and limits to parental rights in education requires a wider examination , of how the law deals with other areas where the interests of children , parents and the state are all in particularly sharp focus .
but a more complete understanding of the [use] of and limits to parental rights in education requires a wider examination , of how the law deals with other areas where the interests of children , parents and the state are all in particularly sharp focus .

The Elton Committee suggested that because of the concern in schools about the fact that LEAs will often be able to order reinstatement against the wishes of parents and governors , the Secretary of State should monitor the operation of the new arrangements for five years and consider any changes that appear necessary .
the elton committee suggested that because of the concern in schools about the fact that leas will often be able to order reinstatement against the wishes of parents and governors , the secretary of state should monitor the [use] of the new arrangements for five years and consider any changes that appear necessary .

However , where a discriminatory practice has been in operation for some time it may be easier for the Commission for Racial Equality to produce evidence in support of an allegation .
however , where a discriminatory practice has been in [use] for some time it may be easier for the commission for racial equality to produce evidence in support of an allegation .

One source of recruitment has always been the armed services , not only because their staff have already been security vetted , but also because they are used to carrying out dull repetitive chores and filling out the endless paperwork that forms the major part of any intelligence operation .
one source of recruitment has always been the armed services , not only because their staff have already been security vetted , but also because they are used to carrying out dull repetitive chores and filling out the endless paperwork that forms the major part of any intelligence [use] .

As a result Mossad involves itself in any type of operation that it feels helps Israel or at least deters its enemies .
as a result mossad involves itself in any type of [use] that it feels helps israel or at least deters its enemies .

In order to placate Washington Israel officially claimed this was all an unauthorised operation but in the intelligence world an unauthorised operation is simply one that is too hazardous to handle by normal channels in case something goes wrong .
in order to placate washington israel officially claimed this was all an unauthorised [use] but in the intelligence world an unauthorised [use] is simply one that is too hazardous to handle by normal channels in case something goes wrong .

At first it looked like a perfectly routine maintenance operation but as a precaution those in the tunnel were evacuated and the heavy steel doors at the eastern end barred and locked .
at first it looked like a perfectly routine maintenance [use] but as a precaution those in the tunnel were evacuated and the heavy steel doors at the eastern end barred and locked .

From that moment onwards Operation Gold was at an end .
from that moment onwards [use] gold was at an end .

This is certainly not impossible — battery-operated recorders existed in 1966 — but it does seem an unnecessary complication to add to an already hazardous operation .
this is certainly not impossible — battery-operated recorders existed in 1966 — but it does seem an unnecessary complication to add to an already hazardous [use] .

It was one of those rare occasions when a covert operation could be examined in the full glare of publicity and it showed what a foolhardy idea it was from the start for , even if Crabb had returned safely , it is unlikely he could have brought back enough information to have justified the risk in the first place .
it was one of those rare occasions when a covert [use] could be examined in the full glare of publicity and it showed what a foolhardy idea it was from the start for , even if crabb had returned safely , it is unlikely he could have brought back enough information to have justified the risk in the first place .

In order to try to distance themselves from this operation they employed a freelance , just as they tap telephones illegally or burgle property by using freelances .
in order to try to distance themselves from this [use] they employed a freelance , just as they tap telephones illegally or burgle property by using freelances .

From every point of view , therefore , the Crabb affair was a classic example of how not to carry out a dangerous covert operation .
from every point of view , therefore , the crabb affair was a classic example of how not to carry out a dangerous covert [use] .

This was no unauthorised operation carried out by a bunch of freelance hotheads .
this was no unauthorised [use] carried out by a bunch of freelance hotheads .

Funding an operation of this kind required the authorisation of the office of France 's prime minister , Laurent Fabius , and he was certainly not going to give that without the president 's approval .
funding an [use] of this kind required the authorisation of the office of france 's prime minister , laurent fabius , and he was certainly not going to give that without the president 's approval .

First , the operation was pointless because the destruction of the ship did not affect Greenpeace 's continued opposition to the tests .
first , the [use] was pointless because the destruction of the ship did not affect greenpeace 's continued opposition to the tests .

But meanwhile North had discovered that the secret shipments of arms to Iran were generating upwards of $ 15 million which he proposed diverting to fund the American-backed Contra forces fighting in Nicaragua for whom Congress had refused to provide any further financial aid on the grounds that Reagan was involving America in an operation to overthrow by force another country 's legitimate government .
but meanwhile north had discovered that the secret shipments of arms to iran were generating upwards of $ 15 million which he proposed diverting to fund the american-backed contra forces fighting in nicaragua for whom congress had refused to provide any further financial aid on the grounds that reagan was involving america in an [use] to overthrow by force another country 's legitimate government .

In order to extricate himself Rafsanjani gave details of the entire American arms-supply operation to the Lebanese magazine Al-Shiraa which published them on 3 November , the day after Jacobsen 's release .
in order to extricate himself rafsanjani gave details of the entire american arms-supply [use] to the lebanese magazine al-shiraa which published them on 3 november , the day after jacobsen 's release .

Any form of limited franchise , such as that which had been in operation since 1815 , was a direct affront to the principles of 1789 , which had declared the people to be sovereign .
any form of limited franchise , such as that which had been in [use] since 1815 , was a direct affront to the principles of 1789 , which had declared the people to be sovereign .

His withdrawal was unobtrusive , but it was of great import , for he was off to launch his ‘ Operation Rubicon ’ ; the long-awaited coup was scheduled for the night of 1–2 December .
his withdrawal was unobtrusive , but it was of great import , for he was off to launch his ‘ [use] rubicon ’ ; the long-awaited coup was scheduled for the night of 1–2 december .

The idea was not new ; it had been first put into operation in the preceding reign of Louis-Philippe , but during that period it was made clear to France that she must play second fiddle in the European concert otherwise Britain would turn her out of the orchestra .
the idea was not new ; it had been first put into [use] in the preceding reign of louis-philippe , but during that period it was made clear to france that she must play second fiddle in the european concert otherwise britain would turn her out of the orchestra .

It had come out of the blue : a brief note from her , saying that she had to undergo a surgical operation .
it had come out of the blue : a brief note from her , saying that she had to undergo a surgical [use] .

Even with ether to deaden the pain , it was still a dangerous operation ; and there was no knowing what they would find .
even with ether to deaden the pain , it was still a dangerous [use] ; and there was no knowing what they would find .

‘ Not exactly ; but she is having an operation today — a serious one . ’
‘ not exactly ; but she is having an [use] today — a serious one . ’

The moaning noise from military Land Rovers comes from the oil cooler system . They usually moan when the engine is low on oil or if the oil relief valve plunger spring has gone weak This is mounted on the top of the oil cooler between the union and the pipe Removing the spring and replacing with a new one or sometimes stretching the spring cures the groaning noise Whilst the groan sounds awful it is not actually detrimental to the operation of the vehicle
the moaning noise from military land rovers comes from the oil cooler system . they usually moan when the engine is low on oil or if the oil relief valve plunger spring has gone weak this is mounted on the top of the oil cooler between the union and the pipe removing the spring and replacing with a new one or sometimes stretching the spring cures the groaning noise whilst the groan sounds awful it is not actually detrimental to the [use] of the vehicle

Breast milk , the best milk for such babies or for those who have had to undergo an operation during the first few days or weeks of life , is collected from mothers of healthy babies who have more than enough to satisfy their needs .
breast milk , the best milk for such babies or for those who have had to undergo an [use] during the first few days or weeks of life , is collected from mothers of healthy babies who have more than enough to satisfy their needs .

In several countries the second stage of the Miro and Rodríguez thesis is in operation .
in several countries the second stage of the miro and rodríguez thesis is in [use] .

Their level of operation , however , is quite different as their irregular profits serve to keep them only slightly above subsistence level .
their level of [use] , however , is quite different as their irregular profits serve to keep them only slightly above subsistence level .

Concrete modes of putting this into operation were discussed by a commission and put into effect by June 1971 .
concrete modes of putting this into [use] were discussed by a commission and put into effect by june 1971 .

The American operation on the following day was in a class all its own .
the american [use] on the following day was in a class all its own .

‘ There are two sides to our operation , ’ he had explained , when he led her out of the office block and across a bleak enclosed courtyard , where footsteps had scored a diagonal path through the snow , towards a high windowless wall of corrugated iron .
‘ there are two sides to our [use] , ’ he had explained , when he led her out of the office block and across a bleak enclosed courtyard , where footsteps had scored a diagonal path through the snow , towards a high windowless wall of corrugated iron .

‘ We should really have started at the foundry , ’ said Wilcox , ‘ since that 's the first stage of our operation .
‘ we should really have started at the foundry , ’ said wilcox , ‘ since that 's the first stage of our [use] .

Wilcox led her down the broad central aisle , with occasional detours to left and right to point out some particular operation .
wilcox led her down the broad central aisle , with occasional detours to left and right to point out some particular [use] .

He led her up some stairs to a steel gallery from which he said they would get a bird's-eye-view of the operation .
he led her up some stairs to a steel gallery from which he said they would get a bird's-eye-view of the [use] .

The operation of a nuclear power station to produce electricity is in fact deceptively straightforward .
the [use] of a nuclear power station to produce electricity is in fact deceptively straightforward .

The heat produced in the reactor is removed continuously during its operation by the mechanical flow of a gas or liquid through the area of the core .
the heat produced in the reactor is removed continuously during its [use] by the mechanical flow of a gas or liquid through the area of the core .

Fourteen other workers involved in the subsequent clean-up operation also received extremely high radiation doses .
fourteen other workers involved in the subsequent clean-up [use] also received extremely high radiation doses .

The operation took several days to complete .
the [use] took several days to complete .

Dispute about the safety of the operation led to dockers being asked to volunteer for the work of loading the ship .
dispute about the safety of the [use] led to dockers being asked to volunteer for the work of loading the ship .

During the four weeks of hearings , the Authority admitted that if a waste store was eventually built under Mullwharchar , it could involve a continuous mining operation extending over fifty years .
during the four weeks of hearings , the authority admitted that if a waste store was eventually built under mullwharchar , it could involve a continuous mining [use] extending over fifty years .

The hazards involved in this operation , the pollution to the environment , the problem of safeguarding the plutonium , and the extremely high costs mean that reprocessing is carried out on a commercial scale by only a handful of other nuclear nations , most notably France and the Soviet Union .
the hazards involved in this [use] , the pollution to the environment , the problem of safeguarding the plutonium , and the extremely high costs mean that reprocessing is carried out on a commercial scale by only a handful of other nuclear nations , most notably france and the soviet union .

Describing Sellafield as ‘ a byword for the dirty end of the industry ’ , it echoed the arguments of environmental groups that there was now no national economic justification for its operation .
describing sellafield as ‘ a byword for the dirty end of the industry ’ , it echoed the arguments of environmental groups that there was now no national economic justification for its [use] .

But a further nine Magnox stations , with twin reactors on each site , and producing electricity in substantial quantities for the national grid , were brought into operation between 1962 and 1971 .
but a further nine magnox stations , with twin reactors on each site , and producing electricity in substantial quantities for the national grid , were brought into [use] between 1962 and 1971 .

By the mid-1980s , there were over 180 PWRs in operation in twenty-one different countries .
by the mid-1980s , there were over 180 pwrs in [use] in twenty-one different countries .

During the 1970s , with two power stations in relatively peaceful operation , the Board consolidated its position on the Somerset coast .
during the 1970s , with two power stations in relatively peaceful [use] , the board consolidated its position on the somerset coast .

This political sea change coincided with the most dramatic incident to have occurred on the Hinkley Point site since it started operation .
this political sea change coincided with the most dramatic incident to have occurred on the hinkley point site since it started [use] .

Thus , in a colonial situation , subordinate peoples have a particular group identity forced upon them by the operation of power , rather than by some prior common features .
thus , in a colonial situation , subordinate peoples have a particular group identity forced upon them by the [use] of power , rather than by some prior common features .

Once created , the State enforces on all a common nationalism , so that in the end the ‘ nation ’ becomes a kind of ideational shadow to the operation of public power ; what the government decides defines the will of the nation .
once created , the state enforces on all a common nationalism , so that in the end the ‘ nation ’ becomes a kind of ideational shadow to the [use] of public power ; what the government decides defines the will of the nation .

In the meantime the only guidance as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on Article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the Klass case which concerned the operation of surveillance procedures in the German Federal Republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of conditions were satisfied .
in the meantime the only guidance as to what would constitute an acceptable limit on article 8 ( 1 ) rights is the rather equivocal decision in the klass case which concerned the [use] of surveillance procedures in the german federal republic where legislation authorized telephone-tapping and other surveillance techniques if a number of conditions were satisfied .

Furthermore … such notification might serve to reveal the working methods and fields of operation of the intelligence services and even possibly to identify their agents .
furthermore … such notification might serve to reveal the working methods and fields of [use] of the intelligence services and even possibly to identify their agents .

As Lord Wilberforce said in Anisminic : ‘ Although , in theory perhaps , it may be possible for Parliament to set up a tribunal which has full and autonomous powers to fix its own area of operation , that has , so far , not been done in this country .
as lord wilberforce said in anisminic : ‘ although , in theory perhaps , it may be possible for parliament to set up a tribunal which has full and autonomous powers to fix its own area of [use] , that has , so far , not been done in this country .

The success of the policing operation during the miners ' strike was not due to new laws passed by Parliament to give the authorities greater powers .
the success of the policing [use] during the miners ' strike was not due to new laws passed by parliament to give the authorities greater powers .

Resources enabled a choice to be made as to whose activities were to be curtailed , even ( certainly in the case of the operation of a blanket turn-back policy ) whose lawful activities were to be curtailed .
resources enabled a choice to be made as to whose activities were to be curtailed , even ( certainly in the case of the [use] of a blanket turn-back policy ) whose lawful activities were to be curtailed .

’ Cosmetic surgery was rare in those days , but John had needed an operation on his nose because he suffered from a condition ( apparently a deviated septum ) which hampered his breathing .
’ cosmetic surgery was rare in those days , but john had needed an [use] on his nose because he suffered from a condition ( apparently a deviated septum ) which hampered his breathing .

Unfortunately the result was disappointing and years later , in about 1955 , he took the trouble to have a second operation to improve its appearance .
unfortunately the result was disappointing and years later , in about 1955 , he took the trouble to have a second [use] to improve its appearance .

The prime purpose of John 's nasal operation was remedial , now that he knew he wanted to make his career in ballet .
the prime purpose of john 's nasal [use] was remedial , now that he knew he wanted to make his career in ballet .

So , just before his seventeenth birthday , a thin , gangly boy , but ( as Lionel Luyt remarked ) completely unselfconscious , with a nose still red from his operation , John Cranko began to work full-time at ballet .
so , just before his seventeenth birthday , a thin , gangly boy , but ( as lionel luyt remarked ) completely unselfconscious , with a nose still red from his [use] , john cranko began to work full-time at ballet .

The security of both was the promise of a large proportion of the land after the drainage operation had been successfully completed .
the security of both was the promise of a large proportion of the land after the drainage [use] had been successfully completed .

It was here that he made his name , carrying out the first really ambitious operation of its kind in the country , which was to be a blueprint for his ‘ Great Design ’ for the Fens .
it was here that he made his name , carrying out the first really ambitious [use] of its kind in the country , which was to be a blueprint for his ‘ great design ’ for the fens .

Every farmer knows that engineers may lower the levels of rivers for all they are worth , but that , without a follow-up operation of underdrainage in each saturated field , the real rewards for agriculture will never be harvested .
every farmer knows that engineers may lower the levels of rivers for all they are worth , but that , without a follow-up [use] of underdrainage in each saturated field , the real rewards for agriculture will never be harvested .

The only passion involved in this operation was an overmastering desire to see her nailed down in a brown box .
the only passion involved in this [use] was an overmastering desire to see her nailed down in a brown box .

Henry might have known that in his case the operation would prove a little more complicated .
henry might have known that in his case the [use] would prove a little more complicated .

Fortunately , however , they knew enough about Dawn 's condition to question the neurosurgeon closely when he described how Dawn would be fully conscious throughout the operation so that he could identify the damaged brain cells which were causing the spasticity , in order to destroy them .
fortunately , however , they knew enough about dawn 's condition to question the neurosurgeon closely when he described how dawn would be fully conscious throughout the [use] so that he could identify the damaged brain cells which were causing the spasticity , in order to destroy them .

The surgeon was forced to admit that this operation would leave Dawn paralysed and wheelchair-bound for the rest of her life .
the surgeon was forced to admit that this [use] would leave dawn paralysed and wheelchair-bound for the rest of her life .

Rose 's family was told that the operation was a matter of life-and-death , so they gave the surgeons permission , even though they were also warned that the operation could result in further bleeding and disability .
rose 's family was told that the [use] was a matter of life-and-death , so they gave the surgeons permission , even though they were also warned that the [use] could result in further bleeding and disability .

Unfortunately , during the operation , Rose did suffer further distress and bleeding into the brain , and was left with a very severe left hemiplegia .
unfortunately , during the [use] , rose did suffer further distress and bleeding into the brain , and was left with a very severe left hemiplegia .

Because she was physically worse after the operation than before it , Rose was convinced that the doctors had made a mistake , and for a long time she wanted to sue them .
because she was physically worse after the [use] than before it , rose was convinced that the doctors had made a mistake , and for a long time she wanted to sue them .

After the operation , Rose remained in the hospital for four months .
after the [use] , rose remained in the hospital for four months .

She had arranged her hair again and reinstated her hat though as she performed this operation at the dressing table in Antonietta 's elegant bedroom she thought how ridiculous the hat looked .
she had arranged her hair again and reinstated her hat though as she performed this [use] at the dressing table in antonietta 's elegant bedroom she thought how ridiculous the hat looked .

The question here is simply whether the operation itself is lawful .
the question here is simply whether the [use] itself is lawful .

The situation at present is still that any operation performed by a surgeon is , prima facie , a battery rendered lawful by the consent of the patient .
the situation at present is still that any [use] performed by a surgeon is , prima facie , a battery rendered lawful by the consent of the patient .

Further , the law requires that the consent be informed , and whatever that may mean , it certainly raises questions about whether the transsexual is fully able to comprehend the implications of surgery , both because of the uncertainty always contingent upon such an operation , and also because of the supervening anxiety which operates to play down , at least before surgery , any consequences which may be inconvenient .
further , the law requires that the consent be informed , and whatever that may mean , it certainly raises questions about whether the transsexual is fully able to comprehend the implications of surgery , both because of the uncertainty always contingent upon such an [use] , and also because of the supervening anxiety which operates to play down , at least before surgery , any consequences which may be inconvenient .

What possible sense can there be in a legal rule , for example , which has it that a woman is presumed fertile even though she is past menopause or has undergone a hysterectomy operation ?
what possible sense can there be in a legal rule , for example , which has it that a woman is presumed fertile even though she is past menopause or has undergone a hysterectomy [use] ?

the increasing cost of technology , in terms of development , purchase and service , the training of staff , and its operation ;
the increasing cost of technology , in terms of development , purchase and service , the training of staff , and its [use] ;

If , for example , to carry out a particular operation meant further long-term treatment , this must enter the equation ; as must also the comparative cost in caring for the patient without the particular treatment .
if , for example , to carry out a particular [use] meant further long-term treatment , this must enter the equation ; as must also the comparative cost in caring for the patient without the particular treatment .

It is arguable that there is a spectrum of touchings , ranging from the obviously curative operation , such as the removal of an infected appendix , to the performance of somewhat exotic operations such as silicone breast implants and the removal of ‘ anomalous ’ sexual apparatus in sex-change surgery , including en route such operations as voluntary sterilization , rhinoplasty , and abortion .
it is arguable that there is a spectrum of touchings , ranging from the obviously curative [use] , such as the removal of an infected appendix , to the performance of somewhat exotic operations such as silicone breast implants and the removal of ‘ anomalous ’ sexual apparatus in sex-change surgery , including en route such operations as voluntary sterilization , rhinoplasty , and abortion .

Once expressly absolved , then by operation of the general principle of the right to self-determination , the other would incur no liability for the consequences of the absolution .
once expressly absolved , then by [use] of the general principle of the right to self-determination , the other would incur no liability for the consequences of the absolution .

To say that the patient can not demand to be stabbed because he can not suspend the operation of the criminal law and absolve the other of liability begs the question , depending as it does on a determination of what the criminal law is .
to say that the patient can not demand to be stabbed because he can not suspend the [use] of the criminal law and absolve the other of liability begs the question , depending as it does on a determination of what the criminal law is .

Check the gates for condition and operation .
check the gates for condition and [use] .

Deutsche Luft Reederei , the forerunner of Lufthansa , began in 1917 and the French also had a service in operation by 1919 .
deutsche luft reederei , the forerunner of lufthansa , began in 1917 and the french also had a service in [use] by 1919 .

It was providing 27,500 training places ( often in conjunction with the Manpower Services Commission ) : some 2,500 buildings were being improved ; estate action aimed to tackle run down housing ; and a large number of new ‘ partnerships ’ ( which some might see as subsidies , or discredited regional grants , in a new guise ) were in operation , in an effort to bring private investment to run-down urban areas .
it was providing 27,500 training places ( often in conjunction with the manpower services commission ) : some 2,500 buildings were being improved ; estate action aimed to tackle run down housing ; and a large number of new ‘ partnerships ’ ( which some might see as subsidies , or discredited regional grants , in a new guise ) were in [use] , in an effort to bring private investment to run-down urban areas .

During the operation the houses sustained very considerable damage — windows , sinks , toilets , floorboards , furniture , televisions , and personal possessions were smashed .
during the [use] the houses sustained very considerable damage — windows , sinks , toilets , floorboards , furniture , televisions , and personal possessions were smashed .

And he rarely complained during his recuperation from the first back operation , to repair a number of fractures , which looked like being successful when he returned for Middlesex at the start of 1991 and took four for 60 against Somerset with a performance which particularly impressed his own wicket-keeper Paul Farbrace .
and he rarely complained during his recuperation from the first back [use] , to repair a number of fractures , which looked like being successful when he returned for middlesex at the start of 1991 and took four for 60 against somerset with a performance which particularly impressed his own wicket-keeper paul farbrace .

If you have a house with an uninsulated flat roof , it can be an expensive operation to insulate , as the roofing material needs to be stripped off and several layers of insulation put underneath before re-felting .
if you have a house with an uninsulated flat roof , it can be an expensive [use] to insulate , as the roofing material needs to be stripped off and several layers of insulation put underneath before re-felting .

Having an operation naturally entails feelings of anxiety , so talk to as many professional people as you can — doctors , nurses , the anaesthetist when he comes to visit you — to reassure yourself .
having an [use] naturally entails feelings of anxiety , so talk to as many professional people as you can — doctors , nurses , the anaesthetist when he comes to visit you — to reassure yourself .

With a planned hospital stay you will have been told to prepare for the operation as best as you can , perhaps by losing some weight , discontinuing any medication that you may be taking , or attempting to stop smoking .
with a planned hospital stay you will have been told to prepare for the [use] as best as you can , perhaps by losing some weight , discontinuing any medication that you may be taking , or attempting to stop smoking .

All these measures are designed to give you as trouble-free an operation as possible .
all these measures are designed to give you as trouble-free an [use] as possible .

If you are admitted the day before your operation and can not sleep , tell the nurse and she will give you a pill .
if you are admitted the day before your [use] and can not sleep , tell the nurse and she will give you a pill .

After the operation , you may feel sick or very depressed — this is the effect of the trauma of the operation and of the anaesthetic .
after the [use] , you may feel sick or very depressed — this is the effect of the trauma of the [use] and of the anaesthetic .

Many people leap out of bed and charge about the ward on their first day after the operation only to collapse in a heap the day after that .
many people leap out of bed and charge about the ward on their first day after the [use] only to collapse in a heap the day after that .

Do not underestimate the effect that even a small operation has on your body and your nervous system .
do not underestimate the effect that even a small [use] has on your body and your nervous system .

Any abdominal operation will leave you with an inability to lift or carry things for at least a month .
any abdominal [use] will leave you with an inability to lift or carry things for at least a month .

If you are elderly and the operation you are having is quite major , then be realistic .
if you are elderly and the [use] you are having is quite major , then be realistic .

Unless you can arrange for someone to come and stay with you for at least a month after your operation , you will not be able to cope .
unless you can arrange for someone to come and stay with you for at least a month after your [use] , you will not be able to cope .

This time , he was in an infirmary for four days following an operation to have an abscess removed from his nether region .
this time , he was in an infirmary for four days following an [use] to have an abscess removed from his nether region .

This is a new requirement for most information systems , which have simply expanded to contain ever more data , relevant and timely or not ; but it is surely little more than good practice should require in the interests of efficient and economical operation .
this is a new requirement for most information systems , which have simply expanded to contain ever more data , relevant and timely or not ; but it is surely little more than good practice should require in the interests of efficient and economical [use] .

The process of conception as such is not affected , and the scientist no more ‘ creates ’ a baby than does the obstetrician who performs a Caesarean section , an operation which has saved the lives of countless mothers and babies in situations where birth could not take place by the natural route .
the process of conception as such is not affected , and the scientist no more ‘ creates ’ a baby than does the obstetrician who performs a caesarean section , an [use] which has saved the lives of countless mothers and babies in situations where birth could not take place by the natural route .

Campaigners are worried that infected milk could be sold on to the public and are also questioning whether there is a vicious circle in operation from sheep to cow to human .
campaigners are worried that infected milk could be sold on to the public and are also questioning whether there is a vicious circle in [use] from sheep to cow to human .

It was a major operation .
it was a major [use] .

The operation is well established ; there are no rejection problems and only size matters when matching a suitable valve to the patient 's heart .
the [use] is well established ; there are no rejection problems and only size matters when matching a suitable valve to the patient 's heart .

Transplanting human valves rather than commercial alternatives also makes economic sense , reducing the cost of the operation by almost 50 % .
transplanting human valves rather than commercial alternatives also makes economic sense , reducing the cost of the [use] by almost 50 % .

Sterilisation is a permanent method of birth control which involves a minor operation for a man or woman .
sterilisation is a permanent method of birth control which involves a minor [use] for a man or woman .

This involves an operation in which the fallopian tubes are closed so that the egg can not travel down them to meet the sperm and start a pregnancy .
this involves an [use] in which the fallopian tubes are closed so that the egg can not travel down them to meet the sperm and start a pregnancy .

Where is the operation carried out ?
where is the [use] carried out ?

The operation should not change a woman 's feelings or emotions , or make her feel less feminine .
the [use] should not change a woman 's feelings or emotions , or make her feel less feminine .

When is the operation effective ?
when is the [use] effective ?

The operation is effective immediately .
the [use] is effective immediately .

However it is important to take reliable contraceptive precautions until the operation is performed , and some doctors also advise the use of contraceptive precautions until the first normal period after the operation .
however it is important to take reliable contraceptive precautions until the [use] is performed , and some doctors also advise the use of contraceptive precautions until the first normal period after the [use] .

This is because an egg that has already almost reached the womb could still be implanted after the operation .
this is because an egg that has already almost reached the womb could still be implanted after the [use] .

Nothing is taken away except the ability to have children and the only difference after the operation is that the seminal fluid ejaculated when a man reaches a climax contains no sperm .
nothing is taken away except the ability to have children and the only difference after the [use] is that the seminal fluid ejaculated when a man reaches a climax contains no sperm .

When is the operation effective ?
when is the [use] effective ?

When the operation is carried out there will still be many sperm left in the tube leading to the penis .
when the [use] is carried out there will still be many sperm left in the tube leading to the penis .

For this reason the man is asked to provide two semen samples for examination about three months after the operation , to see if the seminal fluid is free of sperm .
for this reason the man is asked to provide two semen samples for examination about three months after the [use] , to see if the seminal fluid is free of sperm .

What happens to the eggs and sperm after the operation ? The egg from the ovary is the woman and the sperm from the testicles in the man continue to be produced but as their pathway through the fallopian tubes or vas deferens is blocked after the operation , they are removed by normal body process .
what happens to the eggs and sperm after the [use] ? the egg from the ovary is the woman and the sperm from the testicles in the man continue to be produced but as their pathway through the fallopian tubes or vas deferens is blocked after the [use] , they are removed by normal body process .

It is rare for fertility to return after a sterilisation operation but , occasionally , the pathway through the fallopian tubes in the woman or the vas deferens in the man does re-open and fertility returns .
it is rare for fertility to return after a sterilisation [use] but , occasionally , the pathway through the fallopian tubes in the woman or the vas deferens in the man does re-open and fertility returns .

Operations to reverse sterilisation do exist but the chances of success are not high and depend to some extent on the type of sterilisation operation carried out originally .
operations to reverse sterilisation do exist but the chances of success are not high and depend to some extent on the type of sterilisation [use] carried out originally .

Because of the permanent nature of the operation , counselling is necessary .
because of the permanent nature of the [use] , counselling is necessary .

Is a partner 's consent required ? Sterilisation operations are governed by the same legal requirements as any other operation , that is the patient should give informed permission for the procedure that is to be carried out .
is a partner 's consent required ? sterilisation operations are governed by the same legal requirements as any other [use] , that is the patient should give informed permission for the procedure that is to be carried out .

However , normally a doctor would seek the agreement of the partner before doing a sterilisation operation .
however , normally a doctor would seek the agreement of the partner before doing a sterilisation [use] .

There are many medical treatments for incontinence , which include medicines , exercises , ‘ retraining ’ the bladder and occasionally an operation to repair the bladder .
there are many medical treatments for incontinence , which include medicines , exercises , ‘ retraining ’ the bladder and occasionally an [use] to repair the bladder .

In January 1991 the main part of the Food Safety Act 1990 came into operation . This Act is wide ranging but some of the provisions are :
in january 1991 the main part of the food safety act 1990 came into [use] . this act is wide ranging but some of the provisions are :

The more one partner complains about the behaviour of the other but remains firmly attached to that person , the more we can suspect that a massive projective system is in operation .
the more one partner complains about the behaviour of the other but remains firmly attached to that person , the more we can suspect that a massive projective system is in [use] .

In the early 1980s Jack Kemp drew on Puerto Rico 's Operation Bootstrap as an inspiration for his support of the Enterprise Zone model in the United States ( Guskind , 1989 ) .
in the early 1980s jack kemp drew on puerto rico 's [use] bootstrap as an inspiration for his support of the enterprise zone model in the united states ( guskind , 1989 ) .

The operation of the communities of interest has varied from seeking to preserve neighbourhood cohesion or status quo ( Fineview and Charles Street Kirkbride ) to pursuing the interests of an exclusive and unrepresentative group within the neighbourhood ( such as Allegheny West , Central North Side , East Allegheny and increasingly Manchester ) .
the [use] of the communities of interest has varied from seeking to preserve neighbourhood cohesion or status quo ( fineview and charles street kirkbride ) to pursuing the interests of an exclusive and unrepresentative group within the neighbourhood ( such as allegheny west , central north side , east allegheny and increasingly manchester ) .

Both their formation and operation may be heavily constrained by the state through its managers .
both their formation and [use] may be heavily constrained by the state through its managers .

Dumouriez was equally optimistic about the operation 's longer-term aim ‘ to deprive England for ever of her finest port and greatest naval establishment ’ :
dumouriez was equally optimistic about the [use] 's longer-term aim ‘ to deprive england for ever of her finest port and greatest naval establishment ’ :

The organisation , formerly known as Operation Raleigh , has a new logo and is considering an above-the-line campaign to boost its image revamp next month .
the organisation , formerly known as [use] raleigh , has a new logo and is considering an above-the-line campaign to boost its image revamp next month .

Operation Raleigh was launched in 1984 by Prince Charles and John Blashford-Snell as a four-year project to encourage young people of all classes to get involved in community work abroad .
[use] raleigh was launched in 1984 by prince charles and john blashford-snell as a four-year project to encourage young people of all classes to get involved in community work abroad .

At the start of the operation , children went every day to school equipped with gas masks in cardboard boxes and carrying a small case ready packed — no one knew which day they would actually be leaving and the destination was secret .
at the start of the [use] , children went every day to school equipped with gas masks in cardboard boxes and carrying a small case ready packed — no one knew which day they would actually be leaving and the destination was secret .

There was talk of performing a lobotomy , a last-resort operation for schizophrenia involving the removal of tissues in the frontal lobes of the brain .
there was talk of performing a lobotomy , a last-resort [use] for schizophrenia involving the removal of tissues in the frontal lobes of the brain .

The uncertain effects of the operation ( though some remarkable results had been achieved ) ruled out hasty decisions .
the uncertain effects of the [use] ( though some remarkable results had been achieved ) ruled out hasty decisions .

The operation took place but with little to show for it .
the [use] took place but with little to show for it .

The formalities of putting the Shell account into operation involve a minimum of paperwork .
the formalities of putting the shell account into [use] involve a minimum of paperwork .

The sturdy metal case ensures years of trouble-free operation .
the sturdy metal case ensures years of trouble-free [use] .

Alistair and Wayne show they have appreciated that the addition of one tower to the other will create a new tower that is taller than either of its component towers , whereas Matthew and Claire have been looking at the inverse operation — one brick less and the tower is lower .
alistair and wayne show they have appreciated that the addition of one tower to the other will create a new tower that is taller than either of its component towers , whereas matthew and claire have been looking at the inverse [use] — one brick less and the tower is lower .

One of the problems facing analysis of needs is that there are often several sets of needs in operation , for example , the needs of the individual , the needs of the library , needs of the parent authority , needs of the profession . The Working Party on Training noted that :
one of the problems facing analysis of needs is that there are often several sets of needs in [use] , for example , the needs of the individual , the needs of the library , needs of the parent authority , needs of the profession . the working party on training noted that :

Danzig 's first railway connection from Bromberg to the city 's Main Gate , came into operation in 1852 .
danzig 's first railway connection from bromberg to the city 's main gate , came into [use] in 1852 .

Multiple nets may be extended to become hundreds of yards long for a single operation .
multiple nets may be extended to become hundreds of yards long for a single [use] .

After the second operation all the reopened holes and diggings are filled in as before .
after the second [use] all the reopened holes and diggings are filled in as before .

The Netting Operation
the netting [use]

Once the operation is complete you now come to the next stage — and this depends on whether or not the same nets are to be used again that night .
once the [use] is complete you now come to the next stage — and this depends on whether or not the same nets are to be used again that night .

This was a three-man operation , as for night netting .
this was a three-man [use] , as for night netting .

They were closed down from time to time and checked the day prior to our morning operation .
they were closed down from time to time and checked the day prior to our morning [use] .

It was foreseen that difficult situations might arise in the operation of such a scheme , for example two elderly dementia sufferers could live next door to one another , one able to receive support from the action project and the other not .
it was foreseen that difficult situations might arise in the [use] of such a scheme , for example two elderly dementia sufferers could live next door to one another , one able to receive support from the action project and the other not .

And finally this chapter describes how the research methods worked in practice , before turning in Chapter Three to the operation of the action project .
and finally this chapter describes how the research methods worked in practice , before turning in chapter three to the [use] of the action project .

As already stated , many innovative schemes appeared to be in operation , but there was very little evaluation .
as already stated , many innovative schemes appeared to be in [use] , but there was very little evaluation .

For some purposes the action project in operation can best be described directly by the development officers and their support workers ( see for example Murphy and Rapley , 1986 ) .
for some purposes the action project in [use] can best be described directly by the development officers and their support workers ( see for example murphy and rapley , 1986 ) .

In Newham there was no key worker system of the kind in operation in Ipswich .
in newham there was no key worker system of the kind in [use] in ipswich .

Secondly Table 6.1 shows that community service costs increased markedly between first and second assessment ( as one would expect , given that referral to the psychogeriatric service , even without the operation of the Home Support Project , is usually the signal for an assessment of home care needs ) .
secondly table 6.1 shows that community service costs increased markedly between first and second assessment ( as one would expect , given that referral to the psychogeriatric service , even without the [use] of the home support project , is usually the signal for an assessment of home care needs ) .

It is possible to obtain aromatherapy grade oils but , before we discuss that , let us take a look at the main extraction methods in operation today .
it is possible to obtain aromatherapy grade oils but , before we discuss that , let us take a look at the main extraction methods in [use] today .

So many different methods of selecting committees are in operation that no uniform method can be given here .
so many different methods of selecting committees are in [use] that no uniform method can be given here .

My initial reaction had been a prime , although mild , example of ageism in operation .
my initial reaction had been a prime , although mild , example of ageism in [use] .

Rather than arguing that elderly people should automatically have a right to all forms of screening or other selective treatments , we should ask whether such programmes should be in Operation at all , and if the resources would not be better deployed in alternative approaches .
rather than arguing that elderly people should automatically have a right to all forms of screening or other selective treatments , we should ask whether such programmes should be in [use] at all , and if the resources would not be better deployed in alternative approaches .

Four main factors encouraged the decline in employment in the 1980s : first , the concentration of older workers , in many instances , in declining industries ; second , the operation of particular schemes to promote worker redeployment ( eg the Redundancy Payments Act ) or replacement ( the Job Release Scheme ) ; third , the pressure of high unemployment ; fourth , changing attitudes among government , business , trade unions and older people themselves , in respect of the older worker 's right to employment in relation to other younger age groups .
four main factors encouraged the decline in employment in the 1980s : first , the concentration of older workers , in many instances , in declining industries ; second , the [use] of particular schemes to promote worker redeployment ( eg the redundancy payments act ) or replacement ( the job release scheme ) ; third , the pressure of high unemployment ; fourth , changing attitudes among government , business , trade unions and older people themselves , in respect of the older worker 's right to employment in relation to other younger age groups .

It was a long and tricky operation .
it was a long and tricky [use] .

For his stone-crushing operation on the middle section , Mr. Swoish was entitled to put machinery on the land for up to 28 days a year .
for his stone-crushing [use] on the middle section , mr. swoish was entitled to put machinery on the land for up to 28 days a year .

Sadly , the new mark wo n't count , preferred lies still being in operation .
sadly , the new mark wo n't count , preferred lies still being in [use] .

It was made clear to us that Operation ‘ Brisket ’ for the road haulage dispute , ‘ Bittern ’ for the rapidly growing ambulance drivers ' dispute , and ‘ Nimrod ’ in the case of the water workers ' action , were all long on detailed planning , but short on how much could actually be done in a major dispute .
it was made clear to us that [use] ‘ brisket ’ for the road haulage dispute , ‘ bittern ’ for the rapidly growing ambulance drivers ' dispute , and ‘ nimrod ’ in the case of the water workers ' action , were all long on detailed planning , but short on how much could actually be done in a major dispute .

One insider explained how difficult it was , with the cuts in secret budgets , to run a proper intelligence operation in Argentina , certainly compared to the late forties and early fifties ( when Churchill sent his task force ) .
one insider explained how difficult it was , with the cuts in secret budgets , to run a proper intelligence [use] in argentina , certainly compared to the late forties and early fifties ( when churchill sent his task force ) .

Wartime concerns with the pro-fascist inclinations of the government in Buenos Aires had bequeathed a large intelligence operation to the peace .
wartime concerns with the pro-fascist inclinations of the government in buenos aires had bequeathed a large intelligence [use] to the peace .

The Franks Report was critical of the operation of the Joint Intelligence Committee and its assessment machinery .
the franks report was critical of the [use] of the joint intelligence committee and its assessment machinery .

As we have seen only the papers relevant to the subject of our review , we are not able to judge how the assessment machinery deals with areas of higher priority , but we believe that , in dealing with Argentina and the Falkland Islands , it was too passive in operation to respond quickly and critically to a rapidly changing situation which demanded urgent attention .
as we have seen only the papers relevant to the subject of our review , we are not able to judge how the assessment machinery deals with areas of higher priority , but we believe that , in dealing with argentina and the falkland islands , it was too passive in [use] to respond quickly and critically to a rapidly changing situation which demanded urgent attention .

On this , consideration should be given to the position of the Chairman of the Committee : to the desirability that he or she should be full-time , with a more critical and independent role ; and , in recognition of the Committee 's independence in operation from the Government Departments principally constituting it , to the Chairman 's being appointed by the Prime Minister and being a member of the Cabinet Office .
on this , consideration should be given to the position of the chairman of the committee : to the desirability that he or she should be full-time , with a more critical and independent role ; and , in recognition of the committee 's independence in [use] from the government departments principally constituting it , to the chairman 's being appointed by the prime minister and being a member of the cabinet office .

There the operation was repeated .
there the [use] was repeated .

Where the selector is dealing with a single service point the final order is a relatively simple operation .
where the selector is dealing with a single service point the final order is a relatively simple [use] .

There are some valid reasons for this , principally the fact that the more limited range of user needs reduces the complexity of the operation of provision .
there are some valid reasons for this , principally the fact that the more limited range of user needs reduces the complexity of the [use] of provision .

There are some problems attached to the operation of the scheme .
there are some problems attached to the [use] of the scheme .

Standard car 48 , reversing on the Marton route 's last day of tramway operation in 1962 .
standard car 48 , reversing on the marton route 's last day of tramway [use] in 1962 .

The Squires Gate route to the Airport , which was operated by trams until October 1961 , when it became the first post-war route to change to bus operation , was latterly operated in the summer season by double and single-deck cars , running alternately to Cabin and Bispham . However the route had the unique distinction in Blackpool of operation by horse , gas and electric trams !
the squires gate route to the airport , which was operated by trams until october 1961 , when it became the first post-war route to change to bus [use] , was latterly operated in the summer season by double and single-deck cars , running alternately to cabin and bispham . however the route had the unique distinction in blackpool of [use] by horse , gas and electric trams !

The decision was taken the change to bus operation , and the last car — railcoach 268 — left Squires Gate for Manchester Square on 29 October 1961 .
the decision was taken the change to bus [use] , and the last car — railcoach 268 — left squires gate for manchester square on 29 october 1961 .

The two small cars seated only 32 inside , and it has been speculated that they were intended to draw the trailers during summer operation .
the two small cars seated only 32 inside , and it has been speculated that they were intended to draw the trailers during summer [use] .

The opening of the town services in 1901–2 , necessitated Blackpool buying trams which would be suitable for year-round operation .
the opening of the town services in 1901–2 , necessitated blackpool buying trams which would be suitable for year-round [use] .

Their operation in regular service was confined to the Marton route , after the conversion to buses of Layton and Central Drive in 1936 .
their [use] in regular service was confined to the marton route , after the conversion to buses of layton and central drive in 1936 .

The operation of trolleys and pantographs together was not without its problems , and it was said that the great used on the collector plates could be found on the overhead line as far as Lytham !
the [use] of trolleys and pantographs together was not without its problems , and it was said that the great used on the collector plates could be found on the overhead line as far as lytham !

This followed a Transport Department delegation to Zurich to study trailer car operation there .
this followed a transport department delegation to zurich to study trailer car [use] there .

It is debatable whether he ever envisaged trailer operation in its accepted sense , with trailers being detached at off-peak times .
it is debatable whether he ever envisaged trailer [use] in its accepted sense , with trailers being detached at off-peak times .

At first they operated alongside their toastrack predecessors , but in post-war years they were the only open cars in operation .
at first they operated alongside their toastrack predecessors , but in post-war years they were the only open cars in [use] .

This rendered them less economic in operation .
this rendered them less economic in [use] .

The need for more flexibility and economy of operation led to the rebuilding of 725 with new ends and a front entrance/exit in 1979 .
the need for more flexibility and economy of [use] led to the rebuilding of 725 with new ends and a front entrance/exit in 1979 .

Car 638 was rebuilt for one-man operation in 1969 , but was found unsuitable and subsequently scrapped .
car 638 was rebuilt for one-man [use] in 1969 , but was found unsuitable and subsequently scrapped .

The last season for any Coronation operation was 1975 , over twenty years since their introduction .
the last season for any coronation [use] was 1975 , over twenty years since their introduction .

One-man winter operation was the answer to rising costs .
one-man winter [use] was the answer to rising costs .

The only depot now in operation is that in Hopton Road , which was opened in summer 1935 to house the streamlined fleet newly in service .
the only depot now in [use] is that in hopton road , which was opened in summer 1935 to house the streamlined fleet newly in service .

Walter Luff did not make the same mistakes as his predecessor , and paralleled the extensive improvements on the tramway by a redevelopment office of the bus system , including the sacrifice of two heavily-trafficked tram routes to bus operation .
walter luff did not make the same mistakes as his predecessor , and paralleled the extensive improvements on the tramway by a redevelopment office of the bus system , including the sacrifice of two heavily-trafficked tram routes to bus [use] .

Lancashire County Council , who with local government reorganisation , had a responsibility for developing policies in respect of public passenger transport , accepted that the Blackpool tramway was an integral part of public transport in the area and they made finance available towards the operation of the tramway including renewal of the tram track .
lancashire county council , who with local government reorganisation , had a responsibility for developing policies in respect of public passenger transport , accepted that the blackpool tramway was an integral part of public transport in the area and they made finance available towards the [use] of the tramway including renewal of the tram track .

Counterpointing this forward-looking development was the forthcoming Tramway Centenary in 1985 , involving the operation of museum cars from other systems .
counterpointing this forward-looking development was the forthcoming tramway centenary in 1985 , involving the [use] of museum cars from other systems .

At a time of enormous demands on the energies resources and initiative of the Department , and the Government proposals for changes in the legislative framework of bus operation , the development work on further cars underlines Blackpool Borough Council 's confidence in the future of the tramway .
at a time of enormous demands on the energies resources and initiative of the department , and the government proposals for changes in the legislative framework of bus [use] , the development work on further cars underlines blackpool borough council 's confidence in the future of the tramway .

Some travel to far parts of the world to see tramway operation , while others conserve and maintain the cars which are in museums .
some travel to far parts of the world to see tramway [use] , while others conserve and maintain the cars which are in museums .

It is the only inland funicular railway in this country , and is still in operation , its cars travelling up and down a gradient of 1–1½ and worked nowadays by electric motor .
it is the only inland funicular railway in this country , and is still in [use] , its cars travelling up and down a gradient of 1–1½ and worked nowadays by electric motor .

but is sometimes put in operation with a donkey , as a tourist attraction .
but is sometimes put in [use] with a donkey , as a tourist attraction .

The harbour 's purpose was to ship china clay and copper from Rashleigh 's quarries and mines , and it was enlarged twice during its early years of operation .
the harbour 's purpose was to ship china clay and copper from rashleigh 's quarries and mines , and it was enlarged twice during its early years of [use] .

This mill remained in operation until 1971 , but the introduction of plastic bobbins killed off this local coppice industry ( see Caldbeck ) which shared the fortunes of the cotton industry in Lancashire .
this mill remained in [use] until 1971 , but the introduction of plastic bobbins killed off this local coppice industry ( see caldbeck ) which shared the fortunes of the cotton industry in lancashire .

It is a stone bridge which was abandoned within twelve years when the railway was re-aligned for steam locomotive operation .
it is a stone bridge which was abandoned within twelve years when the railway was re-aligned for steam locomotive [use] .

Some compensation was eventually paid to the villagers by the Board of Trade , after much prevarication and talk of ‘ natural causes ’ ; the fact was the Board had permitted the dredging operation without foreseeing the consequences .
some compensation was eventually paid to the villagers by the board of trade , after much prevarication and talk of ‘ natural causes ’ ; the fact was the board had permitted the dredging [use] without foreseeing the consequences .

The tramway remained in operation for forty years , during which time the Haytor quarries also supplied granite for the British Museum and many other famous buildings .
the tramway remained in [use] for forty years , during which time the haytor quarries also supplied granite for the british museum and many other famous buildings .

in 1968 , and carefully dismantled and re-erected here in an ambitious piece of preservation work like a sort of Abu Simbel operation in miniature .
in 1968 , and carefully dismantled and re-erected here in an ambitious piece of preservation work like a sort of abu simbel [use] in miniature .

The operation of the wheel is unusual , being a variation on the overshot type in which water falls on to the top of the wheel and turns it in the same direction as the water 's flow .
the [use] of the wheel is unusual , being a variation on the overshot type in which water falls on to the top of the wheel and turns it in the same direction as the water 's flow .

Visitors can see the works and methods in operation .
visitors can see the works and methods in [use] .

For example , if surgery were performed to remove all nerves supplying the part from which the complaint originated , this could be used as a test to decide if the word pain could be used to describe the condition which disappeared after the operation .
for example , if surgery were performed to remove all nerves supplying the part from which the complaint originated , this could be used as a test to decide if the word pain could be used to describe the condition which disappeared after the [use] .

There are those who wish to mechanise man and to assign pain to the operation of a specific Cartesian mechanism whose job is to detect injury and inevitably provoke the pain response .
there are those who wish to mechanise man and to assign pain to the [use] of a specific cartesian mechanism whose job is to detect injury and inevitably provoke the pain response .

Occasionally , employers argue that a prolonged illness ‘ frustrates ’ the contract , so that the job comes to an end through operation of the law as a result of the unforeseen occurrence of the sickness , without there being a dismissal .
occasionally , employers argue that a prolonged illness ‘ frustrates ’ the contract , so that the job comes to an end through [use] of the law as a result of the unforeseen occurrence of the sickness , without there being a dismissal .

If the business has different sections or different sites , you should enquire whether all its employees have been considered for redundancy or whether your particular part of the operation is the only one which has come under scrutiny for cut-backs .
if the business has different sections or different sites , you should enquire whether all its employees have been considered for redundancy or whether your particular part of the [use] is the only one which has come under scrutiny for cut-backs .

In a slimming-down operation , the job performance and skills of the members of the selection group are likely to be relevant in the redundancy selection process .
in a slimming-down [use] , the job performance and skills of the members of the selection group are likely to be relevant in the redundancy selection process .

It uses cellulosic or polyamide spiral-wound membranes with low pressure operation and high flow rates to remove 90–98 per cent total solids and 99 per cent of all bacteria , viruses , pyrogens and organics with a molecular weight of greater than 150 .
it uses cellulosic or polyamide spiral-wound membranes with low pressure [use] and high flow rates to remove 90–98 per cent total solids and 99 per cent of all bacteria , viruses , pyrogens and organics with a molecular weight of greater than 150 .

However , in a small study of vascular tissue removed at operation prostacyclin generation was found to be reduced in tissue from diabetics ( Johnson et al , 1979 ) .
however , in a small study of vascular tissue removed at [use] prostacyclin generation was found to be reduced in tissue from diabetics ( johnson et al , 1979 ) .

4 summarises the provisional results of this operation , linking the concealed thrust sheets with the better known units at outcrop in the West Country and South Wales .
4 summarises the provisional results of this [use] , linking the concealed thrust sheets with the better known units at outcrop in the west country and south wales .

The geometry of the fracture is usually calculated on the basis of volume of fluid injected during the hydraulic fracture operation .
the geometry of the fracture is usually calculated on the basis of volume of fluid injected during the hydraulic fracture [use] .

Against each activity the information required for successful operation , or produced during the activity , had been listed .
against each activity the information required for successful [use] , or produced during the activity , had been listed .

Neither of these packages were entirely suitable for the operation of local authority establishments , and some customisation was considered necessary before the requirement could be met in full .
neither of these packages were entirely suitable for the [use] of local authority establishments , and some customisation was considered necessary before the requirement could be met in full .

For example , the management information function referred to frequently in the chart did not exist in most Colleges before the study was carried out , but appeared to be essential for effective operation in the future .
for example , the management information function referred to frequently in the chart did not exist in most colleges before the study was carried out , but appeared to be essential for effective [use] in the future .

Procedures of both sorts can be found in any type or size of organisation , for filling in forms , processing goods , inputting data to a computer system etc , and those directed at the continual development and implementation of policy , or the preservation of the mode of business operation .
procedures of both sorts can be found in any type or size of organisation , for filling in forms , processing goods , inputting data to a computer system etc , and those directed at the continual development and implementation of policy , or the preservation of the mode of business [use] .

Although there was a facility for central storage of information , localised filing systems were also in operation , and there appeared to be a large amount of duplication .
although there was a facility for central storage of information , localised filing systems were also in [use] , and there appeared to be a large amount of duplication .

However , the operation of such practices could affect planning by their District ( s ) .
however , the [use] of such practices could affect planning by their district ( s ) .

With such a system there seems little to prevent providers behaving in the same manner as providers elsewhere where reimbursement systems are in operation .
with such a system there seems little to prevent providers behaving in the same manner as providers elsewhere where reimbursement systems are in [use] .

One can not necessarily assume that the operation of market principles per se will automatically lead to efficiency .
one can not necessarily assume that the [use] of market principles per se will automatically lead to efficiency .

For certain types of elective operation , there is likely to be much more scope for choice in whether or not to let contracts .
for certain types of elective [use] , there is likely to be much more scope for choice in whether or not to let contracts .

But the fact is that there might be persons eager to oppose the operation of the trust , and vested interests in declaring that no legal intention could be seen in the words used by the testator .
but the fact is that there might be persons eager to oppose the [use] of the trust , and vested interests in declaring that no legal intention could be seen in the words used by the testator .

‘ When you might be the very man we need to defeat the entire French operation .
‘ when you might be the very man we need to defeat the entire french [use] .

The important fact about a field survey is that it is a once-and-for-all operation which can not be repeated .
the important fact about a field survey is that it is a once-and-for-all [use] which can not be repeated .

Voice operation has spread furthest where the problems encountered by developers are least difficult to solve .
voice [use] has spread furthest where the problems encountered by developers are least difficult to solve .

The greatest barrier to full voice operation is the difficulty of achieving voice recognition .
the greatest barrier to full voice [use] is the difficulty of achieving voice recognition .

Asked why it had taken so long for Doris to get back in touch with this world , Mr Lacey explained that it was probably the exhaustion caused by her illness , the brain operation and unsuccessful medical treatment .
asked why it had taken so long for doris to get back in touch with this world , mr lacey explained that it was probably the exhaustion caused by her illness , the brain [use] and unsuccessful medical treatment .

It was a very tricky operation to get the barrels safely down on to the road , up onto and across the pavement to the lift .
it was a very tricky [use] to get the barrels safely down on to the road , up onto and across the pavement to the lift .

During this operation , the market was not a place for the general public .
during this [use] , the market was not a place for the general public .

During the carnival , an open air Pierrot Show was in operation in front of the Shady Bower Pavilion and there were numerous side shows around the field .
during the carnival , an open air pierrot show was in [use] in front of the shady bower pavilion and there were numerous side shows around the field .

Women showed themselves to be remarkably adaptable to the heavy engineering work involved and many of them displayed such interest and versatility that they were able to undertake really high class work such as turning , milling , and drilling of precision components , high grade fitting work , electric and oxy-acetylene welding , crane driving , and operation of power hammers .
women showed themselves to be remarkably adaptable to the heavy engineering work involved and many of them displayed such interest and versatility that they were able to undertake really high class work such as turning , milling , and drilling of precision components , high grade fitting work , electric and oxy-acetylene welding , crane driving , and [use] of power hammers .

Wolverton already had a flow system for carriage building in operation ; the works were laid out by Park for this , as the plans show .
wolverton already had a flow system for carriage building in [use] ; the works were laid out by park for this , as the plans show .

On completion of this operation , the assembly was lifted by overhead crane and placed in the inverted position of carriers .
on completion of this [use] , the assembly was lifted by overhead crane and placed in the inverted position of carriers .

In the preparation of the details themselves in the various shops , the underlying idea of continuous progression from one operation to another was adopted .
in the preparation of the details themselves in the various shops , the underlying idea of continuous progression from one [use] to another was adopted .

The seat backs and seats passed along benches fitted with rollers in the centre , so that each man performed his own operation and then passed the back or seat along to the next man in the line .
the seat backs and seats passed along benches fitted with rollers in the centre , so that each man performed his own [use] and then passed the back or seat along to the next man in the line .

The brass shop was laid out with the rough brass stores on one side , whence the castings passed to the machines , thence to the benches , and from there to the polishers , next to the platers and finally to the lacquerers at the other side of the shop , each operation in turn bringing the parts further across the shop .
the brass shop was laid out with the rough brass stores on one side , whence the castings passed to the machines , thence to the benches , and from there to the polishers , next to the platers and finally to the lacquerers at the other side of the shop , each [use] in turn bringing the parts further across the shop .

First operation — ( a ) solebars , truss bars , longitudinals , crossbars , diagonals , headstocks , buffer brackets , diagonal braces , gusset plates ; ( b ) the ends , comprising the crossbar diagonals , headstocks and buffer brackets , were jigged together before they were assembled in the underframe , and the truss bars , step irons and brake hanger brackets were riveted to the solebars .
first [use] — ( a ) solebars , truss bars , longitudinals , crossbars , diagonals , headstocks , buffer brackets , diagonal braces , gusset plates ; ( b ) the ends , comprising the crossbar diagonals , headstocks and buffer brackets , were jigged together before they were assembled in the underframe , and the truss bars , step irons and brake hanger brackets were riveted to the solebars .

In the second operation the cross truss frames , having been previously jigged together , were assembled in the frame .
in the second [use] the cross truss frames , having been previously jigged together , were assembled in the frame .

The third operation consisted of mounting the drawgear brakework , brake and heating pipes and electric light installation , and the fourth operation was that of painting .
the third [use] consisted of mounting the drawgear brakework , brake and heating pipes and electric light installation , and the fourth [use] was that of painting .

The fifth operation consisted of lowering the underframe on to the bogies .
the fifth [use] consisted of lowering the underframe on to the bogies .

The bogies were assembled adjacent to the underframes and in a somewhat similar manner , the final operation being carried out near to , and on the same road as , the underframe lowering operation .
the bogies were assembled adjacent to the underframes and in a somewhat similar manner , the final [use] being carried out near to , and on the same road as , the underframe lowering [use] .

First operation — this included ( a ) floor : bottom , sides ( received from the sawmill in two portions ) ; end bars and crossbars were fixed in position on the underframe , the whole was cramped together and secured by the corner knees .
first [use] — this included ( a ) floor : bottom , sides ( received from the sawmill in two portions ) ; end bars and crossbars were fixed in position on the underframe , the whole was cramped together and secured by the corner knees .

Second operation — roof : ( a ) roof sticks and irons fixed , sides straightened up , and roof boarded , canvased and painted lead colour .
second [use] — roof : ( a ) roof sticks and irons fixed , sides straightened up , and roof boarded , canvased and painted lead colour .

Third operation — ( a ) doors which had been made and gauged in a master jig , cased inside and polished , were hung , the locks and handles fitted and seat bearers fixed by body makers .
third [use] — ( a ) doors which had been made and gauged in a master jig , cased inside and polished , were hung , the locks and handles fitted and seat bearers fixed by body makers .

Fourth operation — ( a ) body makers fit door bumpers , door guides , door bottom blocks and drop strip .
fourth [use] — ( a ) body makers fit door bumpers , door guides , door bottom blocks and drop strip .

Fifth operation — ( a ) finishers frame up corridor and lavatory partitions ; fit window bars and lavatory fittings .
fifth [use] — ( a ) finishers frame up corridor and lavatory partitions ; fit window bars and lavatory fittings .

Sixth operation — ( a ) finishers hang sliding doors , corridor parting and end doors , lavatory doors , fit squab and photo frames , compartment quarter panels , pillar facings , ‘ hit-and-miss ’ vent regulators and compartment vent lights , and welt door mouldings ; also fit cornice mouldings .
sixth [use] — ( a ) finishers hang sliding doors , corridor parting and end doors , lavatory doors , fit squab and photo frames , compartment quarter panels , pillar facings , ‘ hit-and-miss ’ vent regulators and compartment vent lights , and welt door mouldings ; also fit cornice mouldings .

Seventh operation — ( a ) finishers fix luggage racks , seat backs , blind hoods , door lights , seats , tables etc. ( b ) underneath seats and heaters painted , quarter-lights bedded , frames cleaned up .
seventh [use] — ( a ) finishers fix luggage racks , seat backs , blind hoods , door lights , seats , tables etc. ( b ) underneath seats and heaters painted , quarter-lights bedded , frames cleaned up .

Eighth operation — ( a ) outside of coach rubbed down and first coat of lead colour applied .
eighth [use] — ( a ) outside of coach rubbed down and first coat of lead colour applied .

The first operation in the lift shop was a brake test .
the first [use] in the lift shop was a brake test .

In the northern bay of this shop a progressive ramp system was in operation .
in the northern bay of this shop a progressive ramp system was in [use] .

In the second operation — ( 1 ) the coachmakers re-fitted doors , panels , fascias and mouldings .
in the second [use] — ( 1 ) the coachmakers re-fitted doors , panels , fascias and mouldings .

The third operation covered the following : ( 1 ) coachmakers re-fixed locks and handles , window lights re-bedded .
the third [use] covered the following : ( 1 ) coachmakers re-fixed locks and handles , window lights re-bedded .

In the fourth operation — ( 1 ) coachmakers re-fitted gangways and fixed door stops and commode handles , end steps , etc .
in the fourth [use] — ( 1 ) coachmakers re-fitted gangways and fixed door stops and commode handles , end steps , etc .

In operation , the tractor backed and lined up to the trailer , and the two ramps met .
in [use] , the tractor backed and lined up to the trailer , and the two ramps met .

To ensure fairness a waiting list is always in operation .
to ensure fairness a waiting list is always in [use] .

They went on to urge that the national system should employ tests susceptible to a wide range of mode of presentation , operation and response .
they went on to urge that the national system should employ tests susceptible to a wide range of mode of presentation , [use] and response .

The arguments in favour of the cultivation of veterinary medicine were principally two — the excellence of the art , and the importance of the subjects of its operation .
the arguments in favour of the cultivation of veterinary medicine were principally two — the excellence of the art , and the importance of the subjects of its [use] .

In the first operation , which he performed ‘ with considerable anxiety ’ , fearing that the superfluous digit communicated with the fetlock joint , he was assisted by John Hunter .
in the first [use] , which he performed ‘ with considerable anxiety ’ , fearing that the superfluous digit communicated with the fetlock joint , he was assisted by john hunter .

The consequence of this ‘ friendly and useful ’ advice was that the parts healed in half the time after the second operation as they did after the first .
the consequence of this ‘ friendly and useful ’ advice was that the parts healed in half the time after the second [use] as they did after the first .

From 1818 he popularised the practice of neurectomy for alleviating foot lameness , performing the operation several hundreds of times .
from 1818 he popularised the practice of neurectomy for alleviating foot lameness , performing the [use] several hundreds of times .

Industrial partners often have a budget allowed specifically for the operation of the partnership and of more generous proportions than budgets allowed to educationists .
industrial partners often have a budget allowed specifically for the [use] of the partnership and of more generous proportions than budgets allowed to educationists .

The Mid Glamorgan Education Business Partnership has been in operation since 1989 .
the mid glamorgan education business partnership has been in [use] since 1989 .

The first two years of operation have been characterised by heavy marketing and promotion both locally and nationally in order to establish the concept with industry and education .
the first two years of [use] have been characterised by heavy marketing and promotion both locally and nationally in order to establish the concept with industry and education .

Business has a varied set of formats , from public to private ownership , from board-dominated to the locally-owned small operation .
business has a varied set of formats , from public to private ownership , from board-dominated to the locally-owned small [use] .

Management of a kind there must be however , for maintenance of direction and purpose of the whole provincial operation .
management of a kind there must be however , for maintenance of direction and purpose of the whole provincial [use] .

Military operation — not the battle but the campaign — offers analogy .
military [use] — not the battle but the campaign — offers analogy .

Partnership in operation can release physical and financial resources that otherwise would remain obscured .
partnership in [use] can release physical and financial resources that otherwise would remain obscured .

that deposited , whether inside or outside the curtilage of a sewage treatment works , as an integral part of the operation of those works ,
that deposited , whether inside or outside the curtilage of a sewage treatment works , as an integral part of the [use] of those works ,

Reason : ‘ To ensure that the operation of the plant does not give rise to an environmental hazard or danger to public health ’ .
reason : ‘ to ensure that the [use] of the plant does not give rise to an environmental hazard or danger to public health ’ .

It should be noted that where the grounds for revocation be serious detriment to the amenity the area , any disposal operation will be allowed to continue pending an appeal under s. 10 ( 2 ) .
it should be noted that where the grounds for revocation be serious detriment to the amenity the area , any disposal [use] will be allowed to continue pending an appeal under s. 10 ( 2 ) .

The first report of that working party assessed the problems in Great Britain , whilst the second report , published in 1975 , by Warren Spring Laboratory , Department of Industry , is a comprehensive summary to best present practice in odour measurement , prevention and abatement as well as planning , design and operation of factories and installations liable to produce unpleasant odours .
the first report of that working party assessed the problems in great britain , whilst the second report , published in 1975 , by warren spring laboratory , department of industry , is a comprehensive summary to best present practice in odour measurement , prevention and abatement as well as planning , design and [use] of factories and installations liable to produce unpleasant odours .

Whatever control method is chosen it must be rigorously adhered to and where specialised equipment is installed the design is all important , as is the correct operation and regular maintenance of such equipment in order to minimise any breakdown and subsequent odour problem .
whatever control method is chosen it must be rigorously adhered to and where specialised equipment is installed the design is all important , as is the correct [use] and regular maintenance of such equipment in order to minimise any breakdown and subsequent odour problem .

By the second half of the 1960s the machinery of local democracy was being presented in official reports as one of the sources of problems for the effective operation of local government .
by the second half of the 1960s the machinery of local democracy was being presented in official reports as one of the sources of problems for the effective [use] of local government .

In England , Wales and Scotland the new local government systems which finally came into operation in 1974 appeared to confirm a new status for local government , which was also reflected in significantly increased salaries for the chief officers of the new councils .
in england , wales and scotland the new local government systems which finally came into [use] in 1974 appeared to confirm a new status for local government , which was also reflected in significantly increased salaries for the chief officers of the new councils .

The various urban development corporations , for example , are recognizably different in their modes of operation and have not always followed the line favoured by central government .
the various urban development corporations , for example , are recognizably different in their modes of [use] and have not always followed the line favoured by central government .

They must also communicate these to staff at the school and be responsible for their operation .
they must also communicate these to staff at the school and be responsible for their [use] .

An essential component of any local management scheme is the staff training which precedes its introduction and continues throughout its operation .
an essential component of any local management scheme is the staff training which precedes its introduction and continues throughout its [use] .

Articles 85 and 86 of the Treaty of Rome , the text of which is set out in Appendix 1 , define the framework for the operation of the Community competition rules .
articles 85 and 86 of the treaty of rome , the text of which is set out in appendix 1 , define the framework for the [use] of the community competition rules .

Surveillance by the Commission of the operation of all future agreements or marketing policies .
surveillance by the commission of the [use] of all future agreements or marketing policies .

Undertakings entrusted with the operation of ‘ services of general economic interest ’ or ‘ having the character of a revenue-producing monopoly ’ have a special status , and under certain circumstances defined in Article 90 of the Treaty of Rome , those special activities may be exempt from the competition rules .
undertakings entrusted with the [use] of ‘ services of general economic interest ’ or ‘ having the character of a revenue-producing monopoly ’ have a special status , and under certain circumstances defined in article 90 of the treaty of rome , those special activities may be exempt from the competition rules .

The sooner an agreement is notified the longer the period of protection from fines is likely to be , since such protection does not exist for any period of operation of an agreement prior to notification .
the sooner an agreement is notified the longer the period of protection from fines is likely to be , since such protection does not exist for any period of [use] of an agreement prior to notification .

The Irish Distillers case is another practical example of the operation of interim measures .
the irish distillers case is another practical example of the [use] of interim measures .

‘ Turnover ’ means post-tax turnover for all goods and services in the financial year , applied as part of an undertaking 's ordinary activities , but excludes turnover from a group 's internal operation .
‘ turnover ’ means post-tax turnover for all goods and services in the financial year , applied as part of an undertaking 's ordinary activities , but excludes turnover from a group 's internal [use] .

There will be no concentration if the joint venture is cooperative , that is , if it is an operation that has ‘ the object or effect of co-ordinating the competitive behaviour of undertakings which remain independent ’ .
there will be no concentration if the joint venture is cooperative , that is , if it is an [use] that has ‘ the object or effect of co-ordinating the competitive behaviour of undertakings which remain independent ’ .

In this sense ‘ shallow ’ means that the physical principles underlying system operation are not attempted .
in this sense ‘ shallow ’ means that the physical principles underlying system [use] are not attempted .

These types of system require a greater investment both in cost and technical expertise but at the same time allow a modular approach to construction and greater flexibility in operation when dealing with new diagnostic situations .
these types of system require a greater investment both in cost and technical expertise but at the same time allow a modular approach to construction and greater flexibility in [use] when dealing with new diagnostic situations .

Fair degree of complexity ( analogue operation )
fair degree of complexity ( analogue [use] )

Close to ‘ state of the art ’ aircraft operation can be achieved economically by modification or retrofit , ie hushkitting , reengine programmes , flight deck upgrades , etc .
close to ‘ state of the art ’ aircraft [use] can be achieved economically by modification or retrofit , ie hushkitting , reengine programmes , flight deck upgrades , etc .

All three elements have a significant effect upon the overall efficiency of any maintenance operation .
all three elements have a significant effect upon the overall efficiency of any maintenance [use] .

Therefore the plan of how the maintenance operation is to be achieved is a significant factor in underwriting delivery confidence .
therefore the plan of how the maintenance [use] is to be achieved is a significant factor in underwriting delivery confidence .

At best inaccurate technical publications and documentation cause workforce frustration , lower productivity and reduced maintenance operation efficiency .
at best inaccurate technical publications and documentation cause workforce frustration , lower productivity and reduced maintenance [use] efficiency .

However , the consequences of non-availability of aircraft spares when called for is delay to the maintenance operation or the initiation of component transfer from one aircraft to another .
however , the consequences of non-availability of aircraft spares when called for is delay to the maintenance [use] or the initiation of component transfer from one aircraft to another .

‘ It 's a holding operation , ’ Delaney summed up briskly , ‘ more than anything .
‘ it 's a holding [use] , ’ delaney summed up briskly , ‘ more than anything .

Then he spoke into a reserve speaker , using the designated call for the operation .
then he spoke into a reserve speaker , using the designated call for the [use] .

The casualty rate so far was no more than might have been expected from the hazardous nature of the operation , and although he could not , in all honesty , say he was in command of the whole ship , he at least held the strategic upper hand .
the casualty rate so far was no more than might have been expected from the hazardous nature of the [use] , and although he could not , in all honesty , say he was in command of the whole ship , he at least held the strategic upper hand .

Lawton had just appeared in what looked like an operating theatre , standing motionless in the corner as though an actual operation was in progress and he was an unwelcome intruder .
lawton had just appeared in what looked like an operating theatre , standing motionless in the corner as though an actual [use] was in progress and he was an unwelcome intruder .

‘ Mahon … operation … wrong . ’
‘ mahon … [use] … wrong . ’

She could only guess at the operation .
she could only guess at the [use] .

This was not the triumphal procession which one day would beat a noisy and brilliant path to a swept and garnished city , but a military operation , to do with the handing over of power .
this was not the triumphal procession which one day would beat a noisy and brilliant path to a swept and garnished city , but a military [use] , to do with the handing over of power .

He looked down at her , like a surgeon before an operation .
he looked down at her , like a surgeon before an [use] .

‘ You mean Ibn Fayoud might be entering his horses abroad as part of some sort of smuggling operation ? ’
‘ you mean ibn fayoud might be entering his horses abroad as part of some sort of smuggling [use] ? ’

As an operation , infibulation is just about as unpleasant in its consequences as it sounds .
as an [use] , infibulation is just about as unpleasant in its consequences as it sounds .

Timed tickets in operation : visitors will be asked to wait at busy periods .
timed tickets in [use] : visitors will be asked to wait at busy periods .

Building societies ' basic rules of operation were designed for home buyers to repay loans over periods of twenty to twenty-five years without over-committing themselves .
building societies ' basic rules of [use] were designed for home buyers to repay loans over periods of twenty to twenty-five years without over-committing themselves .

’ yelped Margaret Lenham , as much astonished as afraid at the sight of what he planned to use for the operation : a knitting needle .
’ yelped margaret lenham , as much astonished as afraid at the sight of what he planned to use for the [use] : a knitting needle .

Obviously a one-man operation by a disturbed girl who believed in her own propaganda .
obviously a one-man [use] by a disturbed girl who believed in her own propaganda .

This is the operation that plant workers decided they could do without on the morning of the accident .
this is the [use] that plant workers decided they could do without on the morning of the accident .

To achieve savings of around 30 per cent , the French will relax certain safety constraints observed in Super-Phenix , the 1200 megawatt breeder due to come into operation next year .
to achieve savings of around 30 per cent , the french will relax certain safety constraints observed in super-phenix , the 1200 megawatt breeder due to come into [use] next year .

Telidon is already in use in several commercial view-data systems in Canada but this is the first big broadcast operation .
telidon is already in use in several commercial view-data systems in canada but this is the first big broadcast [use] .

In the first year of operation 87 per cent of the applications were agreed by the parks without question and a further 12 per cent following modification .
in the first year of [use] 87 per cent of the applications were agreed by the parks without question and a further 12 per cent following modification .

This was typical ‘ normal science ’ — the very necessary filling-in operation which had to follow the categorically original discoveries made a few years earlier by the chief .
this was typical ‘ normal science ’ — the very necessary filling-in [use] which had to follow the categorically original discoveries made a few years earlier by the chief .

Blechner likens the operation of a computer bureau to a laundry .
blechner likens the [use] of a computer bureau to a laundry .

The rotors were intended as auxiliary sources of power , and , as such , to be run only in an envelope of conditions useful for their operation .
the rotors were intended as auxiliary sources of power , and , as such , to be run only in an envelope of conditions useful for their [use] .

The rotor 's operation added consistently more than 15 per cent to the ship 's speed , on all headings before and against the wind .
the rotor 's [use] added consistently more than 15 per cent to the ship 's speed , on all headings before and against the wind .

The testers hope to develop from these best-sellers a near-ideal ‘ village level operation and maintenance ’ pump — which decade followers have long dreamed of .
the testers hope to develop from these best-sellers a near-ideal ‘ village level [use] and maintenance ’ pump — which decade followers have long dreamed of .

Equally important , this redesign would make repair work a one-man operation .
equally important , this redesign would make repair work a one-man [use] .

‘ The principal concern ’ , says the committee 's report , ‘ is radioactivity which , during operation of the submarine 's propulsion system , accumulates in the stainless steel equipment which comprises the vessel 's reactor and steam generator .
‘ the principal concern ’ , says the committee 's report , ‘ is radioactivity which , during [use] of the submarine 's propulsion system , accumulates in the stainless steel equipment which comprises the vessel 's reactor and steam generator .

The full route will then be able to demonstrate O-bahn operation with diesel and trolley buses and over normal roads , busways , tunnels and track which is shared with trams .
the full route will then be able to demonstrate o-bahn [use] with diesel and trolley buses and over normal roads , busways , tunnels and track which is shared with trams .

‘ And it was just like a miracle because no body , none whatsoever , got hurt during the whole operation .
‘ and it was just like a miracle because no body , none whatsoever , got hurt during the whole [use] .

As Ian Jones at the National Institute for Economic and Social Research has pointed out , benefits in the first year of operation are lower than the figures for net effective cost imply .
as ian jones at the national institute for economic and social research has pointed out , benefits in the first year of [use] are lower than the figures for net effective cost imply .

This means that it is necessary to work closely with local authorities , and to do so in selecting a site as well as in the construction of the power station and its subsequent operation .
this means that it is necessary to work closely with local authorities , and to do so in selecting a site as well as in the construction of the power station and its subsequent [use] .

After construction comes operation .
after construction comes [use] .

Two 900MWe simulators are in operation at the training centre at Bugey ; four more will be in service by 1984 , two of them for the 1300MWe units .
two 900mwe simulators are in [use] at the training centre at bugey ; four more will be in service by 1984 , two of them for the 1300mwe units .

Strong central control would have been needed for their successful operation on the scale archaeologists envisage .
strong central control would have been needed for their successful [use] on the scale archaeologists envisage .

Some chinampas are still in operation and experimental models are being built in other parts of Mexico and elsewhere to assess the productivity of this method of agriculture in swamplands today .
some chinampas are still in [use] and experimental models are being built in other parts of mexico and elsewhere to assess the productivity of this method of agriculture in swamplands today .

The next generation of chips , which the company could fit in existing digital sets , will offer selective zoom , still pictures , and multistandard operation .
the next generation of chips , which the company could fit in existing digital sets , will offer selective zoom , still pictures , and multistandard [use] .

Until the creation of the standardised network , only 20 years ago , of worldwide seismic recorders , there were in operation a diverse and uncoordinated variety of instruments , run by a scattering of seismophiles .
until the creation of the standardised network , only 20 years ago , of worldwide seismic recorders , there were in [use] a diverse and uncoordinated variety of instruments , run by a scattering of seismophiles .

Circuits in computers and other control instrumentation can likewise act as unintended receivers , menacing the operation of whole manufacturing plants .
circuits in computers and other control instrumentation can likewise act as unintended receivers , menacing the [use] of whole manufacturing plants .

British plastic — heart operation fails
british plastic — heart [use] fails

Only one person has survived an operation to implant an artificial heart .
only one person has survived an [use] to implant an artificial heart .

The operation at Harefield last week was not an attempt to replace the entire heart .
the [use] at harefield last week was not an attempt to replace the entire heart .

Candidates for transplants normally need careful selection — which was obviously impossible in the emergency that preceded last operation .
candidates for transplants normally need careful selection — which was obviously impossible in the emergency that preceded last [use] .

The surgeons in Utah who carried out the first artificial heart operation are still waiting to see how their patient manages before carrying out any more operations .
the surgeons in utah who carried out the first artificial heart [use] are still waiting to see how their patient manages before carrying out any more operations .

However , the installation and operation of robots and related equipment improves output , albeit not immediately , and this helps to increase jobs .
however , the installation and [use] of robots and related equipment improves output , albeit not immediately , and this helps to increase jobs .

Mitsubishi , the other Japanese company implicated in the ‘ sting ’ operation , faces similar conspiracy charges and as yet has given no indication of wanting to reach a pre-trial agreement .
mitsubishi , the other japanese company implicated in the ‘ sting ’ [use] , faces similar conspiracy charges and as yet has given no indication of wanting to reach a pre-trial agreement .

Whichever technical option the nuclear industry goes for , the resulting operation will involve both ‘ big ’ and ‘ high ’ technology .
whichever technical option the nuclear industry goes for , the resulting [use] will involve both ‘ big ’ and ‘ high ’ technology .

If these are analogous with the vessels proposed for mining manganese nodules , the capital costs of each operation are likely to run toward $ 1000 million .
if these are analogous with the vessels proposed for mining manganese nodules , the capital costs of each [use] are likely to run toward $ 1000 million .

Gasifiers require considerable technical skills for operation and maintenance .
gasifiers require considerable technical skills for [use] and maintenance .

Models imported from Europe tend to aim for higher levels of fuel saving , a wider range of feedstocks and a greater degree of automation in their operation .
models imported from europe tend to aim for higher levels of fuel saving , a wider range of feedstocks and a greater degree of automation in their [use] .

In May 1982 the Watford factory was closed and the operation transferred to Rugby with the inevitable loss of many valuable members of staff .
in may 1982 the watford factory was closed and the [use] transferred to rugby with the inevitable loss of many valuable members of staff .

With its enhanced ability , the computer should speed up the operation of British Robotic Systems 's main product , the Viking vision unit .
with its enhanced ability , the computer should speed up the [use] of british robotic systems 's main product , the viking vision unit .

At one point during his first month after the operation , a valve failed on the artificial heart , forcing the surgical team from the University of Utah Medical Centre in Salt Lake City to undertake a fresh operation to replace it .
at one point during his first month after the [use] , a valve failed on the artificial heart , forcing the surgical team from the university of utah medical centre in salt lake city to undertake a fresh [use] to replace it .

The whole operation sounds too neat to be true — but it seems to be working at least as well as other last-ditch cancer treatments .
the whole [use] sounds too neat to be true — but it seems to be working at least as well as other last-ditch cancer treatments .

For digital operation , where the light is simply switched on and off to generate pulses , linearity is not essential .
for digital [use] , where the light is simply switched on and off to generate pulses , linearity is not essential .

Of all the treatments for obesity , none could be more physiological or less psychological than the operation known as jejeunoileostomy or ileal bypass , in which most of the small intestine is short circuited thus greatly reducing the amount of intestine available for absorbing food .
of all the treatments for obesity , none could be more physiological or less psychological than the [use] known as jejeunoileostomy or ileal bypass , in which most of the small intestine is short circuited thus greatly reducing the amount of intestine available for absorbing food .

Jejeunoileostomy has now been largely replaced by a simpler and safer operation in which the capacity of the stomach is considerably reduced by placing a row of surgical staples across it .
jejeunoileostomy has now been largely replaced by a simpler and safer [use] in which the capacity of the stomach is considerably reduced by placing a row of surgical staples across it .

They report that in general , the psychiatric outcome was good and that the patients who were not happy about the result were those few in whom the operation had not led to the expected weight loss .
they report that in general , the psychiatric outcome was good and that the patients who were not happy about the result were those few in whom the [use] had not led to the expected weight loss .

’ Those patients with a good postoperative result ‘ maintained it for many years , gained occupationally and vocationally , were pleased with the results of the operation , and were willing to recommend it to others ’ .
’ those patients with a good postoperative result ‘ maintained it for many years , gained occupationally and vocationally , were pleased with the results of the [use] , and were willing to recommend it to others ’ .

Availability is less meaningful as a measure of performance since it is not possible to be sure the plant would be available to produce full load unless it is actually in operation , which proves whether or not it is working satisfactorily .
availability is less meaningful as a measure of performance since it is not possible to be sure the plant would be available to produce full load unless it is actually in [use] , which proves whether or not it is working satisfactorily .

Professor Jack Nutting of Leeds University said : ‘ If you announce that a stockpile is being set up , this is the death of the operation .
professor jack nutting of leeds university said : ‘ if you announce that a stockpile is being set up , this is the death of the [use] .

The trial itself centres on charges brought by the regional government against five senior company staff for criminal negligence in the design and operation of the plant .
the trial itself centres on charges brought by the regional government against five senior company staff for criminal negligence in the design and [use] of the plant .

It is an open-pit operation , and therefore its impact on the environment is considerable because it works , as it were , in full public view .
it is an open-pit [use] , and therefore its impact on the environment is considerable because it works , as it were , in full public view .

What is different about the Gwithian plant is that it is part of a reclamation operation .
what is different about the gwithian plant is that it is part of a reclamation [use] .

The next operation is ‘ tramming ’ , or the actual removal of the ore to the surface using wagons .
the next [use] is ‘ tramming ’ , or the actual removal of the ore to the surface using wagons .

The ‘ stope ’ , or place from which the rock is dug , becomes , at the end of the operation , just a cavity in the rockface , at which point it becomes a ‘ gunnis ’ .
the ‘ stope ’ , or place from which the rock is dug , becomes , at the end of the [use] , just a cavity in the rockface , at which point it becomes a ‘ gunnis ’ .

South Crofty has eight levels , the deepest 800 metres below the surface and at any time has 40 stopes in operation .
south crofty has eight levels , the deepest 800 metres below the surface and at any time has 40 stopes in [use] .

This follows the same principles as a tin-streaming operation .
this follows the same principles as a tin-streaming [use] .

Also employing flotation is an unusual operation called Cornish Tin and Engineering .
also employing flotation is an unusual [use] called cornish tin and engineering .

And Richard Parks , an engineer with the Bechtel Corporation , which built the plant and is the prime contractor for the clean-up , claimed that ‘ the operation is disorganised and at times irresponsible .
and richard parks , an engineer with the bechtel corporation , which built the plant and is the prime contractor for the clean-up , claimed that ‘ the [use] is disorganised and at times irresponsible .

The Commission 's verdict threatens to sweep away two undertakings by the industry which underpin the operation office Pesticides Safety Precautions Scheme .
the commission 's verdict threatens to sweep away two undertakings by the industry which underpin the [use] office pesticides safety precautions scheme .

He was a very sick man before the operation , and there was clearly small prospect that he could hope to be anything else , even if the machine worked well .
he was a very sick man before the [use] , and there was clearly small prospect that he could hope to be anything else , even if the machine worked well .

But the department 's bootstrap operation did help create science teaching in Britain .
but the department 's bootstrap [use] did help create science teaching in britain .

The London Cocoa Trade Amazon Project , as my collecting programme had been christened , was to be the first stage in a rescue operation .
the london cocoa trade amazon project , as my collecting programme had been christened , was to be the first stage in a rescue [use] .

With the ends waxed to reduce water loss , and packed in damp newspaper , budwood can just about survive for 10 days , until back at the nursery the buds skill and experience , this operation can be exasperatingly with skill and experience , this operation can be exasperatingly unsuccessful .
with the ends waxed to reduce water loss , and packed in damp newspaper , budwood can just about survive for 10 days , until back at the nursery the buds skill and experience , this [use] can be exasperatingly with skill and experience , this [use] can be exasperatingly unsuccessful .

The principle of operation is identical .
the principle of [use] is identical .

Gulping such a prey animal down head-first is a smooth operation .
gulping such a prey animal down head-first is a smooth [use] .

For the rest something else is needed , and that is where the distraction display comes into operation .
for the rest something else is needed , and that is where the distraction display comes into [use] .

Kenya 's ‘ Harambee ’ , Ghana 's ‘ Operation Feed Yourself ’ , Botswana 's concern over water resources and the concept ‘ One Nigeria ’ are far more than political slogans .
kenya 's ‘ harambee ’ , ghana 's ‘ [use] feed yourself ’ , botswana 's concern over water resources and the concept ‘ one nigeria ’ are far more than political slogans .

The whole operation and the monitoring of it was thus rendered more complicated , yet at the same time the experiment became far richer .
the whole [use] and the monitoring of it was thus rendered more complicated , yet at the same time the experiment became far richer .

Indeed most would argue that both were part of the same operation .
indeed most would argue that both were part of the same [use] .

Perhaps , instead of seeing the whole operation as a put-up job , we ought to accept a changed concept of what a fifty-year-old looks like .
perhaps , instead of seeing the whole [use] as a put-up job , we ought to accept a changed concept of what a fifty-year-old looks like .

However , this policy was accepted on the understanding that it would be flexible in its operation and that the Council would provide alternative sites to disappointed applicants .
however , this policy was accepted on the understanding that it would be flexible in its [use] and that the council would provide alternative sites to disappointed applicants .

‘ Oh , poor thing . What 's wrong ? Had an operation or something ? ’
‘ oh , poor thing . what 's wrong ? had an [use] or something ? ’

It was obvious that a major disaster had occurred and that a massive rescue operation must be started as soon as possible .
it was obvious that a major disaster had occurred and that a massive rescue [use] must be started as soon as possible .

If any man collapsed , his condition would not be allowed to interfere with the operation .
if any man collapsed , his condition would not be allowed to interfere with the [use] .

The massive and complex operation took two months to complete but it was successful far beyond all expectations .
the massive and complex [use] took two months to complete but it was successful far beyond all expectations .

Those leaders have tried to keep their empires isolated from the Darwinian laws of survival , despite the fact that none of the ‘ gods ’ as presented by them has ever been able to set aside the inexorable operation of those laws .
those leaders have tried to keep their empires isolated from the darwinian laws of survival , despite the fact that none of the ‘ gods ’ as presented by them has ever been able to set aside the inexorable [use] of those laws .

If it were possible to unfold the entire long history of the world 's religions in such a manner that it could be scrutinised , assimilated and judged in a single all-embracing operation , the verdict would be that it had strayed so far from the basic human need , and so far from the intentions of those good and sincere people who have throughout that history struggled to maintain its integrity , that it might well be condemned outright as a story of failure unmatched by anything else that has ever happened on earth .
if it were possible to unfold the entire long history of the world 's religions in such a manner that it could be scrutinised , assimilated and judged in a single all-embracing [use] , the verdict would be that it had strayed so far from the basic human need , and so far from the intentions of those good and sincere people who have throughout that history struggled to maintain its integrity , that it might well be condemned outright as a story of failure unmatched by anything else that has ever happened on earth .

To twentieth century man the operation of these laws appears to be based on necessary events of great cruelty .
to twentieth century man the [use] of these laws appears to be based on necessary events of great cruelty .

Humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) , all surplus life must perish and ( b ) , the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .
humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its [use] that ( a ) , all surplus life must perish and ( b ) , the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .

Humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) all surplus life must perish , and ( b ) the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .
humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its [use] that ( a ) all surplus life must perish , and ( b ) the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .

There is often conflict between the unrefined , basic desires of the id , the more reasoned operation of the ego , and the idealism of the super-ego .
there is often conflict between the unrefined , basic desires of the id , the more reasoned [use] of the ego , and the idealism of the super-ego .

The Treaty of Canterbury was signed later the same month and included among its provisions of the establishment of an Intergovernmental Commission to monitor the execution of the concession , and a Safety Authority which advises the Commission on all safety matters relating to the construction and operation of the Tunnel .
the treaty of canterbury was signed later the same month and included among its provisions of the establishment of an intergovernmental commission to monitor the execution of the concession , and a safety authority which advises the commission on all safety matters relating to the construction and [use] of the tunnel .

In March the formal concession was signed Eurotunnel for the construction of two 7.6m diameter running tunnels and a 4.8m diameter service tunnel between Britain and France , and the operation of shuttle train service for the carriage of road vehicles .
in march the formal concession was signed eurotunnel for the construction of two 7.6m diameter running tunnels and a 4.8m diameter service tunnel between britain and france , and the [use] of shuttle train service for the carriage of road vehicles .

In view of the financial vulnerability of the project , the researchers argue that the most efficient solution would be for the governments to re-purchase the franchise once the Tunnel has been built and run the operation at marginal cost .
in view of the financial vulnerability of the project , the researchers argue that the most efficient solution would be for the governments to re-purchase the franchise once the tunnel has been built and run the [use] at marginal cost .

In its November 1987 Offer For Sale Eurotunnel stated that ‘ safety and security considerations have been central to the overall design of the System and the plans for its operation ’ .
in its november 1987 offer for sale eurotunnel stated that ‘ safety and security considerations have been central to the overall design of the system and the plans for its [use] ’ .

In the medium term the Kent Impact Study estimated that , on the basis of firms ' plans in late 1986 the Channel Tunnel would produce losses of 4,500 and 6,500 jobs in the ferry industry to be offset by gains of 3,200 jobs directly related to the operation of the Tunnel at Cheriton and Ashford , and 13,000 to 14,000 new jobs in other industries of which 3,700 were attributed to firms moving into Kent from other parts of the country .
in the medium term the kent impact study estimated that , on the basis of firms ' plans in late 1986 the channel tunnel would produce losses of 4,500 and 6,500 jobs in the ferry industry to be offset by gains of 3,200 jobs directly related to the [use] of the tunnel at cheriton and ashford , and 13,000 to 14,000 new jobs in other industries of which 3,700 were attributed to firms moving into kent from other parts of the country .

the operation of financial markets , the art of negotiation , personal time management .
the [use] of financial markets , the art of negotiation , personal time management .

If the job surveyor is given autonomy in certain areas then the manager must ensure that he has a system of job control which enables him to keep abreast of the progress of the job and be able to compare surveyor and contractor performance in one operation .
if the job surveyor is given autonomy in certain areas then the manager must ensure that he has a system of job control which enables him to keep abreast of the progress of the job and be able to compare surveyor and contractor performance in one [use] .

management accounts which provide data for the efficient and profitable operation of the business .
management accounts which provide data for the efficient and profitable [use] of the business .

In general the more complex the legal structure chosen the more important will be the need to ensure that the design and operation of the financial management systems are sound .
in general the more complex the legal structure chosen the more important will be the need to ensure that the design and [use] of the financial management systems are sound .

The combination of professional codes of conduct and historic precedent has , until recently , created a natural assumption that a partnership structure is the most appropriate vehicle for the operation of a surveying practice .
the combination of professional codes of conduct and historic precedent has , until recently , created a natural assumption that a partnership structure is the most appropriate vehicle for the [use] of a surveying practice .

As the government and many local authorities are striving to make the operation of the system quick , simple for the lay user and an encouragement to development when it is employment-related , so the public is not only taking a greater interest in its immediate environment , historic buildings and countryside and conservation generally , but is increasingly using the planning system to try to achieve its aims .
as the government and many local authorities are striving to make the [use] of the system quick , simple for the lay user and an encouragement to development when it is employment-related , so the public is not only taking a greater interest in its immediate environment , historic buildings and countryside and conservation generally , but is increasingly using the planning system to try to achieve its aims .

Today , cynics would say that a building contract never has the chance of being put away as disputes start from the moment it comes into operation .
today , cynics would say that a building contract never has the chance of being put away as disputes start from the moment it comes into [use] .

Despite this somewhat shilly-shallying attitude , Bukharin was very clear in one respect : ‘ We can see the new course of our economic policies as a mighty strategic operation … intended to last for a number of years . ’ The strategic aim , for Bukharin , was the development of large-scale industry as a springboard to communism :
despite this somewhat shilly-shallying attitude , bukharin was very clear in one respect : ‘ we can see the new course of our economic policies as a mighty strategic [use] … intended to last for a number of years . ’ the strategic aim , for bukharin , was the development of large-scale industry as a springboard to communism :

In this sense he was predicating his examination upon the operation of a self-regulating system for both state and private economy .
in this sense he was predicating his examination upon the [use] of a self-regulating system for both state and private economy .

The relationship of the head , neck and back is an essential factor when this righting mechanism is in operation .
the relationship of the head , neck and back is an essential factor when this righting mechanism is in [use] .

An officer visited the Mill Lane Industrial Estate and found the company still carrying out their cleaning operation .
an officer visited the mill lane industrial estate and found the company still carrying out their cleaning [use] .

Since then they have been on active duty in Aden , Persian Gulf , Malaya , Borneo , Northern Ireland , and Operation Desert Storm in the Gulf .
since then they have been on active duty in aden , persian gulf , malaya , borneo , northern ireland , and [use] desert storm in the gulf .

Non-fundholders wait ten months for some outpatient appointments , fundholders can bring the consultant to the surgery to see the patient within a couple of weeks ; this of course helps to get a quicker place on the operation waiting list .
non-fundholders wait ten months for some outpatient appointments , fundholders can bring the consultant to the surgery to see the patient within a couple of weeks ; this of course helps to get a quicker place on the [use] waiting list .

Moreover , the contract compared with the first operation some three years ago was most significant .
moreover , the contract compared with the first [use] some three years ago was most significant .

As he left the studio after the interview his well-programmed defence mechanism had come into operation , and he had pushed the painful memories into a corner of his brain where his conscious mind could not reach them .
as he left the studio after the interview his well-programmed defence mechanism had come into [use] , and he had pushed the painful memories into a corner of his brain where his conscious mind could not reach them .

Methods of operation of the Awe barrage since passing into private ownership have again been causing controversy this winter .
methods of [use] of the awe barrage since passing into private ownership have again been causing controversy this winter .

Carrying two fully laden sea boats across ½ km of sand dunes was no mean feat ; it was a major operation !
carrying two fully laden sea boats across ½ km of sand dunes was no mean feat ; it was a major [use] !

We are still woefully ignorant about the operation in the landscape of the whole range of natural energies that are known to exist .
we are still woefully ignorant about the [use] in the landscape of the whole range of natural energies that are known to exist .

In the initial phase of the project this proved impossible , in terms of equipment and volunteers , but was remedied to some extent later by Operation Merlin , whereby intensive efforts provided round-the-clock monitoring for periods of a month at a time .
in the initial phase of the project this proved impossible , in terms of equipment and volunteers , but was remedied to some extent later by [use] merlin , whereby intensive efforts provided round-the-clock monitoring for periods of a month at a time .

Tony Wedd invented the word ‘ allotechnology ’ for this form of technology , as it is different in kind and basic principles of operation from that which is presently dominant in our society .
tony wedd invented the word ‘ allotechnology ’ for this form of technology , as it is different in kind and basic principles of [use] from that which is presently dominant in our society .

The Dragon Project Trust is currently undertaking ‘ operation Interface ’ on dreamwork at specific sites which are known to have , for example , magnetic or radiation anomalies .
the dragon project trust is currently undertaking ‘ [use] interface ’ on dreamwork at specific sites which are known to have , for example , magnetic or radiation anomalies .

For Remington , a tunnelling operation is like a factory production line : the aim is to maximise the amount of tunnel dug during each shift by reducing the job cycle time .
for remington , a tunnelling [use] is like a factory production line : the aim is to maximise the amount of tunnel dug during each shift by reducing the job cycle time .

One night , miners hit a 60-metre lens of water beneath London 's Pimlico , an unlucky strike which added eight months to the operation .
one night , miners hit a 60-metre lens of water beneath london 's pimlico , an unlucky strike which added eight months to the [use] .

There is no code of conduct and no standardised method of operation , ’ its managing director complains .
there is no code of conduct and no standardised method of [use] , ’ its managing director complains .

Nobel Industries , the Swedish chemical and defence group , is to divest a number of non-chemical business activities as part of its recently-announced restructuring operation .
nobel industries , the swedish chemical and defence group , is to divest a number of non-chemical business activities as part of its recently-announced restructuring [use] .

The business , which has a turnover of SKr2600m ( £1=SKr10.42 ) in 1991 , is Nobel 's third largest chemical operation after Casco Nobel , the adhesive and paint business ( with a turnover of SKr9500m ) , and Eka Nobel , the pulp [ and paper chemical business ( with a turnover of SKr4000m ) .
the business , which has a turnover of skr2600m ( £1=skr10.42 ) in 1991 , is nobel 's third largest chemical [use] after casco nobel , the adhesive and paint business ( with a turnover of skr9500m ) , and eka nobel , the pulp [ and paper chemical business ( with a turnover of skr4000m ) .

This approach tends to produce either a weakened bone or subjects the patient to a second operation .
this approach tends to produce either a weakened bone or subjects the patient to a second [use] .

As a result , bone at the cement body interface can die and in the longer term can result in loosening of the artificial hip and the need for a second operation .
as a result , bone at the cement body interface can die and in the longer term can result in loosening of the artificial hip and the need for a second [use] .

Indeed the strength of the bond makes it difficult to remove the so called cementless hips if a second operation is needed .
indeed the strength of the bond makes it difficult to remove the so called cementless hips if a second [use] is needed .

One might reasonably ask why the Library Association , the body responsible for all professional matters concerned with the operation of libraries , including attempts to impose acts of censorship in libraries , did not itself initiate legal action against the News International ban . In fact under the terms of the Public Libraries and Museums Act 1964 , it was the duty of the Minister for the Arts to act :
one might reasonably ask why the library association , the body responsible for all professional matters concerned with the [use] of libraries , including attempts to impose acts of censorship in libraries , did not itself initiate legal action against the news international ban . in fact under the terms of the public libraries and museums act 1964 , it was the duty of the minister for the arts to act :

Even while taking a catnap the animal 's ears are in operation .
even while taking a catnap the animal 's ears are in [use] .

In addition to destroying the animal 's ability to groom , climb , defend itself against rivals and protect itself from enemies , the operation of de-clawing also eliminates the cat 's ability to hunt .
in addition to destroying the animal 's ability to groom , climb , defend itself against rivals and protect itself from enemies , the [use] of de-clawing also eliminates the cat 's ability to hunt .

In short , a de-clawed cat is a crippled , mutilated cat and no excuse can justify the operation .
in short , a de-clawed cat is a crippled , mutilated cat and no excuse can justify the [use] .

The operation , although nearly always refused by vets in Britain , has become so common in certain countries that it even has an official name .
the [use] , although nearly always refused by vets in britain , has become so common in certain countries that it even has an official name .

It has been argued by some cat experts that any vet performing this convenience operation should be prosecuted for cruelty to animals , but this is unfair to them .
it has been argued by some cat experts that any vet performing this convenience [use] should be prosecuted for cruelty to animals , but this is unfair to them .

They may well be faced with owners who demand that the operation be done , with the only alternative that their pet cat be destroyed .
they may well be faced with owners who demand that the [use] be done , with the only alternative that their pet cat be destroyed .

The reason for the popularity of the de-clawing operation in recent years has been the concern of ( usually wealthy ) owners for their soft furnishings .
the reason for the popularity of the de-clawing [use] in recent years has been the concern of ( usually wealthy ) owners for their soft furnishings .

Why are we so ready to treat as a minor operation an alteration which involves a major transformation in the cat 's lifestyle and personality ?
why are we so ready to treat as a minor [use] an alteration which involves a major transformation in the cat 's lifestyle and personality ?

In order to persuade us to carry our cats off to the nearest surgery for ‘ altering ’ , the many benefits of the operation are extolled at length .
in order to persuade us to carry our cats off to the nearest surgery for ‘ altering ’ , the many benefits of the [use] are extolled at length .

Early insecticides were crude , wide-spectrum contact killers , whereas modern ones are more often systemic in operation , that is , they make the crop temporarily poisonous to the pest and are increasingly specific .
early insecticides were crude , wide-spectrum contact killers , whereas modern ones are more often systemic in [use] , that is , they make the crop temporarily poisonous to the pest and are increasingly specific .

Bomber Command itself was situated at High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire and from there the orders were sent out every day to each Group Headquarters , indicating which target had been selected for that night 's operation , and the Groups then sent on the information to the Commanding Officers at each of the air fields , or ‘ out-stations ’ .
bomber command itself was situated at high wycombe in buckinghamshire and from there the orders were sent out every day to each group headquarters , indicating which target had been selected for that night 's [use] , and the groups then sent on the information to the commanding officers at each of the air fields , or ‘ out-stations ’ .

Around the middle of August , we became aware that one very special operation was about to take place .
around the middle of august , we became aware that one very special [use] was about to take place .

Sometimes if there was a certain amount of urgency due to bad weather , or perhaps a very important operation , the observations were collected over the telephone link-up , with the Met Officer in charge listening in .
sometimes if there was a certain amount of urgency due to bad weather , or perhaps a very important [use] , the observations were collected over the telephone link-up , with the met officer in charge listening in .

Two or three months prior to the Dams Raid , when the new squadron was being formed in the spring of 1943 , ground crew personnel from all over Bomber Command were selected and sent to Scampton , the best men at their respective jobs , for what they only knew at that time was going to be one special operation .
two or three months prior to the dams raid , when the new squadron was being formed in the spring of 1943 , ground crew personnel from all over bomber command were selected and sent to scampton , the best men at their respective jobs , for what they only knew at that time was going to be one special [use] .

The operation of the economy and its individual markets , the history of the economy , the development of its regions , its external trading links , and the operation of the public sector are all areas of second and final-year study .
the [use] of the economy and its individual markets , the history of the economy , the development of its regions , its external trading links , and the [use] of the public sector are all areas of second and final-year study .

The degree aims to provide students with a sound knowledge of the basic principles , concepts and techniques of business management , with specific reference to their application in the banking and financial services industry ; an understanding of the structure and operation of the industry in a European context ; and the critical , analytical , communications and inter-personal skills needed for a successful career in this rapidly developing field .
the degree aims to provide students with a sound knowledge of the basic principles , concepts and techniques of business management , with specific reference to their application in the banking and financial services industry ; an understanding of the structure and [use] of the industry in a european context ; and the critical , analytical , communications and inter-personal skills needed for a successful career in this rapidly developing field .

She had much enjoyed her work as classroom assistant in a school for handicapped children , but after an operation and slow recovery to full health , she was persuaded by her family not to return to work .
she had much enjoyed her work as classroom assistant in a school for handicapped children , but after an [use] and slow recovery to full health , she was persuaded by her family not to return to work .

Birmingham has a scheme called Passport to Leisure , which is also in operation or being planned in other areas , including Norwich and Gloucester .
birmingham has a scheme called passport to leisure , which is also in [use] or being planned in other areas , including norwich and gloucester .

Others say they were unable to comply with the surgeons instructions that they undertake no lifting or pulling for a period of time after the operation .
others say they were unable to comply with the surgeons instructions that they undertake no lifting or pulling for a period of time after the [use] .

Another kind of support are the various care attendant schemes coming into operation .
another kind of support are the various care attendant schemes coming into [use] .

The first Crossroads Care Attendant Scheme , paying trained helpers to go into the home , started in Rugby , and there are now about sixty schemes in operation throughout the country , with more to come .
the first crossroads care attendant scheme , paying trained helpers to go into the home , started in rugby , and there are now about sixty schemes in [use] throughout the country , with more to come .

institutions responsible for terminal operation , for example libraries or information centres within academic institutions
institutions responsible for terminal [use] , for example libraries or information centres within academic institutions

It can be seen that these two main goals overlap to a considerable extent , but that emphasis for the end-user lies within a subject area and is therefore closely dependent on subject knowledge , whereas emphasis for the intermediary lies on breadth of knowledge — on the coverage and organization of many databases and the operation of a number of processing systems .
it can be seen that these two main goals overlap to a considerable extent , but that emphasis for the end-user lies within a subject area and is therefore closely dependent on subject knowledge , whereas emphasis for the intermediary lies on breadth of knowledge — on the coverage and organization of many databases and the [use] of a number of processing systems .

To cooperate may be defined as to work together or to operate jointly-These terms are therefore not dissimilar , yet co-ordination may be seen to be of a higher level and a more difficult operation than co-operation .
to cooperate may be defined as to work together or to operate jointly-these terms are therefore not dissimilar , yet co-ordination may be seen to be of a higher level and a more difficult [use] than co-operation .

The fact that it has well-defined aims and a specific medium of operation also augurs well for its successful continuation .
the fact that it has well-defined aims and a specific medium of [use] also augurs well for its successful continuation .

The self-instructional media give the students an element of choice , and this is also implicit where there is a variety of orientational techniques or media in operation .
the self-instructional media give the students an element of choice , and this is also implicit where there is a variety of orientational techniques or media in [use] .

How might criminal statistics ( including both the extent of crime recorded and the character or type of crime ) be influenced by the operation of the police rather than the amount of actual criminal behaviour ?
how might criminal statistics ( including both the extent of crime recorded and the character or type of crime ) be influenced by the [use] of the police rather than the amount of actual criminal behaviour ?

oil refineries , steel works , while international banks found themselves engaged in a massive petro-dollar recycling operation between surplus and deficit countries .
oil refineries , steel works , while international banks found themselves engaged in a massive petro-dollar recycling [use] between surplus and deficit countries .

With these funds at their disposal , various governments , central banks or monetary authorities actively supported Arab bank involvement in the recycling operation rather than leaving it entirely to non-Arab banks .
with these funds at their disposal , various governments , central banks or monetary authorities actively supported arab bank involvement in the recycling [use] rather than leaving it entirely to non-arab banks .

If during a six month funding operation , seven day money suddenly becomes more expensive due to higher money market interest rates , then a loss might be incurred .
if during a six month funding [use] , seven day money suddenly becomes more expensive due to higher money market interest rates , then a loss might be incurred .

‘ As both of you know , ’ he said , glancing from Carew to Major Calder , ‘ the Chief Commissioner is about to undergo an operation .
‘ as both of you know , ’ he said , glancing from carew to major calder , ‘ the chief commissioner is about to undergo an [use] .

The departments undertake general scanning for the organisation and help the operation of the overall planning process .
the departments undertake general scanning for the organisation and help the [use] of the overall planning process .

Dundonnell Stores had not been in operation long .
dundonnell stores had not been in [use] long .

Would ‘ Operation White Knight ’ be a success ?
would ‘ [use] white knight ’ be a success ?

Teenagers ( and children ) should always be told about future events involving them moving house , or father going into hospital for an operation so that they have time to adjust to the idea .
teenagers ( and children ) should always be told about future events involving them moving house , or father going into hospital for an [use] so that they have time to adjust to the idea .

This varied between authorities according to the complex needs and resources formulae then in operation .
this varied between authorities according to the complex needs and resources formulae then in [use] .

Equally , not all authorities have managed to coordinate the totality of their activities relevant to the operation of industrial improvement .
equally , not all authorities have managed to coordinate the totality of their activities relevant to the [use] of industrial improvement .

But , despite positive evaluations of the Urban Programme and particularly its operation within the Partnerships , it is evident that the whole strategy is open to criticism .
but , despite positive evaluations of the urban programme and particularly its [use] within the partnerships , it is evident that the whole strategy is open to criticism .

The idea of garden festivals was imported from Europe , particularly West Germany , where the concept had been in operation since 1945 .
the idea of garden festivals was imported from europe , particularly west germany , where the concept had been in [use] since 1945 .

In the first of the Planning Policy Guidance documents published in January 1988 the government stated that the planning system ‘ should be efficient , effective and simple in conception and operation to facilitate much needed development and to strike the right balance between that development and the interests of conservation .
in the first of the planning policy guidance documents published in january 1988 the government stated that the planning system ‘ should be efficient , effective and simple in conception and [use] to facilitate much needed development and to strike the right balance between that development and the interests of conservation .

This stripped the county councils of much of their participation in the detailed operation of Green Belt development control .
this stripped the county councils of much of their participation in the detailed [use] of green belt development control .

Brown and Harris ( 1978 ) argue that the factors which lead to depression in women are of two types : some actually provoke the onset of depression ( provoking agents ) while others make women more vulnerable to the operation of provoking agents ( vulnerability factors ) .
brown and harris ( 1978 ) argue that the factors which lead to depression in women are of two types : some actually provoke the onset of depression ( provoking agents ) while others make women more vulnerable to the [use] of provoking agents ( vulnerability factors ) .

It is always worth having a look at the roughs plotted over time , and thinking hard about what has been discarded in the smoothing operation .
it is always worth having a look at the roughs plotted over time , and thinking hard about what has been discarded in the smoothing [use] .

Transforming the original numbers by taking logs ( or by one of the other transformations considered below ) is an essentially trivial operation : the order of the numbers is preserved , and they can easily be recast in their original form by taking antilogs .
transforming the original numbers by taking logs ( or by one of the other transformations considered below ) is an essentially trivial [use] : the order of the numbers is preserved , and they can easily be recast in their original form by taking antilogs .

At the other extreme , they may decide they must contrive an artificial research setting in order to exclude the operation of unwanted variables .
at the other extreme , they may decide they must contrive an artificial research setting in order to exclude the [use] of unwanted variables .

The process of drawing inferences from non-experimental data is usually one of slowly elaborating a relationship between two variables , testing that it contains no spurious component due to the operation of a prior variable , and testing to see if one can pin down whether the cause influences the effect directly or through an intervening variable .
the process of drawing inferences from non-experimental data is usually one of slowly elaborating a relationship between two variables , testing that it contains no spurious component due to the [use] of a prior variable , and testing to see if one can pin down whether the cause influences the effect directly or through an intervening variable .

While it is important to know that your sample size is big enough for safe conclusions to be drawn ( that effects are ‘ statistically significant ’ ) , this is secondary in comparison with the issue of whether a relationship can be given a causal interpretation or is merely the spurious result of the operation of third factors ; the relationship between the number of fire engines and the amount of damage caused could be derived from a sample size of ten thousand and still utterly mislead if taken at face value .
while it is important to know that your sample size is big enough for safe conclusions to be drawn ( that effects are ‘ statistically significant ’ ) , this is secondary in comparison with the issue of whether a relationship can be given a causal interpretation or is merely the spurious result of the [use] of third factors ; the relationship between the number of fire engines and the amount of damage caused could be derived from a sample size of ten thousand and still utterly mislead if taken at face value .

The operation of these two age effects is not , however , strong enough to actually reverse the sign of the relationship between income and law-breaking .
the [use] of these two age effects is not , however , strong enough to actually reverse the sign of the relationship between income and law-breaking .

Their accuracy still depends upon the correctness of our assumptions about causal order and the operation of other variables ; if we had either specified the causal order incorrectly , or failed to control for other important variables , the coefficients would be meaningless .
their accuracy still depends upon the correctness of our assumptions about causal order and the [use] of other variables ; if we had either specified the causal order incorrectly , or failed to control for other important variables , the coefficients would be meaningless .

First , Michael had an operation to stabilise his spine .
first , michael had an [use] to stabilise his spine .

On the morning of the operation day , the surgeon told me he thought Michael had only a few months to live .
on the morning of the [use] day , the surgeon told me he thought michael had only a few months to live .

Everyone who has watched a loved one go through the experience of a major and dangerous operation will understand what the next few weeks were like .
everyone who has watched a loved one go through the experience of a major and dangerous [use] will understand what the next few weeks were like .

About six weeks after the operation , Michael began to feel more like himself .
about six weeks after the [use] , michael began to feel more like himself .

For two weeks after the spine operation , Michael was again on a bed that could be turned , so that his spine was completely immobilised , and he spent four hours on his back and two on his front .
for two weeks after the spine [use] , michael was again on a bed that could be turned , so that his spine was completely immobilised , and he spent four hours on his back and two on his front .

Currently , a new programme is in operation to develop arable cultivation , but incorporating soil and water conservation measures which include the planting of wind-breaks and forests as well as contour farming to minimise erosion .
currently , a new programme is in [use] to develop arable cultivation , but incorporating soil and water conservation measures which include the planting of wind-breaks and forests as well as contour farming to minimise erosion .

As Myers mentions , there are already some programmes in operation which suggest that the national resource base can be manipulated to accommodate the growing needs of the population without serious impairment of soil fertility .
as myers mentions , there are already some programmes in [use] which suggest that the national resource base can be manipulated to accommodate the growing needs of the population without serious impairment of soil fertility .

Cullen suggests that peak fees , which are currently paid for the right to climb specific peaks , could include a refundable charge for environmental protection and that this should be sufficient to cover the costs of a clean-up operation if the expedition party fails to comply .
cullen suggests that peak fees , which are currently paid for the right to climb specific peaks , could include a refundable charge for environmental protection and that this should be sufficient to cover the costs of a clean-up [use] if the expedition party fails to comply .

Temporal and spatial scales of operation
temporal and spatial scales of [use]

Then we see that all our works are an evolution and operation of nature and our real self not the executive doer , but the free witness and Lord and unattached enjoyer of the action .
then we see that all our works are an evolution and [use] of nature and our real self not the executive doer , but the free witness and lord and unattached enjoyer of the action .

The surgeon instructed a patient not to bend her back after an operation .
the surgeon instructed a patient not to bend her back after an [use] .

Each operation is assigned to a single worker , who receives a bundle of unfinished garment parts and undertakes her single operation on each item in the bundle .
each [use] is assigned to a single worker , who receives a bundle of unfinished garment parts and undertakes her single [use] on each item in the bundle .

To foster productivity ( physical output per worker ) and constrain supervisory costs , wages are paid on a piece-rate basis , providing incentives for rapid completion of the operation .
to foster productivity ( physical output per worker ) and constrain supervisory costs , wages are paid on a piece-rate basis , providing incentives for rapid completion of the [use] .

She performs a single operation on each garment in the bundle .
she performs a single [use] on each garment in the bundle .

Time-study engineers calculate the SAM for an entire garment for an experienced worker as the sum of the number of minutes required for each operation in the production process , including allowances for worker fatigue , rest periods , personal time , and so on .
time-study engineers calculate the sam for an entire garment for an experienced worker as the sum of the number of minutes required for each [use] in the production process , including allowances for worker fatigue , rest periods , personal time , and so on .

Laying out a production line required exact calculation of the number of workers required for a given step to keep single garments moving through the operation continuously—much as a car moves down an assembly line .
laying out a production line required exact calculation of the number of workers required for a given step to keep single garments moving through the [use] continuously—much as a car moves down an assembly line .

In fact , Lowell and his associates established the first incorporated manufacturing operation when they set up an integrated mill , from cotton to finished fabric.33 The cloth produced in weaving mills requires further finishing—such as bleaching , shrinking , dyeing , and printing—before it is ready for sale to the apparel industry , to retail distributors , or to industrial consumers .
in fact , lowell and his associates established the first incorporated manufacturing [use] when they set up an integrated mill , from cotton to finished fabric.33 the cloth produced in weaving mills requires further finishing—such as bleaching , shrinking , dyeing , and printing—before it is ready for sale to the apparel industry , to retail distributors , or to industrial consumers .

This feature is sometimes combined with the joining operation , as in the “ felled seaming ” on the inseam of jeans or the sleeve seam in men ’ s dress shirts .
this feature is sometimes combined with the joining [use] , as in the “ felled seaming ” on the inseam of jeans or the sleeve seam in men ’ s dress shirts .

In the felled seams of shirts and jeans , for example , the visible stitches might be of a color designed to decorate the garment.3 No matter which stitch pattern is being used or which seaming operation carried out , the sewing machine operator must guide one or more pieces of cloth together through the machine .
in the felled seams of shirts and jeans , for example , the visible stitches might be of a color designed to decorate the garment.3 no matter which stitch pattern is being used or which seaming [use] carried out , the sewing machine operator must guide one or more pieces of cloth together through the machine .

Today ’ s factory sewing machine is generally dedicated to a single operation and most likely will be fitted with specialized fixtures in the area of the stitch plate—to help guide the seaming a fixed distance from the fabric edge , for example , or fold the edge of the cloth under , or with other attachments that feed elastic tape and so on into the seaming operation as needed .
today ’ s factory sewing machine is generally dedicated to a single [use] and most likely will be fitted with specialized fixtures in the area of the stitch plate—to help guide the seaming a fixed distance from the fabric edge , for example , or fold the edge of the cloth under , or with other attachments that feed elastic tape and so on into the seaming [use] as needed .

The time required for a new worker to achieve production standards , while maintaining quality , can range from days for the simplest operation to nearly a year for joining the sleeve to the body of a suit coat .
the time required for a new worker to achieve production standards , while maintaining quality , can range from days for the simplest [use] to nearly a year for joining the sleeve to the body of a suit coat .

With different skill levels required for different operations , it is not surprising that piece rates vary with the difficulty of the operation .
with different skill levels required for different operations , it is not surprising that piece rates vary with the difficulty of the [use] .

Since the bobbin is reached by sliding back the stitch plate , if a bobbin runs out in the middle of an operation , it might be necessary to rip the seam out from the beginning and start over .
since the bobbin is reached by sliding back the stitch plate , if a bobbin runs out in the middle of an [use] , it might be necessary to rip the seam out from the beginning and start over .

Knit fleece goods are commonly joined by a seaming operation called over-edging in the factory ( and overlocking sewing in home use ) .
knit fleece goods are commonly joined by a seaming [use] called over-edging in the factory ( and overlocking sewing in home use ) .

Although none of these operations actually involves sewing , they do take time to complete and are taken into account when determining the piece rate and normal workload for an operation .
although none of these operations actually involves sewing , they do take time to complete and are taken into account when determining the piece rate and normal workload for an [use] .

If a new sewing table or a new sewing machine with programmable features is added at a particular workstation—that is , any device that reduces the time it takes to complete various tasks—then the allowable time and wage rate for that operation must be changed .
if a new sewing table or a new sewing machine with programmable features is added at a particular workstation—that is , any device that reduces the time it takes to complete various tasks—then the allowable time and wage rate for that [use] must be changed .

Apparel parts , trim pieces , buttons , zippers , and thread arrive at one end of the room and are separated for each operation , or subassembly .
apparel parts , trim pieces , buttons , zippers , and thread arrive at one end of the room and are separated for each [use] , or subassembly .

Sewing rooms are generally arranged in rows of workers , each seated at a machine doing one operation on a bundle of parts .
sewing rooms are generally arranged in rows of workers , each seated at a machine doing one [use] on a bundle of parts .

Although new work practices are evolving in the apparel industry , many workers still specialize in one operation or at most two .
although new work practices are evolving in the apparel industry , many workers still specialize in one [use] or at most two .

The time it takes for a given item of apparel to pass through a plant is determined by the average hours of work-in-process before each operation and the total number of operations along the critical path .
the time it takes for a given item of apparel to pass through a plant is determined by the average hours of work-in-process before each [use] and the total number of operations along the critical path .

Hemming the top of a shirt pocket is a short operation , for example , but it takes longer to attach the pocket and longer still if stripes must be matched .
hemming the top of a shirt pocket is a short [use] , for example , but it takes longer to attach the pocket and longer still if stripes must be matched .

If there is one operator for the short operation , then there will have to be several operators for the longer one just to keep the production line in balance .
if there is one operator for the short [use] , then there will have to be several operators for the longer one just to keep the production line in balance .

There is a finite mechanical buffer area before each operator ; when the buffer fills , the next unit is automatically sent to another operator who does the same operation .
there is a finite mechanical buffer area before each operator ; when the buffer fills , the next unit is automatically sent to another operator who does the same [use] .

In that case , groups of sewing operators are trained in more than one assembly operation .
in that case , groups of sewing operators are trained in more than one assembly [use] .

In such a “ hand-cutting ” operation , the operator guides the knife along the outlines on the paper marker fixed to the fabric lay .
in such a “ hand-cutting ” [use] , the operator guides the knife along the outlines on the paper marker fixed to the fabric lay .

The centering operation is important because the diameter of a knit tube varies slightly along its length , and it is necessary to reference cutting from the midline of the tube .
the centering [use] is important because the diameter of a knit tube varies slightly along its length , and it is necessary to reference cutting from the midline of the tube .

The main tag generally has subtags or tickets that the sewing machine operator collects to indicate that a sewing operation has been completed .
the main tag generally has subtags or tickets that the sewing machine operator collects to indicate that a sewing [use] has been completed .

Finally , the central role played by retailers in development and operation of the channel points to the fact that any measure—whether taken by the government , through voluntary compliance programs or via collective bargaining—must include their participation and support .
finally , the central role played by retailers in development and [use] of the channel points to the fact that any measure—whether taken by the government , through voluntary compliance programs or via collective bargaining—must include their participation and support .

The end must direct the operation .
the end must direct the [use] .

The paintings usually depict an event survived or celebrated , an illness , an operation , imprisonment , or having received a passport to the United States , or they may depict a person praying to the saint .
the paintings usually depict an event survived or celebrated , an illness , an [use] , imprisonment , or having received a passport to the united states , or they may depict a person praying to the saint .

The amendments needed only the backdrop of the three branches of government then in operation .
the amendments needed only the backdrop of the three branches of government then in [use] .

Whichever way , after the operation , the lisp expression that was operated on typically is transformed into a new lisp expression .
whichever way , after the [use] , the lisp expression that was operated on typically is transformed into a new lisp expression .

The branch point object and/or operation that is simultaneously on the way to the house and the house with the chimney is an interesting intermediate-complexity object or operation because it is polyfunctional .
the branch point object and/or [use] that is simultaneously on the way to the house and the house with the chimney is an interesting intermediate-complexity object or [use] because it is polyfunctional .

In a similar way , the “ back ” object needs “ padding ” and “ wood ” objects , and either the complementary pair “ nail and hammer ” objects or their substitutes , “ screw and screwdriver ” objects , to carry out an “ attachment ” operation .
in a similar way , the “ back ” object needs “ padding ” and “ wood ” objects , and either the complementary pair “ nail and hammer ” objects or their substitutes , “ screw and screwdriver ” objects , to carry out an “ attachment ” [use] .

Such slow operation is said to be reversible .
such slow [use] is said to be reversible .

Although many passenger lines have gone out of use as the railroad declined in importance , one line in particular has been kept in operation , primarily because it travels through some of the most beautiful countryside in Britain .
although many passenger lines have gone out of use as the railroad declined in importance , one line in particular has been kept in [use] , primarily because it travels through some of the most beautiful countryside in britain .

The Mafia bosses who financed the operation were displeased with its performance ; Siegel was murdered in the summer of 1947 .
the mafia bosses who financed the [use] were displeased with its performance ; siegel was murdered in the summer of 1947 .

The plant , which has been in operation since 1749 , produces 42,000 liters ( 74,000 pints ) of rum every day in 150-year-old stills .
the plant , which has been in [use] since 1749 , produces 42,000 liters ( 74,000 pints ) of rum every day in 150-year-old stills .

Other nearby attractions include the quarrying operation itself and the port called La Canal , from where salt is exported .
other nearby attractions include the quarrying [use] itself and the port called la canal , from where salt is exported .

Continue east to the village of Nostra Senyora del Pilar and on to Far de la Mola , an old lighthouse built in 1861 , still in operation .
continue east to the village of nostra senyora del pilar and on to far de la mola , an old lighthouse built in 1861 , still in [use] .

Emperor Divers is a long-established operation with offices at Hurghada , Na ’ am Bay , and Nuweiba .
emperor divers is a long-established [use] with offices at hurghada , na ’ am bay , and nuweiba .

British engineers also set a port in operation at Pointe-à-Pitre , thus establishing the importance of this advantageously located town .
british engineers also set a port in [use] at pointe-à-pitre , thus establishing the importance of this advantageously located town .

The most popular one is Big Bear , which has numerous ski lifts and a large snow-making operation .
the most popular one is big bear , which has numerous ski lifts and a large snow-making [use] .

A museum , in the Place Alfred-Thomas , details the combined Anglo-French operation to capture this stretch of Sword Beach , with uniforms and weapons used during the action , including a pocket submarine and Goliath tank .
a museum , in the place alfred-thomas , details the combined anglo-french [use] to capture this stretch of sword beach , with uniforms and weapons used during the action , including a pocket submarine and goliath tank .

The Mines Wonderland has been built on what was the world ’ s largest open-cast mining operation .
the mines wonderland has been built on what was the world ’ s largest open-cast mining [use] .

Under “ Operation Bootstrap , ” which attracted hundreds of new factories to Puerto Rico through tax and other incentives , the per-capita income soared to the highest in Latin America .
under “ [use] bootstrap , ” which attracted hundreds of new factories to puerto rico through tax and other incentives , the per-capita income soared to the highest in latin america .

On the tower ’ s inauguration , the lifts were not yet in operation and Prime Minister Tirard , aged 62 , stopped at the first platform , 57 m ( 187 ft ) up , letting his younger Minister of Commerce continue to the top to present Gustave Eiffel with the Legion of Honor medal .
on the tower ’ s inauguration , the lifts were not yet in [use] and prime minister tirard , aged 62 , stopped at the first platform , 57 m ( 187 ft ) up , letting his younger minister of commerce continue to the top to present gustave eiffel with the legion of honor medal .

In September 1944 , Operation Market Garden , made famous in the film A Bridge Too Far , saw thousands of allied paratroops dropping into the Netherlands to try and take key bridges on rivers leading to Germany .
in september 1944 , [use] market garden , made famous in the film a bridge too far , saw thousands of allied paratroops dropping into the netherlands to try and take key bridges on rivers leading to germany .

The people welcomed them and rose up to help them but the operation failed and the Germans punished the Dutch people during the winter of 1944–1945 .
the people welcomed them and rose up to help them but the [use] failed and the germans punished the dutch people during the winter of 1944–1945 .

It was one of the earliest and largest henequen plants in operation and the old factory engines can still be seen , along with stock rooms and tool stores surrounded by present-day crops growing in the fields .
it was one of the earliest and largest henequen plants in [use] and the old factory engines can still be seen , along with stock rooms and tool stores surrounded by present-day crops growing in the fields .

Thousands of laborers worked to pull the block to this site from the quarry 48 km ( 30 miles ) away ; ingeniously , the operation was scheduled for deepest winter so that the load could be slid along specially iced roads .
thousands of laborers worked to pull the block to this site from the quarry 48 km ( 30 miles ) away ; ingeniously , the [use] was scheduled for deepest winter so that the load could be slid along specially iced roads .

One particularly outstanding operation is Rancho Palma Real , which offers a long four- to six-hour ride into the fertile valley that extends from the foothills of the Sierra Madre , along a river and up to an absolutely beautiful waterfall .
one particularly outstanding [use] is rancho palma real , which offers a long four- to six-hour ride into the fertile valley that extends from the foothills of the sierra madre , along a river and up to an absolutely beautiful waterfall .

A smaller and equally non-violent American operation against the town in January 1778 lasted less than three days .
a smaller and equally non-violent american [use] against the town in january 1778 lasted less than three days .

Neville Chamberlain , future British Prime Minister , took over his family ’ s sisal operation on Andros in the 1890s .
neville chamberlain , future british prime minister , took over his family ’ s sisal [use] on andros in the 1890s .

An extensive clean-up operation was carried out on the beaches , and a landscaped avenue established on the seafront leading to the Olympic port about a mile up the coast .
an extensive clean-up [use] was carried out on the beaches , and a landscaped avenue established on the seafront leading to the olympic port about a mile up the coast .

In 1999 , nearly 30 golf clubs were in operation between Málaga and Sotogrande .
in 1999 , nearly 30 golf clubs were in [use] between málaga and sotogrande .

Second , it will allow the agencies to share some staff and services to achieve efficiencies of operation .
second , it will allow the agencies to share some staff and services to achieve efficiencies of [use] .

Henry M. Greenberg , a partner in the Albany , N.Y. , firm Couch White who previously served 14 years in state government , was made chair of a standing state bar committee assigned to work with the Bar Foundation to put the plan into operation .
henry m. greenberg , a partner in the albany , n.y. , firm couch white who previously served 14 years in state government , was made chair of a standing state bar committee assigned to work with the bar foundation to put the plan into [use] .

Dorsey was also a driving force behind Legal Aid 's downtown Baltimore headquarters , the first in the U.S. specifically designed and built to house a legal services operation .
dorsey was also a driving force behind legal aid 's downtown baltimore headquarters , the first in the u.s. specifically designed and built to house a legal services [use] .

After a two-month pilot program , the hotline is now in full operation .
after a two-month pilot program , the hotline is now in full [use] .

The nonprofit operation pays the debts of attorneys and health care professionals who work with the poor .
the nonprofit [use] pays the debts of attorneys and health care professionals who work with the poor .

A recent study of the kiosks ' first 18 months of operation concluded it is too soon to tell if the system will relieve pressure on court calendars .
a recent study of the kiosks ' first 18 months of [use] concluded it is too soon to tell if the system will relieve pressure on court calendars .

Charles Ares , a member of the board of directors in the 1950s , said the office was kind of a charity operation .
charles ares , a member of the board of directors in the 1950s , said the office was kind of a charity [use] .

Challenges encountered and resolved are part of the day-to-day operation and are generally routine in nature .
challenges encountered and resolved are part of the day-to-day [use] and are generally routine in nature .

Section 3 of the Small Business Act defines a `` small business concern '' as a business which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field of operation .
section 3 of the small business act defines a `` small business concern '' as a business which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field of [use] .

Each year , NASIRE presents Recognition Awards for Outstanding Achievement in the Field of Information Technology to those programs and systems that have created cost-effective , innovative solutions in the operation of state government .
each year , nasire presents recognition awards for outstanding achievement in the field of information technology to those programs and systems that have created cost-effective , innovative solutions in the [use] of state government .

In a few cases , we toured the organizations ' facilities and observed practices in operation .
in a few cases , we toured the organizations ' facilities and observed practices in [use] .

The process involves analyzing one system or segment of business operation at a time and convening a team of individuals that includes business managers who are familiar with business information needs and technical staff who have a detailed understanding of potential system vulnerabilities and related controls .
the process involves analyzing one system or segment of business [use] at a time and convening a team of individuals that includes business managers who are familiar with business information needs and technical staff who have a detailed understanding of potential system vulnerabilities and related controls .

According to NIST , accreditation is `` the formal authorization by the management official for system operation and an explicit acceptance of risk . ''
according to nist , accreditation is `` the formal authorization by the management official for system [use] and an explicit acceptance of risk . ''

However , entities should make the determination of how best to apply the stewardship standards based on a thorough analysis of their individual entity , including its mission , financial practices , and the impact of its mission and operation on financial report users and on the Nation .
however , entities should make the determination of how best to apply the stewardship standards based on a thorough analysis of their individual entity , including its mission , financial practices , and the impact of its mission and [use] on financial report users and on the nation .

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ' Civil Works Directorate 's Operation and Maintenance Program is responsible for the stewardship of dams , levees , and other parts of the water resources infrastructure constructed by the Corps .
the u.s. army corps of engineers ' civil works directorate 's [use] and maintenance program is responsible for the stewardship of dams , levees , and other parts of the water resources infrastructure constructed by the corps .

Operation and maintenance expenditures had become by fiscal year 1990 the single largest individual program item in the Corps ' budget .
[use] and maintenance expenditures had become by fiscal year 1990 the single largest individual program item in the corps ' budget .

In 1991 , faced with rising budget pressures , a growing project inventory , and the need to become more results-oriented , the Corps initiated a comprehensive review of its civil operation and maintenance program .
in 1991 , faced with rising budget pressures , a growing project inventory , and the need to become more results-oriented , the corps initiated a comprehensive review of its civil [use] and maintenance program .

General controls refers to the structure , policies , and procedures-which apply to all or a large segment of an organization 's information systems-that help to ensure proper operation , data integrity , and security .
general controls refers to the structure , policies , and procedures-which apply to all or a large segment of an organization 's information systems-that help to ensure proper [use] , data integrity , and security .

The AICPA 's Generally Accepted Auditing Standards defines a reportable condition as a significant deficiency in the design or operation of internal control that could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with management 's assertions in the financial statements .
the aicpa 's generally accepted auditing standards defines a reportable condition as a significant deficiency in the design or [use] of internal control that could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with management 's assertions in the financial statements .

DOD Directive 5000.1 , The Defense Acquisition System ( Oct. 23 , 2000 ) , DOD Instruction 5000.2 , Operation of the Defense Acquisition System ( Apr .
dod directive 5000.1 , the defense acquisition system ( oct. 23 , 2000 ) , dod instruction 5000.2 , [use] of the defense acquisition system ( apr .

Instead of a scheduledriven process , their process is driven by events that bring them 9 DOD Directive 5000.1 , The Defense Acquisition System ( Oct. 23 , 2000 ) , DOD Instruction 5000.2 , Operation of the Defense Acquisition System ( Apr .
instead of a scheduledriven process , their process is driven by events that bring them 9 dod directive 5000.1 , the defense acquisition system ( oct. 23 , 2000 ) , dod instruction 5000.2 , [use] of the defense acquisition system ( apr .

To engage our employees more fully in improving the agency 's performance , we established the Comptroller General 's Employee Advisory Council to discuss current and emerging issues of mutual interest and concern and implemented an employee suggestion program that received more than 800 submissions in its first year of operation .
to engage our employees more fully in improving the agency 's performance , we established the comptroller general 's employee advisory council to discuss current and emerging issues of mutual interest and concern and implemented an employee suggestion program that received more than 800 submissions in its first year of [use] .

Finally , controls over safeguarding of assets against unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition also relate to making available to management information it needs to carry out its responsibilities related to prevention or timely detection of such unauthorized activities , as well as mechanisms to enable management to monitor the continued effective operation of such controls .
finally , controls over safeguarding of assets against unauthorized acquisition , use , or disposition also relate to making available to management information it needs to carry out its responsibilities related to prevention or timely detection of such unauthorized activities , as well as mechanisms to enable management to monitor the continued effective [use] of such controls .

AICPA standards define reportable conditions as significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control which could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with the assertions of management in the financial statements .
aicpa standards define reportable conditions as significant deficiencies in the design or [use] of internal control which could adversely affect the entity 's ability to record , process , summarize , and report financial data consistent with the assertions of management in the financial statements .

To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and The AICPA standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or operation of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions .
to give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and the aicpa standards define a material weakness as a reportable condition in which the design or [use] of one or more of the internal control components does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that would be material in relation to the financial statements being audited may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions .

Purpose and goals : Purpose is the result or effect that is intended or desired from a program 's operation .
purpose and goals : purpose is the result or effect that is intended or desired from a program 's [use] .

Internal Control 7.11 Auditors should obtain an understanding of the internal control environment , as well as specific internal controls , that are significant to the audit objectives , including internal control over compliance with legal and regulatory requirements , and consider whether the internal controls have been placed in operation .
internal control 7.11 auditors should obtain an understanding of the internal control environment , as well as specific internal controls , that are significant to the audit objectives , including internal control over compliance with legal and regulatory requirements , and consider whether the internal controls have been placed in [use] .

If auditors determine that internal controls over data which are significantly dependent upon computerized information systems are not effective or if auditors do not plan to test the effectiveness of such controls , auditors should include audit documentation regarding the basis for that conclusion by addressing ( 1 ) the reasons why the design or operation of the controls is ineffective , or ( 2 ) the reasons why it is inefficient to test the controls .
if auditors determine that internal controls over data which are significantly dependent upon computerized information systems are not effective or if auditors do not plan to test the effectiveness of such controls , auditors should include audit documentation regarding the basis for that conclusion by addressing ( 1 ) the reasons why the design or [use] of the controls is ineffective , or ( 2 ) the reasons why it is inefficient to test the controls .

Criteria : An audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .
criteria : an audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or [use] .

In a few cases , we toured the organizations ' facilities and observed practices in operation .
in a few cases , we toured the organizations ' facilities and observed practices in [use] .

The process involves analyzing one system or segment of business operation at a time and convening a team of individuals that includes business managers who are familiar with business information needs and technical staff who have a detailed understanding of potential system vulnerabilities and related controls .
the process involves analyzing one system or segment of business [use] at a time and convening a team of individuals that includes business managers who are familiar with business information needs and technical staff who have a detailed understanding of potential system vulnerabilities and related controls .

According to NIST , accreditation is `` the formal authorization by the management official for system operation and an explicit acceptance of risk . ''
according to nist , accreditation is `` the formal authorization by the management official for system [use] and an explicit acceptance of risk . ''

For one early fieldwork assignment , GAO looked at the operation of government agriculture programs in Kentucky and several southern states .
for one early fieldwork assignment , gao looked at the [use] of government agriculture programs in kentucky and several southern states .

Because any organization that is part of the power grid can potentially affect the operation and stability of the entire grid , members of these regional councils come from all segments of the electric industry : investor-owned utilities ; federal power agencies ; rural electric power cooperatives ; state , municipal , and provincial utilities ; independent power producers ; power marketers ; and other interested parties .
because any organization that is part of the power grid can potentially affect the [use] and stability of the entire grid , members of these regional councils come from all segments of the electric industry : investor-owned utilities ; federal power agencies ; rural electric power cooperatives ; state , municipal , and provincial utilities ; independent power producers ; power marketers ; and other interested parties .

Included are documentation requirements ; authorizations for undertaking projects ; and reviews , testing , and approvals of development and modification activities before placing systems into operation .
included are documentation requirements ; authorizations for undertaking projects ; and reviews , testing , and approvals of development and modification activities before placing systems into [use] .

An alternative to in-house development is the procurement of commercial software , but control is necessary to ensure that selected software meets the user 's needs , and that it is properly placed into operation .
an alternative to in-house development is the procurement of commercial software , but control is necessary to ensure that selected software meets the user 's needs , and that it is properly placed into [use] .

The FFC study concludes that , in the end , effective review of designs maximizes the probability that a mission or operational requirement will be successfully supported by a facility that was conceived , designed , constructed , and placed into operation efficiently and effectively .
the ffc study concludes that , in the end , effective review of designs maximizes the probability that a mission or operational requirement will be successfully supported by a facility that was conceived , designed , constructed , and placed into [use] efficiently and effectively .

In short , effective review of designs maximizes the probability that a business requirement will be successfully supported by a facility that was conceived , designed , constructed , and placed into operation efficiently and effectively .
in short , effective review of designs maximizes the probability that a business requirement will be successfully supported by a facility that was conceived , designed , constructed , and placed into [use] efficiently and effectively .

Facility operation and maintenance plans are implemented , tested , and refined as appropriate .
facility [use] and maintenance plans are implemented , tested , and refined as appropriate .

Operability Does design of the facility operating systems ensure ease and efficiency of operation during the facility 's useful lifetime ?
operability does design of the facility operating systems ensure ease and efficiency of [use] during the facility 's useful lifetime ?

In the end , effective review of designs maximizes the probability that a business requirement will be successfully supported by a facility that was conceived , designed , constructed , and placed into operation efficiently and effectively .
in the end , effective review of designs maximizes the probability that a business requirement will be successfully supported by a facility that was conceived , designed , constructed , and placed into [use] efficiently and effectively .

References Operation .
references [use] .

Problems are distinguished from failures of code , which represent defects discovered during operation .
problems are distinguished from failures of code , which represent defects discovered during [use] .

In terms of size , there is a `` typical '' bed size ( 100 beds ) ; in terms of people served , there is a `` typical '' population ( men and boys ) ; and in terms of years of operation , 3 years is `` typical , '' with 2 years a close runner-up .
in terms of size , there is a `` typical '' bed size ( 100 beds ) ; in terms of people served , there is a `` typical '' population ( men and boys ) ; and in terms of years of [use] , 3 years is `` typical , '' with 2 years a close runner-up .

Miami , for example , has 100 beds and serves men and boys , but it has been in operation only 1 year , costs $ 150 per person per day , and has a 15-percent problem rate .
miami , for example , has 100 beds and serves men and boys , but it has been in [use] only 1 year , costs $ 150 per person per day , and has a 15-percent problem rate .

For example , the population of detention facilities supported by INS contracts can be defined legally ( by the contract awarded ) , and the relevant dimensions ( length of time in operation , facility size , detainee mix ) are straightforward .
for example , the population of detention facilities supported by ins contracts can be defined legally ( by the contract awarded ) , and the relevant dimensions ( length of time in [use] , facility size , detainee mix ) are straightforward .

LSC initially stressed the importance of state plan ning in 1995 when it asked its recipients in each state to participate in the development of plans for the design , con figuration , and operation of LSC-funded programs in their states .
lsc initially stressed the importance of state plan ning in 1995 when it asked its recipients in each state to participate in the development of plans for the design , con figuration , and [use] of lsc-funded programs in their states .

I think that it is important for you to know that LSC initially stressed the importance of state planning in 1995 when it asked its recipients in each state to participate in the development of a plan for the design , configuration , and operation of LSC-funded programs in their states .
i think that it is important for you to know that lsc initially stressed the importance of state planning in 1995 when it asked its recipients in each state to participate in the development of a plan for the design , configuration , and [use] of lsc-funded programs in their states .

The Court 's `` nondistortion '' principle is also wrong on the facts , since there is no basis for believing that §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) , by causing `` cases [ to ] be presented by LSC attorneys who [ can ] not advise the courts of serious questions of statutory validity , '' ante , at 11 , will distort the operation of the courts .
the court 's `` nondistortion '' principle is also wrong on the facts , since there is no basis for believing that §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) , by causing `` cases [ to ] be presented by lsc attorneys who [ can ] not advise the courts of serious questions of statutory validity , '' ante , at 11 , will distort the [use] of the courts .

Frost v. Corporation Comm ' n of Okla. , 278 U. S. 515 , 525 ( 1929 ) ; see also Davis v. Wallace , 257 U. S. 478 , 484 ( 1922 ) ( `` Where an excepting provision in a statute is found unconstitutional , courts very generally hold that this does not work an enlargement of the scope or operation of other provisions with which that provision was enacted , and which it was intended to qualify or restrain '' ) .
frost v. corporation comm ' n of okla. , 278 u. s. 515 , 525 ( 1929 ) ; see also davis v. wallace , 257 u. s. 478 , 484 ( 1922 ) ( `` where an excepting provision in a statute is found unconstitutional , courts very generally hold that this does not work an enlargement of the scope or [use] of other provisions with which that provision was enacted , and which it was intended to qualify or restrain '' ) .

In its three years of operation not one agricultural employer agreed to use the procedures as an alternative to litigation .
in its three years of [use] not one agricultural employer agreed to use the procedures as an alternative to litigation .

The purpose of the former is to learn whether all elements of a newly merged program are functioning cohesively , and to identify areas where technical assistance may help achieve a unified operation .
the purpose of the former is to learn whether all elements of a newly merged program are functioning cohesively , and to identify areas where technical assistance may help achieve a unified [use] .

New Hampshire 's state planning process began in July 1995 , when representatives of the New Hampshire Bar Association , New Hampshire Legal Assistance ( NHLA ) , and the New Hampshire Pro Bono Referral System convened a series of meetings with stakeholders in the legal services delivery system to discuss the design , configuration and operation of the LSC-funded programs in the state in light of pending restrictions and funding cuts .
new hampshire 's state planning process began in july 1995 , when representatives of the new hampshire bar association , new hampshire legal assistance ( nhla ) , and the new hampshire pro bono referral system convened a series of meetings with stakeholders in the legal services delivery system to discuss the design , configuration and [use] of the lsc-funded programs in the state in light of pending restrictions and funding cuts .

In its first year of operation , ten staff attorneys from NHLA and LARC received an average of $ 3,000 in tax free grants to help them pay law school loans and stay in legal services .
in its first year of [use] , ten staff attorneys from nhla and larc received an average of $ 3,000 in tax free grants to help them pay law school loans and stay in legal services .

The Lawyers Trust Fund of Illinois and the Chicago Bar Foundation funded the first year of operation .
the lawyers trust fund of illinois and the chicago bar foundation funded the first year of [use] .

LSC/TIG funds will support the second year of operation , allowing the Tech Center to develop and expand resources to include video streaming training , legal research , community legal education materials and other supportive services .
lsc/tig funds will support the second year of [use] , allowing the tech center to develop and expand resources to include video streaming training , legal research , community legal education materials and other supportive services .

Changes in Electric Generation Expenditures Given the assumptions and economic drivers in each of the scenarios , the AMIGA model calculates the capital investment , operation and maintenance , and fuel costs necessary to meet consumer demand for electricity .
changes in electric generation expenditures given the assumptions and economic drivers in each of the scenarios , the amiga model calculates the capital investment , [use] and maintenance , and fuel costs necessary to meet consumer demand for electricity .

The existing Section 408 is revised to provide that a permit application covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the permitting authority in accordance with the deadline established under Title V , rather than the deadline ( e.g. , twenty-four months before a new unit commences operation ) under existing Section 408 .
the existing section 408 is revised to provide that a permit application covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the permitting authority in accordance with the deadline established under title v , rather than the deadline ( e.g. , twenty-four months before a new unit commences [use] ) under existing section 408 .

Three and one-half percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year will be allocated to such units that are affected EGUs under the new trading program as of December 31 , 2004 and commenced operation before January 1 , 2001 .
three and one-half percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances allocated each year will be allocated to such units that are affected egus under the new trading program as of december 31 , 2004 and commenced [use] before january 1 , 2001 .

One and one-half percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances will be allocated to units that are affected EGUs as of December 31 , 2004 and commence operation during the period January 1 , 2001- December 31 , 2004 .
one and one-half percent of the total amount of sulfur dioxide allowances will be allocated to units that are affected egus as of december 31 , 2004 and commence [use] during the period january 1 , 2001- december 31 , 2004 .

While it is expected that markets for the materials and labor used in the construction and operation of the control technologies will respond to increased demand , this response will not be instantaneous .
while it is expected that markets for the materials and labor used in the construction and [use] of the control technologies will respond to increased demand , this response will not be instantaneous .

Estimated Resources Needed for Installation and Operation of Technologies ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
estimated resources needed for installation and [use] of technologies ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .

Since FGD technology is not invasive to the boiler , most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical , and control tie-ins to existing items , can occur while the boiler is in operation .
since fgd technology is not invasive to the boiler , most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical , and control tie-ins to existing items , can occur while the boiler is in [use] .

EPA modeling projections conservatively assumed that one layer of catalyst is replaced for every 15,000 - 20,000 hours of operation for coal-fired units .
epa modeling projections conservatively assumed that one layer of catalyst is replaced for every 15,000 - 20,000 hours of [use] for coal-fired units .

Most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical and control tie-ins to existing items , can occur while the boiler is in operation .
most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical and control tie-ins to existing items , can occur while the boiler is in [use] .

Even if preliminary engineering and contract negotiation took as long as six to eight months , the total time for completing two 900 MWe units would be about 17 to 19 months.21 For the New Madrid plant , units 1 & 2 ( 600 MWe each ) , the specifications were released to turnkey contractors in February 1998 , the project specification was released in March 1998 , the contract was awarded on June 26 , 1998 , and the first unit was in operation by February 2000 .
even if preliminary engineering and contract negotiation took as long as six to eight months , the total time for completing two 900 mwe units would be about 17 to 19 months.21 for the new madrid plant , units 1 & 2 ( 600 mwe each ) , the specifications were released to turnkey contractors in february 1998 , the project specification was released in march 1998 , the contract was awarded on june 26 , 1998 , and the first unit was in [use] by february 2000 .

Most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical and control tie-ins to existing items , can occur while the boiler is in operation .
most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical and control tie-ins to existing items , can occur while the boiler is in [use] .

It is likely that the market for materials , labor , construction equipment , and other resources used in the construction and operation of air pollution control technologies would respond by increasing production to meet demand where needed .
it is likely that the market for materials , labor , construction equipment , and other resources used in the construction and [use] of air pollution control technologies would respond by increasing production to meet demand where needed .

Upon commencement of commercial operation of each new utility unit under subpart 1 of part B , the unit shall comply with the requirements of subsection ( a ) ( 1 ) .
upon commencement of commercial [use] of each new utility unit under subpart 1 of part b , the unit shall comply with the requirements of subsection ( a ) ( 1 ) .

In addition to the other requirements and prohibitions provided for in this title , the operation of any affected unit or the affected units at a facility to emit sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , or mercury in violation of section 412 ( c ) , 422 , 432 , 452 , and 472 , as the case may be , shall be deemed a violation , with each ton or , in the case of mercury , each ounce emitted in excess of allowances held constituting a separate violation .
in addition to the other requirements and prohibitions provided for in this title , the [use] of any affected unit or the affected units at a facility to emit sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , or mercury in violation of section 412 ( c ) , 422 , 432 , 452 , and 472 , as the case may be , shall be deemed a violation , with each ton or , in the case of mercury , each ounce emitted in excess of allowances held constituting a separate violation .

Any unit that commenced commercial operation before November 15 , 1990 which is modified , reconstructed , or repowered after November 15 , 1990 shall continue to be an existing unit for the purposes of this subpart .
any unit that commenced commercial [use] before november 15 , 1990 which is modified , reconstructed , or repowered after november 15 , 1990 shall continue to be an existing unit for the purposes of this subpart .

Except as provided in sections 416 , the removal of an existing affected unit or source from commercial operation at any time after November 15 , 1990 ( whether before or after January 1 , 1995 , or January 1 , 2000 ) shall not terminate or otherwise affect the allocation of allowances pursuant to section 413 or 414 to which the unit is entitled .
except as provided in sections 416 , the removal of an existing affected unit or source from commercial [use] at any time after november 15 , 1990 ( whether before or after january 1 , 1995 , or january 1 , 2000 ) shall not terminate or otherwise affect the allocation of allowances pursuant to section 413 or 414 to which the unit is entitled .

Allowances allocated under this subsection for units referred to in subparagraph ( A ) may be allocated only for emission reductions achieved as a result of physical changes or changes in the method of operation made after November 15 , 1990 , including changes in the type or quality of fossil fuel consumed .
allowances allocated under this subsection for units referred to in subparagraph ( a ) may be allocated only for emission reductions achieved as a result of physical changes or changes in the method of [use] made after november 15 , 1990 , including changes in the type or quality of fossil fuel consumed .

In the case of an existing unit that was not in operation during calendar year 1985 , the emission rate for a calendar year after 1985 , as determined by the Administrator , shall be used in lieu of the 1985 rate .
in the case of an existing unit that was not in [use] during calendar year 1985 , the emission rate for a calendar year after 1985 , as determined by the administrator , shall be used in lieu of the 1985 rate .

In no case may the Administrator allocate to a source designated under this section allowances in an amount greater than the emissions resulting from operation of the source in full compliance with the requirements of this Act .
in no case may the administrator allocate to a source designated under this section allowances in an amount greater than the emissions resulting from [use] of the source in full compliance with the requirements of this act .

No such allowances shall authorize operation of a unit in violation of any other requirements of this Act .
no such allowances shall authorize [use] of a unit in violation of any other requirements of this act .

Such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue operation under the conditions specified in their respective operating permits .
such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue [use] under the conditions specified in their respective operating permits .

For combustion turbines , this term does not include undertaking such a program or entering into such an obligation more than 18 months prior to the date on which the unit begins operation .
for combustion turbines , this term does not include undertaking such a program or entering into such an obligation more than 18 months prior to the date on which the unit begins [use] .

There are , of course , other relevant factors affecting entry such as wage premium , efficiency of operation and classification efficiency.15 15 See Cohen , et al. , ( 2002 ) .
there are , of course , other relevant factors affecting entry such as wage premium , efficiency of [use] and classification efficiency.15 15 see cohen , et al. , ( 2002 ) .

Finally , the fourth set of rules , contained in sections 181 and 182 of the rules of practice , 10 applies to Postal Service requests for new services that it believes can not recover all their associated costs in the first full fiscal year of their operation .
finally , the fourth set of rules , contained in sections 181 and 182 of the rules of practice , 10 applies to postal service requests for new services that it believes can not recover all their associated costs in the first full fiscal year of their [use] .

The cost of this Video operation may function as an upper limit for most of the mail .
the cost of this video [use] may function as an upper limit for most of the mail .

If this is the case , the cost curve would turn almost horizontal at the cost for this operation .
if this is the case , the cost curve would turn almost horizontal at the cost for this [use] .

THE ATTACK LOOMS FIRST ARRIVALS IN CALIFORNIA In chapter 5 we described the Southeast Asia travels of Nawaf al Hazmi , Khalid al Mihdhar , and others in January 2000 on the first part of the `` planes operation . ''
the attack looms first arrivals in california in chapter 5 we described the southeast asia travels of nawaf al hazmi , khalid al mihdhar , and others in january 2000 on the first part of the `` planes [use] . ''

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ( KSM ) , the organizer of the planes operation , explains that California was a convenient point of entry from Asia and had the added benefit of being far away from the intended target area .
khalid sheikh mohammed ( ksm ) , the organizer of the planes [use] , explains that california was a convenient point of entry from asia and had the added benefit of being far away from the intended target area .

KSM attempted to drop Mihdhar from the planes operation and would have done so , he says , had he not been overruled by Bin Ladin .
ksm attempted to drop mihdhar from the planes [use] and would have done so , he says , had he not been overruled by bin ladin .

Unable to participate directly in the operation , Binalshibh instead took on the role of coordinating between KSM and the operatives in the United States .
unable to participate directly in the [use] , binalshibh instead took on the role of coordinating between ksm and the operatives in the united states .

One al Qaeda member who knew them says that Nawaf pleaded with Bin Ladin to allow Salem to participate in the 9/11 operation .
one al qaeda member who knew them says that nawaf pleaded with bin ladin to allow salem to participate in the 9/11 [use] .

While training at al Qaeda camps , a dozen of them heard Bin Ladin 's speeches , volunteered to become suicide operatives , and eventually were selected as muscle hijackers for the planes operation .
while training at al qaeda camps , a dozen of them heard bin ladin 's speeches , volunteered to become suicide operatives , and eventually were selected as muscle hijackers for the planes [use] .

Although Khallad claims not to recall everyone from this group who was later chosen for the 9/11 operation , he says they also included Suqami , Waleed and Wail al Shehri , Omari , Nami , Hamza al Ghamdi , Salem al Hazmi , and Moqed .
although khallad claims not to recall everyone from this group who was later chosen for the 9/11 [use] , he says they also included suqami , waleed and wail al shehri , omari , nami , hamza al ghamdi , salem al hazmi , and moqed .

Khallad agrees , and claims that this criterion had preeminence in selecting the planes operation participants .
khallad agrees , and claims that this criterion had preeminence in selecting the planes [use] participants .

By the time operatives for the planes operation were picked in mid-2000 , some of them had been training in Afghanistan for months , others were just arriving for the first time , and still others may have been returning after prior visits to the camps .
by the time operatives for the planes [use] were picked in mid-2000 , some of them had been training in afghanistan for months , others were just arriving for the first time , and still others may have been returning after prior visits to the camps .

If Bin Ladin believed a trainee held promise for a special operation , that trainee would be invited to the al Qaeda leader 's compound at Tarnak Farms for further meetings .
if bin ladin believed a trainee held promise for a special [use] , that trainee would be invited to the al qaeda leader 's compound at tarnak farms for further meetings .

Bin Ladin , assisted by Atef , personally chose all the future muscle hijackers for the planes operation , primarily between the summer of 2000 and April 2001 .
bin ladin , assisted by atef , personally chose all the future muscle hijackers for the planes [use] , primarily between the summer of 2000 and april 2001 .

Upon choosing a trainee , Bin Ladin would ask him to swear loyalty for a suicide operation .
upon choosing a trainee , bin ladin would ask him to swear loyalty for a suicide [use] .

At this early stage , the operatives were not told details about the operation .
at this early stage , the operatives were not told details about the [use] .

In addition to the operatives who eventually participated in the 9/11 attacks as muscle hijackers , Bin Ladin apparently selected at least nine other Saudis who , for various reasons , did not end up taking part in the operation : Mohamed Mani Ahmad al Kahtani , Khalid Saeed Ahmad al Zahrani , Ali Abd al Rahman al Faqasi al Ghamdi , Saeed al Baluchi , Qutaybah al Najdi , Zuhair al Thubaiti , Saeed Abdullah Saeed al Ghamdi , Saud al Rashid , and Mushabib al Hamlan .
in addition to the operatives who eventually participated in the 9/11 attacks as muscle hijackers , bin ladin apparently selected at least nine other saudis who , for various reasons , did not end up taking part in the [use] : mohamed mani ahmad al kahtani , khalid saeed ahmad al zahrani , ali abd al rahman al faqasi al ghamdi , saeed al baluchi , qutaybah al najdi , zuhair al thubaiti , saeed abdullah saeed al ghamdi , saud al rashid , and mushabib al hamlan .

These candidate hijackers either backed out , had trouble obtaining needed travel documents , or were removed from the operation by the al Qaeda leadership .
these candidate hijackers either backed out , had trouble obtaining needed travel documents , or were removed from the [use] by the al qaeda leadership .

The training reportedly was conducted at the al Matar complex by Abu Turab al Jordani , one of only a handful of al Qaeda operatives who , according to KSM , was aware of the full details of the planned planes operation .
the training reportedly was conducted at the al matar complex by abu turab al jordani , one of only a handful of al qaeda operatives who , according to ksm , was aware of the full details of the planned planes [use] .

The operatives were taught about other kinds of attack as well , such as truck bombing , so that they would not be able to disclose the exact nature of their operation if they were caught .
the operatives were taught about other kinds of attack as well , such as truck bombing , so that they would not be able to disclose the exact nature of their [use] if they were caught .

Ali reportedly assumed the operatives he was helping were involved in a big operation in the United States , he did not know the details .
ali reportedly assumed the operatives he was helping were involved in a big [use] in the united states , he did not know the details .

Hawsawi also facilitated some of the operation 's financing .
hawsawi also facilitated some of the [use] 's financing .

Ksm 's desire to drop him from the operation yielded to Bin Ladin 's insistence to keep him .
ksm 's desire to drop him from the [use] yielded to bin ladin 's insistence to keep him .

Our knowledge of the international travels of the al Qaeda operatives selected for the 9/11 operation remains fragmentary .
our knowledge of the international travels of the al qaeda operatives selected for the 9/11 [use] remains fragmentary .

At the time of their travel through Iran , the al Qaeda operatives themselves were probably not aware of the specific details of their future operation .
at the time of their travel through iran , the al qaeda operatives themselves were probably not aware of the specific details of their future [use] .

Several also joined local gyms , presumably to stay fit for the operation .
several also joined local gyms , presumably to stay fit for the [use] .

During the Berlin meeting , the two had agreed to meet later in the year in Kuala Lumpur to discuss the operation in person again .
during the berlin meeting , the two had agreed to meet later in the year in kuala lumpur to discuss the [use] in person again .

Bin Ladin told Binalshibh to instruct Atta and the others to focus on their security and that of the operation , and to advise Atta to proceed as planned with the targets discussed before Atta left Afghanistan in early 2000-the World Trade Center , the Pentagon , the White House , and the Capitol .
bin ladin told binalshibh to instruct atta and the others to focus on their security and that of the [use] , and to advise atta to proceed as planned with the targets discussed before atta left afghanistan in early 2000-the world trade center , the pentagon , the white house , and the capitol .

That way they could assist each other before the operation and each team would be able to command the passengers in English .
that way they could assist each other before the [use] and each team would be able to command the passengers in english .

Concerned that Jarrah might withdraw from the operation at this late stage , KSM emphasized the importance of Atta and Jarrah 's resolving their differences .
concerned that jarrah might withdraw from the [use] at this late stage , ksm emphasized the importance of atta and jarrah 's resolving their differences .

While Binalshibh admits KSM did direct him to send Moussaoui money during the mid-July conversation , he denies knowing exactly why he received this instruction-though he thought the money was being provided `` within the framework '' of the 9/11 operation .
while binalshibh admits ksm did direct him to send moussaoui money during the mid-july conversation , he denies knowing exactly why he received this instruction-though he thought the money was being provided `` within the framework '' of the 9/11 [use] .

KSM denies ever considering Moussaoui for the planes operation .
ksm denies ever considering moussaoui for the planes [use] .

Ksm has also stated that by the summer of 2001 , he was too busy with the planes operation to continue planning for any second-wave attacks .
ksm has also stated that by the summer of 2001 , he was too busy with the planes [use] to continue planning for any second-wave attacks .

We therefore believe that the effort to push Moussaoui forward in August 2001 lends credence to the suspicion that he was being primed as a possible pilot in the immediate planes operation .
we therefore believe that the effort to push moussaoui forward in august 2001 lends credence to the suspicion that he was being primed as a possible pilot in the immediate planes [use] .

Binalshibh says he assumed Moussaoui was to take his place as another pilot in the 9/11 operation .
binalshibh says he assumed moussaoui was to take his place as another pilot in the 9/11 [use] .

Recounting a post-9/11 discussion with KSM in Kandahar , Binalshibh claims KSM mentioned Moussaoui as being part of the 9/11 operation .
recounting a post-9/11 discussion with ksm in kandahar , binalshibh claims ksm mentioned moussaoui as being part of the 9/11 [use] .

Binalshibh says KSM did not approve of Moussaoui but believes KSM did not remove him from the operation only because Moussaoui had been selected and assigned by Bin Ladin himself .
binalshibh says ksm did not approve of moussaoui but believes ksm did not remove him from the [use] only because moussaoui had been selected and assigned by bin ladin himself .

According to Binalshibh , had Bin Ladin and KSM learned prior to 9/11 that Moussaoui had been detained , they might have canceled the operation .
according to binalshibh , had bin ladin and ksm learned prior to 9/11 that moussaoui had been detained , they might have canceled the [use] .

When Binalshibh discussed Moussaoui 's arrest with KSM after September 11 , KSM congratulated himself on not having Moussaoui contact the other operatives , which would have compromised the operation .
when binalshibh discussed moussaoui 's arrest with ksm after september 11 , ksm congratulated himself on not having moussaoui contact the other operatives , which would have compromised the [use] .

Dissent within the al Qaeda Leadership While tactical preparations for the attack were nearing completion , the entire operation was being questioned at the top , as al Qaeda and the Taliban argued over strategy for 2001 .
dissent within the al qaeda leadership while tactical preparations for the attack were nearing completion , the entire [use] was being questioned at the top , as al qaeda and the taliban argued over strategy for 2001 .

Our focus has naturally been on the specifics of the planes operation .
our focus has naturally been on the specifics of the planes [use] .

From the perspective of Bin Ladin and Atef , this operation was only one , admittedly key , element of their unfolding plans for the year .
from the perspective of bin ladin and atef , this [use] was only one , admittedly key , element of their unfolding plans for the year .

He wanted the planes operation to proceed as soon as possible .
he wanted the planes [use] to proceed as soon as possible .

According to him , Bin Ladin wanted the operation carried out on May 12 , 2001 , seven months to the day after the Cole bombing .
according to him , bin ladin wanted the [use] carried out on may 12 , 2001 , seven months to the day after the cole bombing .

While the details of the operation were strictly compartmented , by the time of the alert , word had begun to spread that an attack against the United States was coming .
while the details of the [use] were strictly compartmented , by the time of the alert , word had begun to spread that an attack against the united states was coming .

KSM notes that it was generally well known by the summer of 2001 that he was planning some kind of operation against the United States .
ksm notes that it was generally well known by the summer of 2001 that he was planning some kind of [use] against the united states .

There is evidence that Mullah Omar initially opposed a major al Qaeda operation directly against the United States in 2001 .
there is evidence that mullah omar initially opposed a major al qaeda [use] directly against the united states in 2001 .

Another source says that Sheikh Saeed opposed the operation , both out of deference to Omar and because he feared the U.S. response to an attack .
another source says that sheikh saeed opposed the [use] , both out of deference to omar and because he feared the u.s. response to an attack .

According to KSM , in late August , when the operation was fully planned , Bin Ladin formally notified the al Qaeda Shura Council that a major attack against the United States would take place in the coming weeks .
according to ksm , in late august , when the [use] was fully planned , bin ladin formally notified the al qaeda shura council that a major attack against the united states would take place in the coming weeks .

Another significant al Qaeda operation was making progress during the summer-a plot to assassinate the Northern Alliance leader , Ahmed Shah Massoud .
another significant al qaeda [use] was making progress during the summer-a plot to assassinate the northern alliance leader , ahmed shah massoud .

ESU teams also had these channels but at an operation would use a separate point-to-point channel ( which was not monitored by a dispatcher ) .17 The NYPD also supervised the city 's 911 emergency call system .
esu teams also had these channels but at an [use] would use a separate point-to-point channel ( which was not monitored by a dispatcher ) .17 the nypd also supervised the city 's 911 emergency call system .

Chiefs at a fire operation also would use a separate command channel .
chiefs at a fire [use] also would use a separate command channel .

The chiefs concluded that this would be a rescue operation , not a firefighting operation .
the chiefs concluded that this would be a rescue [use] , not a firefighting [use] .

Summary In the 17-minute period between 8:46 and 9:03 A.M. on September 11 , New York City and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey had mobilized the largest rescue operation in the city 's history .
summary in the 17-minute period between 8:46 and 9:03 a.m. on september 11 , new york city and the port authority of new york and new jersey had mobilized the largest rescue [use] in the city 's history .

What had been the largest and most complicated rescue operation in city history instantly doubled in magnitude .
what had been the largest and most complicated rescue [use] in city history instantly doubled in magnitude .

According to one of the chiefs in the lobby , `` One of the most critical things in a major operation like this is to have information .
according to one of the chiefs in the lobby , `` one of the most critical things in a major [use] like this is to have information .

Feeling satisfied with the scope of the operation in the Marriott , the chief in the lobby there directed some units to proceed to what he thought was the SouthTower .
feeling satisfied with the scope of the [use] in the marriott , the chief in the lobby there directed some units to proceed to what he thought was the southtower .

In the first , the senior lobby chief gave the Chief of Department a status report and confirmed that this was a rescue , not firefighting , operation .
in the first , the senior lobby chief gave the chief of department a status report and confirmed that this was a rescue , not firefighting , [use] .

The NYPD Chief of Department called for Operation Omega , which required the protection of sensitive locations around the city .
the nypd chief of department called for [use] omega , which required the protection of sensitive locations around the city .

Both were so frightened by the experience that they withdrew from the operation .
both were so frightened by the experience that they withdrew from the [use] .

Hamlan and Nami eventually agreed to approach Abu Hafs al Mauritani about participating in a suicide operation .
hamlan and nami eventually agreed to approach abu hafs al mauritani about participating in a suicide [use] .

A letter recovered from a safehouse in Pakistan , apparently written by Sayf al Adl , also suggests that Jdey was initially part of the 9/11 operation at the same time as the Hamburg group .
a letter recovered from a safehouse in pakistan , apparently written by sayf al adl , also suggests that jdey was initially part of the 9/11 [use] at the same time as the hamburg group .

As discussed in a set of Atta-Binalshibh exchanges in August 2001 , Ali ( referred to by the nickname `` Losh '' ) appears to have contacted Atta and expressed the desire to join the operation .
as discussed in a set of atta-binalshibh exchanges in august 2001 , ali ( referred to by the nickname `` losh '' ) appears to have contacted atta and expressed the desire to join the [use] .

KSM claims to have assigned the Pentagon specifically to Hanjour , the operation 's most experienced pilot .
ksm claims to have assigned the pentagon specifically to hanjour , the [use] 's most experienced pilot .

KSM has admitted that he considered targeting a nuclear power plant as part of his initial proposal for the planes operation .
ksm has admitted that he considered targeting a nuclear power plant as part of his initial proposal for the planes [use] .

KSM may also have intended to include these documents as part of the historical file he maintained about the 9/11 operation .
ksm may also have intended to include these documents as part of the historical file he maintained about the 9/11 [use] .

Indeed , it was not until midsummer that Egyptian Islamic Jihad leader Ayman al Zawahiri learned of the operation , and only after his group had cemented its alliance with al Qaeda and Zawahiri had become Bin Ladin 's deputy .
indeed , it was not until midsummer that egyptian islamic jihad leader ayman al zawahiri learned of the [use] , and only after his group had cemented its alliance with al qaeda and zawahiri had become bin ladin 's deputy .

KSM claims he would have disobeyed even had the council ordered Bin Ladin to cancel the operation .
ksm claims he would have disobeyed even had the council ordered bin ladin to cancel the [use] .

As noted in chapter 7 , KSM has said that it was generally well known by the summer of 2001 that he was planning an operation in the United States .
as noted in chapter 7 , ksm has said that it was generally well known by the summer of 2001 that he was planning an [use] in the united states .

See CIA , SEIB , `` Bin Ladin Plans Delayed but Not Abandoned , '' July 13 , 2001 ; CIA , SEIB , '' One Bin Ladin Operation Delayed , Others Ongoing , '' July 25 , 2001 ; NSC memo , Cressey to CSG , Threat SVTS , July 23 , 2001 .
see cia , seib , `` bin ladin plans delayed but not abandoned , '' july 13 , 2001 ; cia , seib , '' one bin ladin [use] delayed , others ongoing , '' july 25 , 2001 ; nsc memo , cressey to csg , threat svts , july 23 , 2001 .

The publicity regarding Mihdhar and Hazmi might have had a similar effect because they could have been identified by the airlines and might have jeopardized the operation .
the publicity regarding mihdhar and hazmi might have had a similar effect because they could have been identified by the airlines and might have jeopardized the [use] .

He had paid nearly $ 9,000 in cash for the training , yet had no explanation for the source of these funds ; he had asked to fly a simulated flight from London 's Heathrow Airport to New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport ; and he was also particularly interested in the operation of the aircraft doors .
he had paid nearly $ 9,000 in cash for the training , yet had no explanation for the source of these funds ; he had asked to fly a simulated flight from london 's heathrow airport to new york 's john f. kennedy airport ; and he was also particularly interested in the [use] of the aircraft doors .

For the Chief of Department 's and Chief of Operation 's actions , see FDNY interview 18 , Chief ( Jan. 22 , 2004 ) .
for the chief of department 's and chief of [use] 's actions , see fdny interview 18 , chief ( jan. 22 , 2004 ) .

The original `` Infinite Justice '' name was a continuation of a series of names begun in August 1998 with Operation Infinite Reach , the air strikes against Bin Ladin 's facilities in Afghanistan and Sudan after the embassy bombings .
the original `` infinite justice '' name was a continuation of a series of names begun in august 1998 with [use] infinite reach , the air strikes against bin ladin 's facilities in afghanistan and sudan after the embassy bombings .

The series also included Operation Infinite Resolve , a variety of proposed follow-on strikes on al Qaeda targets in Afghanistan .
the series also included [use] infinite resolve , a variety of proposed follow-on strikes on al qaeda targets in afghanistan .

Intelligence report , Possible Islamic Army Foreknowledge of an `` Egyptian Operation '' and Logistical and Security Assistance Provided for the Attackers , Feb. 13 , 1997 ; FBI report of investigation , interview of Fadl , Nov. 4 , 1997 .
intelligence report , possible islamic army foreknowledge of an `` egyptian [use] '' and logistical and security assistance provided for the attackers , feb. 13 , 1997 ; fbi report of investigation , interview of fadl , nov. 4 , 1997 .

Copies of the declarations issued by `` The Islamic Army for the Liberation of the Holy Places '' taking credit for the operation were recovered from a raid in Baku , Azerbaijan , after the bombings in September 1998 .
copies of the declarations issued by `` the islamic army for the liberation of the holy places '' taking credit for the [use] were recovered from a raid in baku , azerbaijan , after the bombings in september 1998 .

D-T , United States v. bin Laden ( `` Al-Aqsa Mosque operation '' ) ; government exhibit no .
d-t , united states v. bin laden ( `` al-aqsa mosque [use] '' ) ; government exhibit no .

E-T , United States v. bin Laden ( `` The Holy Ka'ba operation '' ) .
e-t , united states v. bin laden ( `` the holy ka'ba [use] '' ) .

It did not lead to plans for a U.S. operation to snatch Bin Ladin , because there was no indictment against him .
it did not lead to plans for a u.s. [use] to snatch bin ladin , because there was no indictment against him .

On the Kansi operation , see Coll , Ghost Wars , p. 373 .
on the kansi [use] , see coll , ghost wars , p. 373 .

For the modification of the plan , see CIA memo , `` Tentative Timeline for the Bin Ladin Capture Operation , '' May 19 , 1998 .
for the modification of the plan , see cia memo , `` tentative timeline for the bin ladin capture [use] , '' may 19 , 1998 .

CIA cable , `` 19 May 98 Briefing for JSOC , '' May 27,1998 ; CIA cable , '' Developments in the [ Tribals ' ] Operation at the HQs End , '' May 26 , 1998 ; Joint Inquiry interview of Michael Canavan , Sept. 3 , 2002 .
cia cable , `` 19 may 98 briefing for jsoc , '' may 27,1998 ; cia cable , '' developments in the [ tribals ' ] [use] at the hqs end , '' may 26 , 1998 ; joint inquiry interview of michael canavan , sept. 3 , 2002 .

CIA memo , summary of Covert Action Planning Group meeting , May 18 , 1998 ; CIA memo , `` Tentative Timeline for the Bin Ladin Capture Operation , '' May 19 , 1998 .
cia memo , summary of covert action planning group meeting , may 18 , 1998 ; cia memo , `` tentative timeline for the bin ladin capture [use] , '' may 19 , 1998 .

CIA cable , `` 20-24 May 98 Full Mission Profile of the U.S. Side of the Bin Ladin Capture Operation , '' May 27 , 1998 ; CIA cable , '' Developments in the [ Tribals ' ] Operation at the HQs End , '' May 26 , 1998 .
cia cable , `` 20-24 may 98 full mission profile of the u.s. side of the bin ladin capture [use] , '' may 27 , 1998 ; cia cable , '' developments in the [ tribals ' ] [use] at the hqs end , '' may 26 , 1998 .

See Jeff interview ( Dec. 17 , 2003 ) ; James Pavitt interview ( Jan. 8 , 2004 ) ; George Tenet interview ( Jan. 22 , 2004 ) , in which he also said he did not tell the Principals Committee his reasons for canceling the operation because there was no reason for the principals to hear details of an unsound plan .
see jeff interview ( dec. 17 , 2003 ) ; james pavitt interview ( jan. 8 , 2004 ) ; george tenet interview ( jan. 22 , 2004 ) , in which he also said he did not tell the principals committee his reasons for canceling the [use] because there was no reason for the principals to hear details of an unsound plan .

CIA memo , DDO to Berger , `` Timing of the UBL Rendition Operation , '' June 15 , 1998 ; for Schroen , see CIA cable , '' Comments on [ Tribals ' ] Planning for UBL Rendition , '' May 6 , 1998 .
cia memo , ddo to berger , `` timing of the ubl rendition [use] , '' june 15 , 1998 ; for schroen , see cia cable , '' comments on [ tribals ' ] planning for ubl rendition , '' may 6 , 1998 .

On further information , see Intelligence report , possible arrest of persons involved in hijacking plan , Dec. 18 , 1998 ; Intelligence report , timeframe for completion of hijacking operation , Dec. 24 , 1998 ; Intelligence report , claim that Bin Ladin postponed hijacking , Jan. 8 , 1999 ; CIA analytic report , `` Reporting on Al-Qaida plans to Use Aircraft as Terrorist Weapons , '' Aug. 26 , 2002 .
on further information , see intelligence report , possible arrest of persons involved in hijacking plan , dec. 18 , 1998 ; intelligence report , timeframe for completion of hijacking [use] , dec. 24 , 1998 ; intelligence report , claim that bin ladin postponed hijacking , jan. 8 , 1999 ; cia analytic report , `` reporting on al-qaida plans to use aircraft as terrorist weapons , '' aug. 26 , 2002 .

The foreign government had no intelligence of such links , but judged that the 1998 plan could have influenced planning for the 9/11 operation .
the foreign government had no intelligence of such links , but judged that the 1998 plan could have influenced planning for the 9/11 [use] .

See , e.g. , CIA briefing materials , CTC UBL Update : '' Must Do Some Fundamental Rethinking , '' July 20 , 1999 ( Afghan assets are not capable of mounting a UBL capture operation or ambush ) ; CIA briefing materials , CTC UBL Update : '' Problems with Capturing UBL , '' Aug. 3 , 1999 ( tribals are good reporters but are unlikely to capture Bin Ladin because of the risks involved , so there is a need to identify a new group to undertake a capture operation ) .
see , e.g. , cia briefing materials , ctc ubl update : '' must do some fundamental rethinking , '' july 20 , 1999 ( afghan assets are not capable of mounting a ubl capture [use] or ambush ) ; cia briefing materials , ctc ubl update : '' problems with capturing ubl , '' aug. 3 , 1999 ( tribals are good reporters but are unlikely to capture bin ladin because of the risks involved , so there is a need to identify a new group to undertake a capture [use] ) .

Nor did it allow for aggregating and analyzing facts to see if they could provide clues to terrorist tactics more generally-methods of entry and finance , and mode of operation inside the United States .
nor did it allow for aggregating and analyzing facts to see if they could provide clues to terrorist tactics more generally-methods of entry and finance , and mode of [use] inside the united states .

There large numbers of scholars from U.S.universities pored over accounts from spies , communications intercepted by the armed forces , transcripts of radio broadcasts , and publications of all types , and prepared reports on economic , political , and social conditions in foreign theaters of operation .
there large numbers of scholars from u.s.universities pored over accounts from spies , communications intercepted by the armed forces , transcripts of radio broadcasts , and publications of all types , and prepared reports on economic , political , and social conditions in foreign theaters of [use] .

The operation was not cost free : the United States lost two planes .
the [use] was not cost free : the united states lost two planes .

Evidence accumulated later , including the 1988 bombing of Pan Am 103 , clearly showed that the operation did not curb Qadhafi 's interest in terrorism .
evidence accumulated later , including the 1988 bombing of pan am 103 , clearly showed that the [use] did not curb qadhafi 's interest in terrorism .

Other than one civilian casualty , the operation seemed completely successful : the intelligence headquarters was demolished .
other than one civilian casualty , the [use] seemed completely successful : the intelligence headquarters was demolished .

Clarke wrote Berger on March 7 that he saw the operation as `` somewhat embryonic '' and the CIA as `` months away from doing anything . ''
clarke wrote berger on march 7 that he saw the [use] as `` somewhat embryonic '' and the cia as `` months away from doing anything . ''

Although the tribals thought they could pull off the raid , if the operation were approved by headquarters and the policymakers , Schroen wrote there was going to be a point when `` we step back and keep our fingers crossed that the [ tribals ] prove as good ( and as lucky ) as they think they will be . ''
although the tribals thought they could pull off the raid , if the [use] were approved by headquarters and the policymakers , schroen wrote there was going to be a point when `` we step back and keep our fingers crossed that the [ tribals ] prove as good ( and as lucky ) as they think they will be . ''

General Canavan said he had actually thought the operation too complicated for the CIA- '' out of their league '' -and an effort to get results `` on the cheap . ''
general canavan said he had actually thought the [use] too complicated for the cia- '' out of their league '' -and an effort to get results `` on the cheap . ''

On May 18 , CIA 's managers reviewed a draft Memorandum of Notification ( MON ) , a legal document authorizing the capture operation .
on may 18 , cia 's managers reviewed a draft memorandum of notification ( mon ) , a legal document authorizing the capture [use] .

James Pavitt , the assistant head of the Directorate of Operations , expressed concern that people might get killed ; it appears he thought the operation had at least a slight flavor of a plan for an assassination .
james pavitt , the assistant head of the directorate of operations , expressed concern that people might get killed ; it appears he thought the [use] had at least a slight flavor of a plan for an assassination .

Counterterrorist Center officers briefed Attorney General Janet Reno and FBI Director Louis Freeh , telling them that the operation had about a 30 percent chance of success .
counterterrorist center officers briefed attorney general janet reno and fbi director louis freeh , telling them that the [use] had about a 30 percent chance of success .

Though `` Jeff `` also used the 30 percent success figure , he warned that someone would surely be killed in the operation .
though `` jeff `` also used the 30 percent success figure , he warned that someone would surely be killed in the [use] .

From May 20 to 24 , the CIA ran a final , graded rehearsal of the operation , spread over three time zones , even bringing in personnel from the region .
from may 20 to 24 , the cia ran a final , graded rehearsal of the [use] , spread over three time zones , even bringing in personnel from the region .

On May 20 , Director Tenet discussed the high risk of the operation with Berger and his deputies , warning that people might be killed , including Bin Ladin .
on may 20 , director tenet discussed the high risk of the [use] with berger and his deputies , warning that people might be killed , including bin ladin .

A meeting of principals was scheduled for May 29 to decide whether the operation should go ahead .
a meeting of principals was scheduled for may 29 to decide whether the [use] should go ahead .

The decision was made not to go ahead with the operation . ''
the decision was made not to go ahead with the [use] . ''

Mike '' cabled the field that he had been directed to `` stand down on the operation for the time being . ''
mike '' cabled the field that he had been directed to `` stand down on the [use] for the time being . ''

They were concerned about the tribals ' safety , and had worried that `` the purpose and nature of the operation would be subject to unavoidable misinterpretation and misrepresentation-and probably recriminations-in the event that Bin Ladin , despite our best intentions and efforts , did not survive . ''
they were concerned about the tribals ' safety , and had worried that `` the purpose and nature of the [use] would be subject to unavoidable misinterpretation and misrepresentation-and probably recriminations-in the event that bin ladin , despite our best intentions and efforts , did not survive . ''

Impressions vary as to who actually decided not to proceed with the operation .
impressions vary as to who actually decided not to proceed with the [use] .

Tenet told us that given the recommendation of his chief operations officers , he alone had decided to `` turn off `` the operation .
tenet told us that given the recommendation of his chief operations officers , he alone had decided to `` turn off `` the [use] .

Months earlier , after cancellation of the covert capture operation , Clarke had prodded the Pentagon to explore possibilities for military action .
months earlier , after cancellation of the covert capture [use] , clarke had prodded the pentagon to explore possibilities for military action .

The Clinton administration eventually launched a large-scale set of air strikes against Iraq , Operation Desert Fox , in December 1998 .
the clinton administration eventually launched a large-scale set of air strikes against iraq , [use] desert fox , in december 1998 .

Sharif came back to his earlier proposal and won approval for U.S. assistance in training a Pakistani special forces team for an operation against Bin Ladin .
sharif came back to his earlier proposal and won approval for u.s. assistance in training a pakistani special forces team for an [use] against bin ladin .

Working with Albanian authorities , CIA operatives had raided an al Qaeda forgery operation and another terrorist cell in Tirana .
working with albanian authorities , cia operatives had raided an al qaeda forgery [use] and another terrorist cell in tirana .

Preparing Director Tenet for a Small Group meeting in mid- November , the Counterterrorist Center stressed , `` At this point we can not predict when or if a capture operation will be executed by our assets . ''
preparing director tenet for a small group meeting in mid- november , the counterterrorist center stressed , `` at this point we can not predict when or if a capture [use] will be executed by our assets . ''

One source quoted a senior member of the Gama'at al-Islamiyya ( IG ) saying that , as of late October , the IG had completed planning for RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA 'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 129 an operation in the US on behalf of Bin Ladin , but that the operation was on hold .
one source quoted a senior member of the gama'at al-islamiyya ( ig ) saying that , as of late october , the ig had completed planning for responses to al qaeda 's initial assaults 129 an [use] in the us on behalf of bin ladin , but that the [use] was on hold .

Early drafts of this highly sensitive document emphasized that it authorized only a capture operation .
early drafts of this highly sensitive document emphasized that it authorized only a capture [use] .

Because the White House considered this operation highly sensitive , only a tiny number of people knew about this Memorandum of Notification .
because the white house considered this [use] highly sensitive , only a tiny number of people knew about this memorandum of notification .

A message from Tenet to CIA field agents directed them to communicate to the tribals the instructions authorized by the President : the United States preferred that Bin Ladin and his lieutenants be captured , but if a successful capture operation was not feasible , the tribals were permitted to kill them .
a message from tenet to cia field agents directed them to communicate to the tribals the instructions authorized by the president : the united states preferred that bin ladin and his lieutenants be captured , but if a successful capture [use] was not feasible , the tribals were permitted to kill them .

Tenet told the Commission that except in one specific case ( discussed later ) , the CIA was authorized to kill Bin Ladin only in the context of a capture operation .
tenet told the commission that except in one specific case ( discussed later ) , the cia was authorized to kill bin ladin only in the context of a capture [use] .

It asked him to allow the CIA to give exactly the same guidance to the Northern Alliance as had just been given to the tribals : they could kill Bin Ladin if a successful capture operation was not feasible .
it asked him to allow the cia to give exactly the same guidance to the northern alliance as had just been given to the tribals : they could kill bin ladin if a successful capture [use] was not feasible .

Later in 1999 , when legal authority was needed for enlisting still other collaborators and for covering a wider set of contingencies , the lawyers returned to the language used in August 1998 , which authorized force only in the context of a capture operation .
later in 1999 , when legal authority was needed for enlisting still other collaborators and for covering a wider set of contingencies , the lawyers returned to the language used in august 1998 , which authorized force only in the context of a capture [use] .

The initial strikes had been called Operation Infinite Reach .
the initial strikes had been called [use] infinite reach .

The follow-on plans were given the code name Operation Infinite Resolve .
the follow-on plans were given the code name [use] infinite resolve .

Shelton told President Clinton he would go forward with `` boots on the ground '' if the President ordered him to do so ; however , he had to ensure that the President was completely aware of the large logistical problems inherent in a military operation .
shelton told president clinton he would go forward with `` boots on the ground '' if the president ordered him to do so ; however , he had to ensure that the president was completely aware of the large logistical problems inherent in a military [use] .

Over the next few weeks , the CIA repeatedly issued warnings-including calls from DCI Tenet to Clarke-that Abu Zubaydah was planning an operation in the near future .
over the next few weeks , the cia repeatedly issued warnings-including calls from dci tenet to clarke-that abu zubaydah was planning an [use] in the near future .

On May 17 , based on the previous day 's report , the first item on the CSG 's agenda was `` UBL : Operation Planned in U.S. '' The anonymous caller 's tip could not be corroborated .
on may 17 , based on the previous day 's report , the first item on the csg 's agenda was `` ubl : [use] planned in u.s. '' the anonymous caller 's tip could not be corroborated .

Clarke wrote that this was all too sophisticated to be merely a psychological operation to keep the United States on edge , and the CIA agreed .
clarke wrote that this was all too sophisticated to be merely a psychological [use] to keep the united states on edge , and the cia agreed .

Convicted plotter Ahmed Ressam has told the FBI that he conceived the idea to attack Los Angeles International Airport himself , but that Bin Ladin lieutenant Abu Zubaydah encouraged him and helped facilitate the operation .
convicted plotter ahmed ressam has told the fbi that he conceived the idea to attack los angeles international airport himself , but that bin ladin lieutenant abu zubaydah encouraged him and helped facilitate the [use] .

Ressam says Bin Ladin was aware of the Los Angeles operation .
ressam says bin ladin was aware of the los angeles [use] .

LATE LEADS-MIHDHAR , MOUSSAOUI , AND KSM In chapter 6 we discussed how intelligence agencies successfully detected some of the early travel in the planes operation , picking up the movements of Khalid al Mihdhar and identifying him , and seeing his travel converge with someone they perhaps could have identified but did not-Nawaf al Hazmi-as well as with less easily identifiable people such as Khallad and Abu Bara .
late leads-mihdhar , moussaoui , and ksm in chapter 6 we discussed how intelligence agencies successfully detected some of the early travel in the planes [use] , picking up the movements of khalid al mihdhar and identifying him , and seeing his travel converge with someone they perhaps could have identified but did not-nawaf al hazmi-as well as with less easily identifiable people such as khallad and abu bara .

She knew that another terrorist involved in that operation , Fahd al Quso , had traveled to Bangkok in January 2000 to give money to Khallad .
she knew that another terrorist involved in that [use] , fahd al quso , had traveled to bangkok in january 2000 to give money to khallad .

He had left the United States in June 2000 , a mistake KSM realized could endanger the entire plan-for to continue with the operation , Mihdhar would have to travel to the United States again .
he had left the united states in june 2000 , a mistake ksm realized could endanger the entire plan-for to continue with the [use] , mihdhar would have to travel to the united states again .

As a former pilot , the President was struck by the apparent sophistication of the operation and some of the piloting , especially Hanjour 's high-speed dive into the Pentagon .
as a former pilot , the president was struck by the apparent sophistication of the [use] and some of the piloting , especially hanjour 's high-speed dive into the pentagon .

Originally titled `` Infinite Justice , '' the operation 's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan : '' Enduring Freedom . ''
originally titled `` infinite justice , '' the [use] 's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with god alone-to the operational name still used for operations in afghanistan : '' enduring freedom . ''

If military assistance might be needed , the Special Operations Command could be asked to develop an appropriate concept for such an operation .
if military assistance might be needed , the special operations command could be asked to develop an appropriate concept for such an [use] .

The operation itself would be planned in common .
the [use] itself would be planned in common .

Suspecting that this was a signal for Abu Hoshar to commence a terrorist operation , Jordanian police arrested Abu Hoshar and 15 others and informed Washington .
suspecting that this was a signal for abu hoshar to commence a terrorist [use] , jordanian police arrested abu hoshar and 15 others and informed washington .

Al Qaeda , and Bin Ladin himself , did have at least one operation of their very own in mind for the millennium period .
al qaeda , and bin ladin himself , did have at least one [use] of their very own in mind for the millennium period .

Al Qaeda 's `` planes operation '' was also coming along .
al qaeda 's `` planes [use] '' was also coming along .

Two more , Khallad and Abu Bara , went to Southeast Asia to case flights for the part of the operation that was supposed to unfold there .
two more , khallad and abu bara , went to southeast asia to case flights for the part of the [use] that was supposed to unfold there .

In the summer , the military refined its list of strikes and Special Operations possibilities to a set of 13 options within the Operation Infinite Resolve plan .
in the summer , the military refined its list of strikes and special operations possibilities to a set of 13 options within the [use] infinite resolve plan .

The plot , we now know , was a full-fledged al Qaeda operation , supervised directly by Bin Ladin .
the plot , we now know , was a full-fledged al qaeda [use] , supervised directly by bin ladin .

Nashiri was the field commander and managed the operation in Yemen .
nashiri was the field commander and managed the [use] in yemen .

As Deputy DCI John McLaughlin explained to us , it was not enough for the attack to smell , look , and taste like an al Qaeda operation .
as deputy dci john mclaughlin explained to us , it was not enough for the attack to smell , look , and taste like an al qaeda [use] .

The detainees said that Khallad helped direct the Cole operation from Afghanistan or Pakistan .
the detainees said that khallad helped direct the cole [use] from afghanistan or pakistan .

The information on outside sponsorship , support , and direction of the operation was inconclusive .
the information on outside sponsorship , support , and direction of the [use] was inconclusive .

In addition , the CIA detailed the timeline of the operation , from the mid-1999 preparations , to the failed attack on the USS The Sullivans on January 3 , 2000 , through a meeting held by the operatives the day before the attack .
in addition , the cia detailed the timeline of the [use] , from the mid-1999 preparations , to the failed attack on the uss the sullivans on january 3 , 2000 , through a meeting held by the operatives the day before the attack .

The CIA noted that the Yemenis claimed that Khallad helped direct the operation from Afghanistan or Pakistan , possibly as Bin Ladin 's intermediary , but that it had not seen the Yemeni evidence .
the cia noted that the yemenis claimed that khallad helped direct the [use] from afghanistan or pakistan , possibly as bin ladin 's intermediary , but that it had not seen the yemeni evidence .

Though the new officials were briefed about terrorism and some of the earlier planning , including that for Operation Infinite Resolve , they were focused , as Secretary Rumsfeld told us , on creating a twenty-first-century military .
though the new officials were briefed about terrorism and some of the earlier planning , including that for [use] infinite resolve , they were focused , as secretary rumsfeld told us , on creating a twenty-first-century military .

Al Qaeda leaders set up a Nairobi cell and used it to send weapons and trainers to the Somali warlords battling U.S. forces , an operation directly supervised by al Qaeda 's military leader .
al qaeda leaders set up a nairobi cell and used it to send weapons and trainers to the somali warlords battling u.s. forces , an [use] directly supervised by al qaeda 's military leader .

The operation was carried out principally , perhaps exclusively , by Saudi Hezbollah , an organization that had received support from the government of Iran .
the [use] was carried out principally , perhaps exclusively , by saudi hezbollah , an organization that had received support from the government of iran .

Sudan Becomes a Doubtful Haven Not until 1998 did al Qaeda undertake a major terrorist operation of its own , in large part because Bin Ladin lost his base in Sudan .
sudan becomes a doubtful haven not until 1998 did al qaeda undertake a major terrorist [use] of its own , in large part because bin ladin lost his base in sudan .

We will devote the most attention to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the chief manager of the `` planes operation . ''
we will devote the most attention to khalid sheikh mohammed , the chief manager of the `` planes [use] . ''

KSM does not appear to have contributed any more substantially to this operation .
ksm does not appear to have contributed any more substantially to this [use] .

This marked the first time KSM took part in the actual planning of a terrorist operation .
this marked the first time ksm took part in the actual planning of a terrorist [use] .

The plot unraveled after the Philippine authorities discovered Yousef 's bomb-making operation in Manila ; but by that time , KSM was safely back at his government job in Qatar .
the plot unraveled after the philippine authorities discovered yousef 's bomb-making [use] in manila ; but by that time , ksm was safely back at his government job in qatar .

KSM also presented a proposal for an operation that would involve training pilots who would crash planes into buildings in the United States .
ksm also presented a proposal for an [use] that would involve training pilots who would crash planes into buildings in the united states .

This proposal eventually would become the 9/11 operation .
this proposal eventually would become the 9/11 [use] .

He thought the operation might appeal to Bin Ladin , who had a long record of denouncing the United States .
he thought the [use] might appeal to bin ladin , who had a long record of denouncing the united states .

Bin Ladin , apparently at Atef 's urging , finally decided to give KSM the green light for the 9/11 operation sometime in late 1998 or early 1999 .
bin ladin , apparently at atef 's urging , finally decided to give ksm the green light for the 9/11 [use] sometime in late 1998 or early 1999 .

In addition to supervising the planning and preparations for the 9/11 operation , KSM worked with and eventually led al Qaeda 's media committee .
in addition to supervising the planning and preparations for the 9/11 [use] , ksm worked with and eventually led al qaeda 's media committee .

At this point , late 1998 to early 1999 , planning for the 9/11 operation began in earnest .
at this point , late 1998 to early 1999 , planning for the 9/11 [use] began in earnest .

Bin Ladin reportedly liked this proposal , but he instructed KSM to concentrate on the 9/11 operation first .
bin ladin reportedly liked this proposal , but he instructed ksm to concentrate on the 9/11 [use] first .

Nashiri has been similarly measured , observing that although KSM floated many general ideas for attacks , he rarely conceived a specific operation himself .
nashiri has been similarly measured , observing that although ksm floated many general ideas for attacks , he rarely conceived a specific [use] himself .

There , he says , the idea for his first terrorist operation took shape as he noticed many U.S. and other foreign ships plying the waters along the southwest coast of Yemen .
there , he says , the idea for his first terrorist [use] took shape as he noticed many u.s. and other foreign ships plying the waters along the southwest coast of yemen .

Nashiri reported directly to Bin Ladin , the only other person who , according to Nashiri , knew all the details of the operation .
nashiri reported directly to bin ladin , the only other person who , according to nashiri , knew all the details of the [use] .

THE `` PLANES OPERATION '' According to KSM , he started to think about attacking the United States after Yousef returned to Pakistan following the 1993 World Trade Center bombing .
the `` planes [use] '' according to ksm , he started to think about attacking the united states after yousef returned to pakistan following the 1993 world trade center bombing .

Atef 's role in the entire operation is unquestionably very significant but tends to fade into the background , in part because Atef himself is not available to describe it .
atef 's role in the entire [use] is unquestionably very significant but tends to fade into the background , in part because atef himself is not available to describe it .

The plot was now referred to within al Qaeda as the `` planes operation . ''
the plot was now referred to within al qaeda as the `` planes [use] . ''

The Plan Evolves Bin Ladin reportedly discussed the planes operation with KSM and Atef in a series of meetings in the spring of 1999 at the al Matar complex near Kandahar .
the plan evolves bin ladin reportedly discussed the planes [use] with ksm and atef in a series of meetings in the spring of 1999 at the al matar complex near kandahar .

During the al Matar meetings , Bin Ladin told KSM that Mihdhar and Hazmi were so eager to participate in an operation against the United States that they had already obtained U.S. visas .
during the al matar meetings , bin ladin told ksm that mihdhar and hazmi were so eager to participate in an [use] against the united states that they had already obtained u.s. visas .

By the time Hazmi and Mihdhar were assigned to the planes operation in early 1999 , they had visited Afghanistan on several occasions .
by the time hazmi and mihdhar were assigned to the planes [use] in early 1999 , they had visited afghanistan on several occasions .

Earlier in 1999 , Bin Ladin had sent Khallad to Yemen to help Nashiri obtain explosives for the planned ship-bombing and to obtain a visa to visit the United States , so that he could participate in an operation there .
earlier in 1999 , bin ladin had sent khallad to yemen to help nashiri obtain explosives for the planned ship-bombing and to obtain a visa to visit the united states , so that he could participate in an [use] there .

Khallad learned later that the al Qaeda leader , apparently concerned that Khallad might reveal Nashiri 's operation while under interrogation , had contacted a Yemeni official to demand Khallad 's release , suggesting that Bin Ladin would not confront the Yemenis if they did not confront him .
khallad learned later that the al qaeda leader , apparently concerned that khallad might reveal nashiri 's [use] while under interrogation , had contacted a yemeni official to demand khallad 's release , suggesting that bin ladin would not confront the yemenis if they did not confront him .

Although Khallad had been unable to acquire a U.S. visa , KSM still wanted him and Abu Bara , as well as another Yemeni operative from Bin Ladin 's security detail , to participate in the planes operation .
although khallad had been unable to acquire a u.s. visa , ksm still wanted him and abu bara , as well as another yemeni operative from bin ladin 's security detail , to participate in the planes [use] .

To overcome this problem , KSM decided to split the planes operation into two components .
to overcome this problem , ksm decided to split the planes [use] into two components .

This part of the operation has been confirmed by Khallad , who said that they contemplated hijacking several planes , probably originating in Thailand , South Korea , Hong Kong , or Malaysia , and using Yemenis who would not need pilot training because they would simply down the planes .
this part of the [use] has been confirmed by khallad , who said that they contemplated hijacking several planes , probably originating in thailand , south korea , hong kong , or malaysia , and using yemenis who would not need pilot training because they would simply down the planes .

Training and Deployment to Kuala Lumpur In the fall of 1999 , the four operatives selected by Bin Ladin for the planes operation were chosen to attend an elite training course at al Qaeda 's Mes Aynak camp in Afghanistan .
training and deployment to kuala lumpur in the fall of 1999 , the four operatives selected by bin ladin for the planes [use] were chosen to attend an elite training course at al qaeda 's mes aynak camp in afghanistan .

According to KSM , this training was not given specifically in preparation for the planes operation or any other particular al Qaeda venture .
according to ksm , this training was not given specifically in preparation for the planes [use] or any other particular al qaeda venture .

Much of his activity in mid-1999 had revolved around the collection of training and informational materials for the participants in the planes operation .
much of his activity in mid-1999 had revolved around the collection of training and informational materials for the participants in the planes [use] .

KSM says that he never met with Mihdhar in 1999 but assumed that Bin Ladin and Atef had briefed Mihdhar on the planes operation and had excused him from the Karachi training .
ksm says that he never met with mihdhar in 1999 but assumed that bin ladin and atef had briefed mihdhar on the planes [use] and had excused him from the karachi training .

According to KSM , the four operatives were aware that they had volunteered for a suicide operation , either in the United States or in Asia .
according to ksm , the four operatives were aware that they had volunteered for a suicide [use] , either in the united states or in asia .

Khallad admits being aware at the time that Hazmi and Mihdhar were involved in an operation involving planes in the United States but denies knowing details of the plan .
khallad admits being aware at the time that hazmi and mihdhar were involved in an [use] involving planes in the united states but denies knowing details of the plan .

While in Kuala Lumpur , Khallad wanted to go to Singapore to meet Nibras and Fahd al Quso , two of the operatives in Nashiri 's ship-bombing operation .
while in kuala lumpur , khallad wanted to go to singapore to meet nibras and fahd al quso , two of the operatives in nashiri 's ship-bombing [use] .

Bin Ladin canceled the East Asia part of the planes operation in the spring of 2000 .
bin ladin canceled the east asia part of the planes [use] in the spring of 2000 .

He evidently decided it would be too difficult to coordinate this attack with the operation in the United States .
he evidently decided it would be too difficult to coordinate this attack with the [use] in the united states .

Meanwhile , the next group of al Qaeda operatives destined for the planes operation had just surfaced in Afghanistan .
meanwhile , the next group of al qaeda operatives destined for the planes [use] had just surfaced in afghanistan .

THE HAMBURG CONTINGENT Although Bin Ladin , Atef , and KSM initially contemplated using established al Qaeda members to execute the planes operation , the late 1999 arrival in Kandahar of four aspiring jihadists from Germany suddenly presented a more attractive alternative .
the hamburg contingent although bin ladin , atef , and ksm initially contemplated using established al qaeda members to execute the planes [use] , the late 1999 arrival in kandahar of four aspiring jihadists from germany suddenly presented a more attractive alternative .

The Hamburg group shared the anti-U.S. fervor of the other candidates for the operation , but added the enormous advantages of fluency in English and familiarity with life in the West , based on years that each member of the group had spent living in Germany .
the hamburg group shared the anti-u.s. fervor of the other candidates for the [use] , but added the enormous advantages of fluency in english and familiarity with life in the west , based on years that each member of the group had spent living in germany .

When the four core members of the Hamburg cell left Germany to journey to Afghanistan late that year , it seems unlikely that they already knew about the planes operation ; no evidence connects them to al Qaeda before that time .
when the four core members of the hamburg cell left germany to journey to afghanistan late that year , it seems unlikely that they already knew about the planes [use] ; no evidence connects them to al qaeda before that time .

By this time , Binalshibh claims , he assumed he was volunteering for a martyrdom operation .
by this time , binalshibh claims , he assumed he was volunteering for a martyrdom [use] .

The new recruits also learned that an individual named Rabia al Makki ( Nawaf al Hazmi ) would be part of the operation .
the new recruits also learned that an individual named rabia al makki ( nawaf al hazmi ) would be part of the [use] .

It is clear , then , that Bin Ladin and Atef were very much in charge of the operation .
it is clear , then , that bin ladin and atef were very much in charge of the [use] .

Bin Ladin and Atef wasted no time in assigning the Hamburg group to the most ambitious operation yet planned by al Qaeda .
bin ladin and atef wasted no time in assigning the hamburg group to the most ambitious [use] yet planned by al qaeda .

Bin Ladin and Atef also plainly judged that Atta was best suited to be the tactical commander of the operation .
bin ladin and atef also plainly judged that atta was best suited to be the tactical commander of the [use] .

Preparing for the Operation In early 2000 , Atta , Jarrah , and Binalshibh returned to Hamburg .
preparing for the [use] in early 2000 , atta , jarrah , and binalshibh returned to hamburg .

If a particular funding source had dried up , al Qaeda could have easily tapped a different source or diverted funds from another project to fund an operation that cost $ 400,000- $ 500,000 over nearly two years .
if a particular funding source had dried up , al qaeda could have easily tapped a different source or diverted funds from another project to fund an [use] that cost $ 400,000- $ 500,000 over nearly two years .

Requirements for a Successful Attack As some of the core operatives prepared to leave for the United States , al Qaeda 's leaders could have reflected on what they needed to be able to do in order to organize and conduct a complex international terrorist operation to inflict catastrophic harm .
requirements for a successful attack as some of the core operatives prepared to leave for the united states , al qaeda 's leaders could have reflected on what they needed to be able to do in order to organize and conduct a complex international terrorist [use] to inflict catastrophic harm .

The information we have presented about the development of the planes operation shows how , by the spring and summer of 2000 , al Qaeda was able to meet these requirements .
the information we have presented about the development of the planes [use] shows how , by the spring and summer of 2000 , al qaeda was able to meet these requirements .

By late May 2000 , two operatives assigned to the planes operation were already in the United States .
by late may 2000 , two operatives assigned to the planes [use] were already in the united states .

One , a December 4 Presidential Daily Briefing for President Clinton ( reprinted in chapter 4 ) , brought the focus back to more traditional hostage taking ; it reported Bin Ladin 's involvement in planning a hijack operation to free prisoners such as the `` Blind Sheikh , '' Omar Abdel Rahman .
one , a december 4 presidential daily briefing for president clinton ( reprinted in chapter 4 ) , brought the focus back to more traditional hostage taking ; it reported bin ladin 's involvement in planning a hijack [use] to free prisoners such as the `` blind sheikh , '' omar abdel rahman .

After a solid recitation of all the information available on this topic , the paper identified a few principal scenarios , one of which was a `` suicide hijacking operation . ''
after a solid recitation of all the information available on this topic , the paper identified a few principal scenarios , one of which was a `` suicide hijacking [use] . ''

The FAA analysts judged such an operation unlikely , because `` it does not offer an opportunity for dialogue to achieve the key goal of obtaining Rahman and other key captive extremists .
the faa analysts judged such an [use] unlikely , because `` it does not offer an opportunity for dialogue to achieve the key goal of obtaining rahman and other key captive extremists .

The intelligence community might have judged that the risks of conducting such a prolonged intelligence operation were too high-potential terrorists might have been lost track of , for example .
the intelligence community might have judged that the risks of conducting such a prolonged intelligence [use] were too high-potential terrorists might have been lost track of , for example .

The pre- 9/11 FBI might not have been judged capable of conducting such an operation .
the pre- 9/11 fbi might not have been judged capable of conducting such an [use] .

The director of the Counterterrorist Center at the time , Cofer Black , recalled to us that this operation was one among many and that , at the time , it was `` considered interesting , but not heavy water yet . ''
the director of the counterterrorist center at the time , cofer black , recalled to us that this [use] was one among many and that , at the time , it was `` considered interesting , but not heavy water yet . ''

There was no conscious decision to stop the operation after the trail was temporarily lost in Bangkok .
there was no conscious decision to stop the [use] after the trail was temporarily lost in bangkok .

This aspect of KSM 's account is not credible , as it conflicts not just with Murad 's confession but also with physical evidence tying Murad to the very core of the plot , and with KSM 's own statements elsewhere that Murad was involved in planning and executing the operation .
this aspect of ksm 's account is not credible , as it conflicts not just with murad 's confession but also with physical evidence tying murad to the very core of the plot , and with ksm 's own statements elsewhere that murad was involved in planning and executing the [use] .

Intelligence reports , interrogations of KSM , Aug. 18 , 2003 ; Jan. 9 , 2004 ; Feb. 24 , 2004 ( in which KSM also claims that while he was in Qatar in February 1995 , he and Yousef consulted by telephone regarding the cargo carrier plan , and Yousef proceeded with the operation despite KSM 's advice that he hide instead ) .
intelligence reports , interrogations of ksm , aug. 18 , 2003 ; jan. 9 , 2004 ; feb. 24 , 2004 ( in which ksm also claims that while he was in qatar in february 1995 , he and yousef consulted by telephone regarding the cargo carrier plan , and yousef proceeded with the [use] despite ksm 's advice that he hide instead ) .

KSM 's presence in Bosnia coincided with a police station bombing in Zagreb where the timing device of the bomb ( a modified Casio watch ) resembled those manufactured by KSM and Yousef in the Philippines for the Manila air operation .
ksm 's presence in bosnia coincided with a police station bombing in zagreb where the timing device of the bomb ( a modified casio watch ) resembled those manufactured by ksm and yousef in the philippines for the manila air [use] .

With respect to KSM 's additional proposal to bomb cargo planes by shipping jackets containing nitrocellulose , KSM states that Bin Ladin expressed interest in changing the operation so that it would involve a suicide operative .
with respect to ksm 's additional proposal to bomb cargo planes by shipping jackets containing nitrocellulose , ksm states that bin ladin expressed interest in changing the [use] so that it would involve a suicide operative .

Although KSM says he would have accepted the support of another organization to stage a 9/11-type operation , there is no evidence he ever peddled this idea to any other group .
although ksm says he would have accepted the support of another organization to stage a 9/11-type [use] , there is no evidence he ever peddled this idea to any other group .

On Bin Ladin 's decision to approve 9/11 operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , Jan. 9 , 2004 .
on bin ladin 's decision to approve 9/11 [use] , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , jan. 9 , 2004 .

On the oath , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , Nov. 13 , 2003 ( in which KSM also claims his reluctance stemmed from a concern that he would lose the ability to persevere with the 9/11 operation should Bin Ladin subsequently decide to cancel it ) .
on the oath , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , nov. 13 , 2003 ( in which ksm also claims his reluctance stemmed from a concern that he would lose the ability to persevere with the 9/11 [use] should bin ladin subsequently decide to cancel it ) .

On a possible Southeast Asian operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of Hambali , Sept. 4 , 2003 .
on a possible southeast asian [use] , see intelligence report , interrogation of hambali , sept. 4 , 2003 .

On a possible U.S. operation , see Intelligence reports , interrogations of KSM , June 27 , 2003 ; July 14 , 2003 .
on a possible u.s. [use] , see intelligence reports , interrogations of ksm , june 27 , 2003 ; july 14 , 2003 .

On a possible Israeli operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , June 30 , 2003 .
on a possible israeli [use] , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , june 30 , 2003 .

On Hambali 's relationship with Bin Ladin , see Intelligence reports , interrogations of Hambali , Aug.29 , 2003 ; Sept. 5 , 2003 ( in which Hambali also explains his relationship with al Qaeda as follows : he received his marching orders from JI , but al Qaeda would lead any joint operation involving members of both organizations ) .
on hambali 's relationship with bin ladin , see intelligence reports , interrogations of hambali , aug.29 , 2003 ; sept. 5 , 2003 ( in which hambali also explains his relationship with al qaeda as follows : he received his marching orders from ji , but al qaeda would lead any joint [use] involving members of both organizations ) .

On Nashiri 's idea for his first terrorist operation and his travels , see Intelligence reports , interrogations of Nashiri , Nov. 21 , 2002 ; Dec. 26 , 2002 .
on nashiri 's idea for his first terrorist [use] and his travels , see intelligence reports , interrogations of nashiri , nov. 21 , 2002 ; dec. 26 , 2002 .

A detainee says that 9/11 hijacker Khalid al Mihdhar told him about the maritime operation sometime in late 1999 and credited Nashiri as its originator .
a detainee says that 9/11 hijacker khalid al mihdhar told him about the maritime [use] sometime in late 1999 and credited nashiri as its originator .

Nashiri claims not to have had any telephone or email contact with Bin Ladin while planning the Cole operation ; rather , whenever Bin Ladin wanted to meet , he would have an al Qaeda member travel to Pakistan to summon Nashiri by telephone .
nashiri claims not to have had any telephone or email contact with bin ladin while planning the cole [use] ; rather , whenever bin ladin wanted to meet , he would have an al qaeda member travel to pakistan to summon nashiri by telephone .

On the Limburg operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of Nashiri , May 21 , 2003 .
on the limburg [use] , see intelligence report , interrogation of nashiri , may 21 , 2003 .

Incidentally , KSM says he never discussed his idea for the planes operation with Murad , a person KSM regarded as a minor figure .
incidentally , ksm says he never discussed his idea for the planes [use] with murad , a person ksm regarded as a minor figure .

Abu Zubaydah , who worked closely with the al Qaeda leadership , has stated that KSM originally presented Bin Ladin with a scaled-down version of the 9/11 plan , and that Bin Ladin urged KSM to expand the operation with the comment , `` Why do you use an axe when you can use a bulldozer ? ''
abu zubaydah , who worked closely with the al qaeda leadership , has stated that ksm originally presented bin ladin with a scaled-down version of the 9/11 plan , and that bin ladin urged ksm to expand the [use] with the comment , `` why do you use an axe when you can use a bulldozer ? ''

KSM has admitted that his statement in a post-9/11 interview with Al Jazeera reporter Yosri Fouda-that an al Qaeda `` reconnaissance committee '' had identified 30 potential targets in the United States during the late 1990s-was a lie designed to inflate the perceived scale of the 9/11 operation .
ksm has admitted that his statement in a post-9/11 interview with al jazeera reporter yosri fouda-that an al qaeda `` reconnaissance committee '' had identified 30 potential targets in the united states during the late 1990s-was a lie designed to inflate the perceived scale of the 9/11 [use] .

KSM has also stated that he did not learn of the selection of Hazmi and Mihdhar for the planes operation until November 1999 .
ksm has also stated that he did not learn of the selection of hazmi and mihdhar for the planes [use] until november 1999 .

Nashiri has confirmed that Khallad had been assigned to help procure explosives for the ship-bombing plot , and that his arrest caused work on the operation to stop temporarily .
nashiri has confirmed that khallad had been assigned to help procure explosives for the ship-bombing plot , and that his arrest caused work on the [use] to stop temporarily .

For Saudis being chosen for the planes operation , see Intelligence reports , interrogations of KSM , Jan. 7 , 2004 ; Jan. 23 , 2004 .
for saudis being chosen for the planes [use] , see intelligence reports , interrogations of ksm , jan. 7 , 2004 ; jan. 23 , 2004 .

For KSM 's splitting the operation into two parts , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , Aug. 18 , 2003 ; Intelligence report , interrogation of Khallad , Apr .
for ksm 's splitting the [use] into two parts , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , aug. 18 , 2003 ; intelligence report , interrogation of khallad , apr .

For the second part of the operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , Aug. 18 .
for the second part of the [use] , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , aug. 18 .

Khallad maintains that Abu Bara did not participate in the casing operation and simply traveled to Kuala Lumpur as Khallad 's companion .
khallad maintains that abu bara did not participate in the casing [use] and simply traveled to kuala lumpur as khallad 's companion .

For Khallad 's discussions with Hazmi and Khallad 's knowledge of the operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of Khallad , July 31 , 2003 .
for khallad 's discussions with hazmi and khallad 's knowledge of the [use] , see intelligence report , interrogation of khallad , july 31 , 2003 .

Khallad has identified contradictory purposes for the money : a donation to charities benefiting amputees , see Intelligence report , interrogation of Khallad , Aug.8,2003 ; and to advance the ship-bombing operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of Khallad , Jan. 7 , 2004 .
khallad has identified contradictory purposes for the money : a donation to charities benefiting amputees , see intelligence report , interrogation of khallad , aug.8,2003 ; and to advance the ship-bombing [use] , see intelligence report , interrogation of khallad , jan. 7 , 2004 .

Given the separate reporting from KSM that he gave Hazmi and Mihdhar $ 8,000 each before they traveled to the United States , we have insufficient evidence to conclude that the Nibras/Quso money helped finance the planes operation .
given the separate reporting from ksm that he gave hazmi and mihdhar $ 8,000 each before they traveled to the united states , we have insufficient evidence to conclude that the nibras/quso money helped finance the planes [use] .

For Bin Ladin 's cancellation of the East Asian operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , Aug. 18 , 2003 .
for bin ladin 's cancellation of the east asian [use] , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , aug. 18 , 2003 .

Atta reportedly had between two and five meetings with Bin Ladin before leaving Kandahar and was the only 9/11 hijacker who knew the entire scope of the operation from the outset .
atta reportedly had between two and five meetings with bin ladin before leaving kandahar and was the only 9/11 hijacker who knew the entire scope of the [use] from the outset .

Despite substantial evidence to the contrary and his own assertion that Bin Ladin arrived in Afghanistan with no money , KSM has told his interrogators that he believes the bulk of the money ( 85-95 percent ) for the planes operation came from Bin Ladin 's personal fortune .
despite substantial evidence to the contrary and his own assertion that bin ladin arrived in afghanistan with no money , ksm has told his interrogators that he believes the bulk of the money ( 85-95 percent ) for the planes [use] came from bin ladin 's personal fortune .

Our investigation has uncovered no evidence that the 9/11 conspirators employed hawala as a means to move the money that funded the operation .
our investigation has uncovered no evidence that the 9/11 conspirators employed hawala as a means to move the money that funded the [use] .

DOD briefing materials , Joint Chiefs of Staff , `` Operation Infinite Resolve Brief , '' June 2000 .
dod briefing materials , joint chiefs of staff , `` [use] infinite resolve brief , '' june 2000 .

For the 13 options , see also DOD briefing materials , Operation Infinite Resolve Contingency Plan Brief , undated .
for the 13 options , see also dod briefing materials , [use] infinite resolve contingency plan brief , undated .

DOD letter , Cooter to Alec B. , '' Continued Flight Operations , '' Nov. 14 , 2000 ( attached to CIA memo , Black to DCI and others , Predator Operation , Nov. 17 , 2000 ) .
dod letter , cooter to alec b. , '' continued flight operations , '' nov. 14 , 2000 ( attached to cia memo , black to dci and others , predator [use] , nov. 17 , 2000 ) .

For the cargo planes operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of detainee , Apr .
for the cargo planes [use] , see intelligence report , interrogation of detainee , apr .

For Hanjour 's meeting KSM , experience in the camp , and incorporation into the 9/11 operation , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , Feb. 20 , 2004 .
for hanjour 's meeting ksm , experience in the camp , and incorporation into the 9/11 [use] , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , feb. 20 , 2004 .

Khallad agrees about the recruit pool , but also argues that operatives ' ethnicity was important for symbolic reasons , citing the Nairobi and Dar es Salaam embassy bombings and the planes operation as examples .
khallad agrees about the recruit pool , but also argues that operatives ' ethnicity was important for symbolic reasons , citing the nairobi and dar es salaam embassy bombings and the planes [use] as examples .

In the planes operation , Khallad notes , Bin Ladin selected operatives from Mecca ( Mihdhar and the Hazmi brothers ) and would have used more had they been available .
in the planes [use] , khallad notes , bin ladin selected operatives from mecca ( mihdhar and the hazmi brothers ) and would have used more had they been available .

Khallad claims he also encouraged Salem al Hazmi to participate in a suicide operation .
khallad claims he also encouraged salem al hazmi to participate in a suicide [use] .

Starting at 8:22 , Amy Sweeney attempted by airphone to contact the American Airlines flight services office at Logan , which managed the scheduling and operation of flight attendants .
starting at 8:22 , amy sweeney attempted by airphone to contact the american airlines flight services office at logan , which managed the scheduling and [use] of flight attendants .

The probable time frame allows for speeds consistent with the observed operation of the airplane prior to its final maneuvers and crash , as well as for maneuvers and slowing in the D.C. area to take aim .
the probable time frame allows for speeds consistent with the observed [use] of the airplane prior to its final maneuvers and crash , as well as for maneuvers and slowing in the d.c. area to take aim .

No Sanctuaries The 9/11 attack was a complex international operation , the product of years of planning .
no sanctuaries the 9/11 attack was a complex international [use] , the product of years of planning .

A complex international terrorist operation aimed at launching a catastrophic attack can not be mounted by just anyone in any place .
a complex international terrorist [use] aimed at launching a catastrophic attack can not be mounted by just anyone in any place .

There is no evidence that the hijackers manipulated passenger levels or purchased additional seats to facilitate their operation .
there is no evidence that the hijackers manipulated passenger levels or purchased additional seats to facilitate their [use] .

These could be very small disease outbreaks , for example , due to spoiled food eaten by only a few people , or they could be artifacts caused by , for example , changes in the hours of operation at an emergency department or coding differences between the emergency department triage nurses .
these could be very small disease outbreaks , for example , due to spoiled food eaten by only a few people , or they could be artifacts caused by , for example , changes in the hours of [use] at an emergency department or coding differences between the emergency department triage nurses .

We do not have the resources to do so , and agree with Bero and colleagues that “ an elaborate policing operation is not feasible or necessarily desirable ” [ 9 ] .
we do not have the resources to do so , and agree with bero and colleagues that “ an elaborate policing [use] is not feasible or necessarily desirable ” [ 9 ] .

The cost of such an operation could be quite minimal , and the bureaucracy and review process could be equally simple .
the cost of such an [use] could be quite minimal , and the bureaucracy and review process could be equally simple .

Guidance may be forthcoming , however , from the World Health Organization Framework Convention on Tobacco Control , which began operation in February 2005 as an international treaty aimed at controlling tobacco packaging , marketing , and use [ 61 ] .
guidance may be forthcoming , however , from the world health organization framework convention on tobacco control , which began [use] in february 2005 as an international treaty aimed at controlling tobacco packaging , marketing , and use [ 61 ] .

In a mature microfluidic device with push-button operation , results should be available in less than 10 min , and thus can be used to make real-time clinical decisions at the point of care .
in a mature microfluidic device with push-button [use] , results should be available in less than 10 min , and thus can be used to make real-time clinical decisions at the point of care .

He says , “ They do n't look like the normal antibiotic , so that 's why I think they 're fairly unique. ” The basic research was done under a grant from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , the United States Department of Defense 's ( DOD ) central research and development organization , and once the researchers realized they wanted to develop drugs against three agents that have been considered bioterrorism threats — Brucella , tularensis , and anthrax — they established a separate operation , Anacor Pharmaceuticals , which is developing them with DOD funding and without Shapiro .
he says , “ they do n't look like the normal antibiotic , so that 's why i think they 're fairly unique. ” the basic research was done under a grant from the defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) , the united states department of defense 's ( dod ) central research and development organization , and once the researchers realized they wanted to develop drugs against three agents that have been considered bioterrorism threats — brucella , tularensis , and anthrax — they established a separate [use] , anacor pharmaceuticals , which is developing them with dod funding and without shapiro .

Next Steps Far , we have described a shoestring operation that exists mainly on the Web .
next steps far , we have described a shoestring [use] that exists mainly on the web .

Each row takes inputs from the row immediately below , and sends the operation outputs to the row immediately above .
each row takes inputs from the row immediately below , and sends the [use] outputs to the row immediately above .

Teresa Morehead , a biology major , was serving on a hospital ship in Operation Desert Storm .
teresa morehead , a biology major , was serving on a hospital ship in [use] desert storm .

We have many needs , both for the overall operation of the Department , and for special programs like DING FEST .
we have many needs , both for the overall [use] of the department , and for special programs like ding fest .

Joseph in contemplation : `` The Cloud of Unknowing is the cloud of electrons around the nucleus -- here/not here , energy/matter -- either , depending on what 's happening , the universe 's rules of operation .
joseph in contemplation : `` the cloud of unknowing is the cloud of electrons around the nucleus -- here/not here , energy/matter -- either , depending on what 's happening , the universe 's rules of [use] .

The woman wo n't go until her father gets the cash for his operation . ''
the woman wo n't go until her father gets the cash for his [use] . ''

Operation Good Shepherd When Timmy gets the call from his half-brother in Cleveland , he is in Oslo , having a cigarette outside the Munchmuseet in an empty park next to a freeway .
[use] good shepherd when timmy gets the call from his half-brother in cleveland , he is in oslo , having a cigarette outside the munchmuseet in an empty park next to a freeway .

It is taboo for a Gikuyu man or woman to have sexual relations with someone who has not undergone this operation .
it is taboo for a gikuyu man or woman to have sexual relations with someone who has not undergone this [use] .

The phone is programmed to put you in touch with the persons who contracted for this operation .
the phone is programmed to put you in touch with the persons who contracted for this [use] .

In 2002 , Kiowas were deployed as part of NATO 's SFOR forces in Bosnia and , in 2003 , 120 Kiowas were deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom .
in 2002 , kiowas were deployed as part of nato 's sfor forces in bosnia and , in 2003 , 120 kiowas were deployed in support of [use] iraqi freedom .

The Los Angeles Times leads with Boris Yeltsin 's blunt reaction to President Clinton 's criticism of Russia 's Chechnya operation : Do n't forget that Moscow has a vast nuclear arsenal .
the los angeles times leads with boris yeltsin 's blunt reaction to president clinton 's criticism of russia 's chechnya [use] : do n't forget that moscow has a vast nuclear arsenal .

The LAT calls Yeltsin 's comments , which came while he was in China to win support for the Chechnya operation , an `` outburst , '' and compares it to Nikita Kruschev 's `` We will bury you . ''
the lat calls yeltsin 's comments , which came while he was in china to win support for the chechnya [use] , an `` outburst , '' and compares it to nikita kruschev 's `` we will bury you . ''

USAT , the WP , and LAT front ( while the NYT stuffs ) the fascinating spy story unfolding in Washington , where the day before yesterday it was announced that a career Russian intelligence officer was sent packing after being caught engaging in an eavesdropping operation against the State Department .
usat , the wp , and lat front ( while the nyt stuffs ) the fascinating spy story unfolding in washington , where the day before yesterday it was announced that a career russian intelligence officer was sent packing after being caught engaging in an eavesdropping [use] against the state department .

Pistone , who dislikes the officious superiors in his FBI `` family , '' boasts of having his hooks in Lefty , but comes to dread ( and delay ) the moment when he 'll be pulled out of Operation Donnie Brasco and called upon to bring about his mentor 's demise .
pistone , who dislikes the officious superiors in his fbi `` family , '' boasts of having his hooks in lefty , but comes to dread ( and delay ) the moment when he 'll be pulled out of [use] donnie brasco and called upon to bring about his mentor 's demise .

The BBC , which is adding five people to its 10-person Web operation , plans to provide live audio and video streams on election night .
the bbc , which is adding five people to its 10-person web [use] , plans to provide live audio and video streams on election night .

Clinton also noted for the first time , says the Times , that his lawyers and reelection campaign had hired two private investigators , Terry Lenzner and Jack Palladino -- though Clinton insists that their investigation was not the `` White House Secret Police Operation '' to scrutinize Clinton 's opponents that Morris has alleged .
clinton also noted for the first time , says the times , that his lawyers and reelection campaign had hired two private investigators , terry lenzner and jack palladino -- though clinton insists that their investigation was not the `` white house secret police [use] '' to scrutinize clinton 's opponents that morris has alleged .

The Post goes on to say that the November plan that the current operation was apparently spun out of projected 10,000 Iraqi dead , most of them combatants .
the post goes on to say that the november plan that the current [use] was apparently spun out of projected 10,000 iraqi dead , most of them combatants .

The NYT adds that Rep. Gerald Solomon was `` furious in accusing the president of using the Iraqi air strikes as a political foil to impeachment , '' and that former Bush Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger said the operation 's timing `` smells to high heaven . ''
the nyt adds that rep. gerald solomon was `` furious in accusing the president of using the iraqi air strikes as a political foil to impeachment , '' and that former bush secretary of state lawrence eagleburger said the [use] 's timing `` smells to high heaven . ''

Leave it to William Safire 's column to notice that the U.S. name for the operation , `` Desert Fox , '' was the nickname for a `` Nazi-era German general . ''
leave it to william safire 's column to notice that the u.s. name for the [use] , `` desert fox , '' was the nickname for a `` nazi-era german general . ''

Everybody dutifully reports that one factor in the timing of the operation 's onset was the U.S. desire to avoid beginning an operation during the Muslim holiday of Ramadan , which starts this weekend .
everybody dutifully reports that one factor in the timing of the [use] 's onset was the u.s. desire to avoid beginning an [use] during the muslim holiday of ramadan , which starts this weekend .

This is a result of the INS ' beefing up of its Operation Gatekeeper , which targets illegal entries from Mexico into the San Diego area .
this is a result of the ins ' beefing up of its [use] gatekeeper , which targets illegal entries from mexico into the san diego area .

In particular , he argues , economic sanctions against Iraq are less likely to be enforced by member countries of the U.N. A `` Week in Review '' article in the Times describes how the Iraq operation came to be named after Nazi general Erwin Rommel : Under Pentagon protocol , the military command planning the operation had to call it Operation Desert [ something beginning with `` s '' or `` f '' ] .
in particular , he argues , economic sanctions against iraq are less likely to be enforced by member countries of the u.n. a `` week in review '' article in the times describes how the iraq [use] came to be named after nazi general erwin rommel : under pentagon protocol , the military command planning the [use] had to call it [use] desert [ something beginning with `` s '' or `` f '' ] .

The papers report that in the first two days of the Iraq operation , there were no U.S. casualties , and that in Baghdad , officials are claiming that at least 25 Iraqis have died .
the papers report that in the first two days of the iraq [use] , there were no u.s. casualties , and that in baghdad , officials are claiming that at least 25 iraqis have died .

For those wondering how long Kenneth Starr 's operation could stay in business , the WP runs a story inside about the independent counsel appointed to look into conflict of interest charges against Eli Segal , a one-time Clinton national service advisor .
for those wondering how long kenneth starr 's [use] could stay in business , the wp runs a story inside about the independent counsel appointed to look into conflict of interest charges against eli segal , a one-time clinton national service advisor .

Both it and the WP cite their own polls ' finding that about 80 percent of the American people approve of the just-concluded Iraq operation .
both it and the wp cite their own polls ' finding that about 80 percent of the american people approve of the just-concluded iraq [use] .

The WP cites an anonymous law enforcement official in making the claim that possible links between Ressam and anti-American militant Osama bin Laden are being pursued , and quotes an anonymous Clinton administration official , saying `` this was not a run-of-the-mill operation ...
the wp cites an anonymous law enforcement official in making the claim that possible links between ressam and anti-american militant osama bin laden are being pursued , and quotes an anonymous clinton administration official , saying `` this was not a run-of-the-mill [use] ...

At issue : The administration is debating whether it is worse to give loans to an operation generally thought to be shady , or risk jeopardize already strained relations with the Kremlin .
at issue : the administration is debating whether it is worse to give loans to an [use] generally thought to be shady , or risk jeopardize already strained relations with the kremlin .

Yes , the paper explains , the New York operation benefits Hillary Clinton -- to the tune of `` several hundred thousand dollars . ''
yes , the paper explains , the new york [use] benefits hillary clinton -- to the tune of `` several hundred thousand dollars . ''

Washington is angry about Russia 's criticisms of Operation Desert Fox , while Moscow is angry with the United States for boycotting Russian research centers as a punishment for them allegedly having supplied nuclear missile technology to Iran .
washington is angry about russia 's criticisms of [use] desert fox , while moscow is angry with the united states for boycotting russian research centers as a punishment for them allegedly having supplied nuclear missile technology to iran .

You shut down the operation .
you shut down the [use] .

The whip , who knows he lacks the charm and cooperative instincts required for speakership , will be able to run his operation quietly , behind closed doors .
the whip , who knows he lacks the charm and cooperative instincts required for speakership , will be able to run his [use] quietly , behind closed doors .

You shut down the operation .
you shut down the [use] .

In its Thursday edition , the Herald led with a revelation that Australian military officers working as U.N. arms inspectors in Baghdad had placed and operated spying devices that were later used by the U.S. to select targets for Operation Desert Fox .
in its thursday edition , the herald led with a revelation that australian military officers working as u.n. arms inspectors in baghdad had placed and operated spying devices that were later used by the u.s. to select targets for [use] desert fox .

The Pan-Arab al-Quds al-Arabi said that the closing statement issued at the Arab foreign ministers ' meeting had been `` woefully inadequate '' and , by failing to condemn Operation Desert Fox , had made it possible for the United States to claim Arab support for further military action .
the pan-arab al-quds al-arabi said that the closing statement issued at the arab foreign ministers ' meeting had been `` woefully inadequate '' and , by failing to condemn [use] desert fox , had made it possible for the united states to claim arab support for further military action .

Staros is ultimately sent packing , and Malick never bothers to trace the effect of his action on the Guadalcanal operation .
staros is ultimately sent packing , and malick never bothers to trace the effect of his action on the guadalcanal [use] .

This may refer to a slightly different aspect of his operation , but any friend of Mick 's ...
this may refer to a slightly different aspect of his [use] , but any friend of mick 's ...

Critics are down on this based-on-a-true-Oliver-Sacks-story of a man ( Val Kilmer ) who regains his sight after an operation encouraged by his sighted girlfriend ( Mira Sorvino ) .
critics are down on this based-on-a-true-oliver-sacks-story of a man ( val kilmer ) who regains his sight after an [use] encouraged by his sighted girlfriend ( mira sorvino ) .

Yeltsin 's surgeon suggested that the Russian president 's heart had suffered so much damage that it might not survive an urgently needed bypass operation .
yeltsin 's surgeon suggested that the russian president 's heart had suffered so much damage that it might not survive an urgently needed bypass [use] .

In fact , with just 2.73 million pounds in its first eight months of operation , it 's probably smaller than most .
in fact , with just 2.73 million pounds in its first eight months of [use] , it 's probably smaller than most .

There is the common ritual of `` medical clearance for surgery , '' where the `` meddie '' basically blesses the operation and is allowed to share responsibility , despite the fact that the note is rarely read and the recommendations are often ignored .
there is the common ritual of `` medical clearance for surgery , '' where the `` meddie '' basically blesses the [use] and is allowed to share responsibility , despite the fact that the note is rarely read and the recommendations are often ignored .

A less than virtuous practice that is not unheard of is to hustle the patient of a failing operation out of the OR to avoid `` dying on the table . ''
a less than virtuous practice that is not unheard of is to hustle the patient of a failing [use] out of the or to avoid `` dying on the table . ''

In other words , Bush is arguing that Exley 's Web site -- a one-man operation started on a lark -- should fall into the same legal category as the Willie Horton ads run against Michael Dukakis in 1988 .
in other words , bush is arguing that exley 's web site -- a one-man [use] started on a lark -- should fall into the same legal category as the willie horton ads run against michael dukakis in 1988 .

In this case , she , not an independent counsel , supervised the operation and the probes , and she settled for cursory answers .
in this case , she , not an independent counsel , supervised the [use] and the probes , and she settled for cursory answers .

Flight deck crews do not focus on passenger survival because they are responsible for the overall aircraft systems operation and are the crew members least likely to survive a traumatic event .
flight deck crews do not focus on passenger survival because they are responsible for the overall aircraft systems [use] and are the crew members least likely to survive a traumatic event .

He also told some women that he was going to get a sex-change operation and others that he was a hermaphrodite , a fact that his mother denies .
he also told some women that he was going to get a sex-change [use] and others that he was a hermaphrodite , a fact that his mother denies .

In addition to its shift from manufacturing to service , GE is changing from an American company into a truly international operation .
in addition to its shift from manufacturing to service , ge is changing from an american company into a truly international [use] .

Part of the `` mission '' of the operation is `` to help advance the personal and professional growth of the members and employees of the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation through business-driven educational development . ''
part of the `` mission '' of the [use] is `` to help advance the personal and professional growth of the members and employees of the mashantucket pequot tribal nation through business-driven educational development . ''

Operation Vanguard subpoenas personnel records and uses the information to target workers for deportation .
[use] vanguard subpoenas personnel records and uses the information to target workers for deportation .

The piece argues that the operation is deviously designed to lower wages .
the piece argues that the [use] is deviously designed to lower wages .

After all , the previous Republican administrations had sent troops into Somalia for humanitarian reasons , and yet the operation was largely a failure .
after all , the previous republican administrations had sent troops into somalia for humanitarian reasons , and yet the [use] was largely a failure .

He added that the move was in keeping with the relevant U.N. Security Council resolution `` because instead of a U.N. operation , a NATO operation had got under way .
he added that the move was in keeping with the relevant u.n. security council resolution `` because instead of a u.n. [use] , a nato [use] had got under way .

By one estimate , video poker supplied more than 70 percent of Democratic gubernatorial candidate Jim Hodges ' war chest , plus another million from a single poker operator on his own anti-Beasley operation , plus another million or more in soft money for the Democratic Party .
by one estimate , video poker supplied more than 70 percent of democratic gubernatorial candidate jim hodges ' war chest , plus another million from a single poker operator on his own anti-beasley [use] , plus another million or more in soft money for the democratic party .

The paper said : `` By taking on the organization of the referendum , the U.N. implicitly guaranteed not only the security of the voting operation but also that of the voters in the aftermath of the poll .
the paper said : `` by taking on the organization of the referendum , the u.n. implicitly guaranteed not only the security of the voting [use] but also that of the voters in the aftermath of the poll .

When Pedro Medina 's head caught fire during his March 1997 execution , the Florida Supreme Court ordered the Department of Corrections to write down its electric chair protocol , previously just a folksy word-of-mouth operation in Q Wing .
when pedro medina 's head caught fire during his march 1997 execution , the florida supreme court ordered the department of corrections to write down its electric chair protocol , previously just a folksy word-of-mouth [use] in q wing .

Investors bought a brilliant company : Omnimedia -- a Web site , mail-order operation , two TV shows , two magazines , Kmart partnership , and 27 books -- netted $ 24 million last year from the gospel of Martha .
investors bought a brilliant company : omnimedia -- a web site , mail-order [use] , two tv shows , two magazines , kmart partnership , and 27 books -- netted $ 24 million last year from the gospel of martha .

The Globe weighed in with a story titled `` How Courteney beat blindness , '' which included the touching detail that Cox awoke from the operation sobbing , `` Oh my God , I can see ! ''
the globe weighed in with a story titled `` how courteney beat blindness , '' which included the touching detail that cox awoke from the [use] sobbing , `` oh my god , i can see ! ''

Monday 's U.N. spin : This operation could be a cakewalk .
monday 's u.n. spin : this [use] could be a cakewalk .

The daily Moskovsky Komsomolets , which is anti-Yeltsin , reported a rumor that next week President Yeltsin is to undergo a secret operation , which he may not survive .
the daily moskovsky komsomolets , which is anti-yeltsin , reported a rumor that next week president yeltsin is to undergo a secret [use] , which he may not survive .

The plan , called Operation Horseshoe , was devised by a high-ranking general and carried out by teams of paramilitaries , special police , and nationalistic locals .
the plan , called [use] horseshoe , was devised by a high-ranking general and carried out by teams of paramilitaries , special police , and nationalistic locals .

Of course I 've written off this friendship , but am I within the limits of proper behavior to demand reimbursement for Kitty 's operation ?
of course i 've written off this friendship , but am i within the limits of proper behavior to demand reimbursement for kitty 's [use] ?

Do we really want to ghettoize rural Internet service as a welfare operation when the best telecommunications policy seems to be to let the market work instead ?
do we really want to ghettoize rural internet service as a welfare [use] when the best telecommunications policy seems to be to let the market work instead ?

Usually , this results in friendly warnings -- such as `` Illegal Operation '' for Windows users or the lovely picture of a bomb for Macintosh users .
usually , this results in friendly warnings -- such as `` illegal [use] '' for windows users or the lovely picture of a bomb for macintosh users .

Actually , it 's not that simple an operation .
actually , it 's not that simple an [use] .

The Russian government has cloaked the operation in secrecy , saying only that ground fighting is already underway , and indeed , says the Post , that some Russian troops had been fighting just inside the Chechen border for two weeks .
the russian government has cloaked the [use] in secrecy , saying only that ground fighting is already underway , and indeed , says the post , that some russian troops had been fighting just inside the chechen border for two weeks .

We have Tony Coelho , then warring advisers , Carter Eskew , Gore sleepwalking through a clumsy spendthrift campaign operation , and now ... Donna Brazile .
we have tony coelho , then warring advisers , carter eskew , gore sleepwalking through a clumsy spendthrift campaign [use] , and now ... donna brazile .

The United States will contribute logistical support to the operation , but no combat troops .
the united states will contribute logistical support to the [use] , but no combat troops .

OK , so they were annoying , but there are crack houses that have enjoyed continuous operation during the years that the mayor has been after the squeegee men .
ok , so they were annoying , but there are crack houses that have enjoyed continuous [use] during the years that the mayor has been after the squeegee men .

This in the face of much Puerto Rican sentiment against the continued operation of the base , which has been particularly strong since April , when one Puerto Rican guard was killed by a stray bomb from a Marine jet .
this in the face of much puerto rican sentiment against the continued [use] of the base , which has been particularly strong since april , when one puerto rican guard was killed by a stray bomb from a marine jet .

Weisberg further implies that there 's something wrong with Jackson 's Operation Push negotiating agreements with corporations that included monitoring arrangements .
weisberg further implies that there 's something wrong with jackson 's [use] push negotiating agreements with corporations that included monitoring arrangements .

Most of Alexis ' business did not involve any relationship with Operation Push .
most of alexis ' business did not involve any relationship with [use] push .

Whenever you write an article about your parent company or a firm that has a financial stake in your operation , I think you should have the courtesy to 1 ) keep your comments neutral and 2 ) make an explicit reference to the connection .
whenever you write an article about your parent company or a firm that has a financial stake in your [use] , i think you should have the courtesy to 1 ) keep your comments neutral and 2 ) make an explicit reference to the connection .

The most ridiculed proposal is `` Body , '' a gargantuan naked human people can walk through , observing the operation of the internal organs as in a Rogers building .
the most ridiculed proposal is `` body , '' a gargantuan naked human people can walk through , observing the [use] of the internal organs as in a rogers building .

Most European newspapers pointed up the `` euphoria '' in the stock markets or , as La Repubblica put it , `` Sexgate : Failed Operation . ''
most european newspapers pointed up the `` euphoria '' in the stock markets or , as la repubblica put it , `` sexgate : failed [use] . ''

Despite the incitement of former Operation Rescue head Randall Terry to fight `` this monstrous evil , '' Barnes & Noble continues to do something .
despite the incitement of former [use] rescue head randall terry to fight `` this monstrous evil , '' barnes & noble continues to do something .

That should be evident not only by the high correlation between accidents and alcohol consumption , but also by the other major factors causing boat accidents -- excessive speed , careless or reckless operation , inattention to what 's looming up ahead , inexperience .
that should be evident not only by the high correlation between accidents and alcohol consumption , but also by the other major factors causing boat accidents -- excessive speed , careless or reckless [use] , inattention to what 's looming up ahead , inexperience .

The NYT 's Waco lead also mentions that a House committee that 's starting its own investigation is said to be interested in what role the Army 's Delta Force may have played in the operation .
the nyt 's waco lead also mentions that a house committee that 's starting its own investigation is said to be interested in what role the army 's delta force may have played in the [use] .

In their best-known operation , Delta troops assisted in the failed attempt to free American hostages from Iran in 1980 .
in their best-known [use] , delta troops assisted in the failed attempt to free american hostages from iran in 1980 .

The Post reports that a 10-member U.S. military team arrived in Australia to help plan for an East Timor operation .
the post reports that a 10-member u.s. military team arrived in australia to help plan for an east timor [use] .

The Post adds that in court documents , FBI officials stated that no videotape existed covering the phase of the operation when , it turns out , Rogers ' directive was issued .
the post adds that in court documents , fbi officials stated that no videotape existed covering the phase of the [use] when , it turns out , rogers ' directive was issued .

The NYT `` Money & Business '' section profiles Mikhail Khodorkovsky , whose companies are being investigated in relation to the Bank of New York money-laundering operation .
the nyt `` money & business '' section profiles mikhail khodorkovsky , whose companies are being investigated in relation to the bank of new york money-laundering [use] .

Time exposes a new problem for surgery patients , called `` awareness '' : Patients wake up from anesthesia during the operation .
time exposes a new problem for surgery patients , called `` awareness '' : patients wake up from anesthesia during the [use] .

Originally licensed by the Russian government to establish a Russian diamond industry , the operation deteriorated when the diamond dealer ( a Russian immigrant ) began taking millions for himself .
originally licensed by the russian government to establish a russian diamond industry , the [use] deteriorated when the diamond dealer ( a russian immigrant ) began taking millions for himself .

Nor does it matter whether , as in the case of a Smith-Corona factory , the employer had already planned to move the operation to Mexico ; all that counts is that the move was made and that it cost U.S. jobs at some time after NAFTA became law .
nor does it matter whether , as in the case of a smith-corona factory , the employer had already planned to move the [use] to mexico ; all that counts is that the move was made and that it cost u.s. jobs at some time after nafta became law .

If granny needed an operation , there went the tuition for junior 's college .
if granny needed an [use] , there went the tuition for junior 's college .

The other guiding principles of the Master P operation are volume and speed .
the other guiding principles of the master p [use] are volume and speed .

Death Row was run more like a criminal operation than a real business , with huge , suspicious cash payments ; shoddy accounting ; and management by intimidation .
death row was run more like a criminal [use] than a real business , with huge , suspicious cash payments ; shoddy accounting ; and management by intimidation .

He conceives of football as a military operation .
he conceives of football as a military [use] .

Murdoch 's British satellite-TV operation , BSkyB , shattered the BBC 's near monopoly on programming .
murdoch 's british satellite-tv [use] , bskyb , shattered the bbc 's near monopoly on programming .

The men spliced into the LIPA power lines not to avoid paying for electricity but to avoid the huge electric bills , about $ 50,000 over 13 months , that would have called attention to their operation .
the men spliced into the lipa power lines not to avoid paying for electricity but to avoid the huge electric bills , about $ 50,000 over 13 months , that would have called attention to their [use] .

A two-year sting operation nabbed dozens of American Airlines ramp workers , employees of Sky Chef ( a food catering service used by American ) , and a handful of INS and customs officials .
a two-year sting [use] nabbed dozens of american airlines ramp workers , employees of sky chef ( a food catering service used by american ) , and a handful of ins and customs officials .

Elsewhere in the same paper , however , writer Zvi Bar'el sounded a more negative note : `` In the absence of precise intelligence , the administration has ... adopted two general methods of operation : bombing targets of some kind ... and imposing sanctions .
elsewhere in the same paper , however , writer zvi bar'el sounded a more negative note : `` in the absence of precise intelligence , the administration has ... adopted two general methods of [use] : bombing targets of some kind ... and imposing sanctions .

In La Stampa of Turin , Boris Biancheri , an Italian ex-ambassador to both the United States and Britain , accused the United States of `` giving world public opinion the impression that the showdown with Iraq reflected not so much respect for U.N. resolutions as a wish to end a match with Saddam Hussein that had been left unfinished by Operation Desert Storm . ''
in la stampa of turin , boris biancheri , an italian ex-ambassador to both the united states and britain , accused the united states of `` giving world public opinion the impression that the showdown with iraq reflected not so much respect for u.n. resolutions as a wish to end a match with saddam hussein that had been left unfinished by [use] desert storm . ''

In an editorial Wednesday , it condemned `` an operation that will end up by hurting the Iraqi people much more than it will hurt Saddam Hussein . ''
in an editorial wednesday , it condemned `` an [use] that will end up by hurting the iraqi people much more than it will hurt saddam hussein . ''

The Israeli weekly Jerusalem Report claimed that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had recently considered putting into operation a secret plan to murder Hussein that was drawn up , then shelved , in 1991 .
the israeli weekly jerusalem report claimed that prime minister benjamin netanyahu had recently considered putting into [use] a secret plan to murder hussein that was drawn up , then shelved , in 1991 .

It 's a staple of the assassination attempt coverage to call this operation the worst blunder in Mossad 's history .
it 's a staple of the assassination attempt coverage to call this [use] the worst blunder in mossad 's history .

As first reported in the Times recently , federal prosecutors in Manhattan have busted a nationwide cheating operation on graduate school and ESL exams .
as first reported in the times recently , federal prosecutors in manhattan have busted a nationwide cheating [use] on graduate school and esl exams .

The New York Times leads with a story on Iranian spies infiltrating a U.S. operation in Bosnia .
the new york times leads with a story on iranian spies infiltrating a u.s. [use] in bosnia .

The LAT leads with an exclusive : that a `` rogue operation '' of officials within the ATF accelerated the approval of import permits for 150,000 modified assault weapons so that the guns could be sold legally , despite the officials ' full awareness of President Clinton 's clear intent to keep such guns out of the country .
the lat leads with an exclusive : that a `` rogue [use] '' of officials within the atf accelerated the approval of import permits for 150,000 modified assault weapons so that the guns could be sold legally , despite the officials ' full awareness of president clinton 's clear intent to keep such guns out of the country .

The depo makes it clear that Ickes is n't exactly spilling his guts on the White House fund-raising operation .
the depo makes it clear that ickes is n't exactly spilling his guts on the white house fund-raising [use] .

The Times also covers the fundraising scandal in its lead editorial , which says that in light of all the recent revelations , Janet Reno 's continued failure to call for an special counsel `` looks like a political blocking operation to protect President Clinton and Mr .
the times also covers the fundraising scandal in its lead editorial , which says that in light of all the recent revelations , janet reno 's continued failure to call for an special counsel `` looks like a political blocking [use] to protect president clinton and mr .

The Washington Post leads with the possible resignation of the D.C. Police Chief : The chief was caught leasing a luxury apartment for less than half its fair price ( his roommate , another officer , told the landlord they needed the space for an undercover operation ) .
the washington post leads with the possible resignation of the d.c. police chief : the chief was caught leasing a luxury apartment for less than half its fair price ( his roommate , another officer , told the landlord they needed the space for an undercover [use] ) .

Look for the Pentagon to call its next use of force `` Operation Only Objected to by Draft-Dodging Reporters , '' and do n't be surprised when next summer 's would-be blockbuster is called `` The Best Movie You 'll Ever See . ''
look for the pentagon to call its next use of force `` [use] only objected to by draft-dodging reporters , '' and do n't be surprised when next summer 's would-be blockbuster is called `` the best movie you 'll ever see . ''

Jackson pere is quite famous for starting organizations such as Chicago 's Operation PUSH and not keeping them especially solvent .
jackson pere is quite famous for starting organizations such as chicago 's [use] push and not keeping them especially solvent .

The Times ends its lead with a helpful explanation : Setting up a security council force rather than a `` full-dress '' peacekeeping operation is essential to the Clinton strategy because of congressional restraints on American participation and funding in operations of the latter sort .
the times ends its lead with a helpful explanation : setting up a security council force rather than a `` full-dress '' peacekeeping [use] is essential to the clinton strategy because of congressional restraints on american participation and funding in operations of the latter sort .

Why have America 's Arab allies from Operation Desert Storm been so skittish about a sequel ?
why have america 's arab allies from [use] desert storm been so skittish about a sequel ?

The Cartier operation kept its jewels on the move .
the cartier [use] kept its jewels on the move .

There are shots aplenty from times of war and protest : the curve of a fighter jet ; Iwo Jima , in black and white ; a Black Panther 's finger snap ; battlefield comradeship ; a civil-rights clash ; the dun and dunes of what appears to be Operation Desert Storm ; an anti-Vietnam War rally ; then the Vietnam War Memorial , in sunset silhouette .
there are shots aplenty from times of war and protest : the curve of a fighter jet ; iwo jima , in black and white ; a black panther 's finger snap ; battlefield comradeship ; a civil-rights clash ; the dun and dunes of what appears to be [use] desert storm ; an anti-vietnam war rally ; then the vietnam war memorial , in sunset silhouette .

U.S. policy-makers often find the operation of Chinese politics quite incomprehensible , but Chinese officials must find the United States equally perplexing .
u.s. policy-makers often find the [use] of chinese politics quite incomprehensible , but chinese officials must find the united states equally perplexing .

Chancellor John White had announced that he would shut down the money-losing operation .
chancellor john white had announced that he would shut down the money-losing [use] .

Culturebox poses this paradoxical question apropos of the continuing fallout from CNN 's controversial newsmagazine segment on `` Operation Tailwind . ''
culturebox poses this paradoxical question apropos of the continuing fallout from cnn 's controversial newsmagazine segment on `` [use] tailwind . ''

When you need a serious operation , I bet you 'll be going to Beth Israel , and not Tokyo General .
when you need a serious [use] , i bet you 'll be going to beth israel , and not tokyo general .

Extreme fighting was tarnished when fighters from the other ultimate fighting operation , the now-defunct Battlecade , were arrested for violating Canadian prizefighting laws when they fought on an Indian reservation outside Montreal .
extreme fighting was tarnished when fighters from the other ultimate fighting [use] , the now-defunct battlecade , were arrested for violating canadian prizefighting laws when they fought on an indian reservation outside montreal .

Time 's `` Mormons , Inc. '' cover story details the riches of the church founded by Joseph Smith : It values the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ' assets ( which include the country 's biggest cattle operation ) at $ 30 billion .
time 's `` mormons , inc. '' cover story details the riches of the church founded by joseph smith : it values the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ' assets ( which include the country 's biggest cattle [use] ) at $ 30 billion .

The cover story chronicles a 46-year-old woman 's heart transplant , from her diagnosis to the `` harvesting '' of her new heart to the operation itself .
the cover story chronicles a 46-year-old woman 's heart transplant , from her diagnosis to the `` harvesting '' of her new heart to the [use] itself .

Very possibly one that will achieve the same results as an assassination without itself being banned by U.S. policy because the operation was n't designed to be one -- wink , wink , nudge , nudge . )
very possibly one that will achieve the same results as an assassination without itself being banned by u.s. policy because the [use] was n't designed to be one -- wink , wink , nudge , nudge . )

The New York Times goes with Madeleine Albright 's attempt to line up Saudi support for any U.S. military operation against Iraq .
the new york times goes with madeleine albright 's attempt to line up saudi support for any u.s. military [use] against iraq .

The paper reports , only one actual flight trial of the entire system is planned before the administration must decide whether or not to place it in operation .
the paper reports , only one actual flight trial of the entire system is planned before the administration must decide whether or not to place it in [use] .

The Los Angeles Times lead is the latest account of U.S. efforts to line up allies ' support for a military operation against Iraq , while the New York Times lead covers the DOD 's broad description to Congress of what such an operation might entail .
the los angeles times lead is the latest account of u.s. efforts to line up allies ' support for a military [use] against iraq , while the new york times lead covers the dod 's broad description to congress of what such an [use] might entail .

Reno had to approve his transfer to a U.S. Attorney 's job in San Diego and so has , says the paper , once again `` snookered ... citizens who wanted a full investigation of the most corrupt campaign fund-raising operation since Watergate . ''
reno had to approve his transfer to a u.s. attorney 's job in san diego and so has , says the paper , once again `` snookered ... citizens who wanted a full investigation of the most corrupt campaign fund-raising [use] since watergate . ''

The NYT front reports that an FBI undercover operation in New York , prompted by a tip from celebrated Chinese exiled dissident Harry Wu , has produced the arrest of two men for trying to sell organs from the bodies of executed Chinese prisoners .
the nyt front reports that an fbi undercover [use] in new york , prompted by a tip from celebrated chinese exiled dissident harry wu , has produced the arrest of two men for trying to sell organs from the bodies of executed chinese prisoners .

The national edition of the New York Times leads with a U.S.-British operation that 's currently relocating nuclear material from the nation of Georgia to England to keep it out of the hands of Iran , Chechen gangs or aspiring nuclear powers .
the national edition of the new york times leads with a u.s.-british [use] that 's currently relocating nuclear material from the nation of georgia to england to keep it out of the hands of iran , chechen gangs or aspiring nuclear powers .

The three anti-abortion organizers found in effect to be racketeers are active in Operation Rescue and/or the Pro-Life Action League .
the three anti-abortion organizers found in effect to be racketeers are active in [use] rescue and/or the pro-life action league .

Today , it does a little better in running an interesting Thomas Ricks profile of the current Iraqi operation 's top dog , Gen. Anthony Zinni .
today , it does a little better in running an interesting thomas ricks profile of the current iraqi [use] 's top dog , gen. anthony zinni .

Operation Rescue reps joined pro-choice advocates in condemning the action .
[use] rescue reps joined pro-choice advocates in condemning the action .

USAT 's `` Money '' section brings word that the chemical company FMC is in serious talks with the federal government and Shoshone-Bannock Indian reps to settle a lawsuit alleging that FMC 's fifty-year-old shale extraction operation at the tribe 's southeastern Idaho reservation has left a significant number of Native Americans with lung cancer and other respiratory illnesses .
usat 's `` money '' section brings word that the chemical company fmc is in serious talks with the federal government and shoshone-bannock indian reps to settle a lawsuit alleging that fmc 's fifty-year-old shale extraction [use] at the tribe 's southeastern idaho reservation has left a significant number of native americans with lung cancer and other respiratory illnesses .

The movie 's Flynt stops his drug use cold turkey after a 1983 operation to cauterize his nerves , suggesting he had shot up only to alleviate his physical pain .
the movie 's flynt stops his drug use cold turkey after a 1983 [use] to cauterize his nerves , suggesting he had shot up only to alleviate his physical pain .

Flynt himself says in his recent autobiography , An Unseemly Man , that he continued self-medicating even after his wife overdosed -- indeed , until after his most recent nerve-cauterizing operation , which was in March 1994 .
flynt himself says in his recent autobiography , an unseemly man , that he continued self-medicating even after his wife overdosed -- indeed , until after his most recent nerve-cauterizing [use] , which was in march 1994 .

When the film begins , in the early '30s , he ( played by Tim Roth ) is a white Prohibition beer baron who has muscled his way into the neighborhood numbers racket , shutting down competitors or forcing them to join his operation .
when the film begins , in the early '30s , he ( played by tim roth ) is a white prohibition beer baron who has muscled his way into the neighborhood numbers racket , shutting down competitors or forcing them to join his [use] .

Meanwhile , powerful mobster Lucky Luciano ( Andy Garcia ) worries that Schultz 's numbers-racket war may be bringing too much attention to bear on organized crime ; even as he continues to do business with Schultz , he schemes to take over the latter 's operation .
meanwhile , powerful mobster lucky luciano ( andy garcia ) worries that schultz 's numbers-racket war may be bringing too much attention to bear on organized crime ; even as he continues to do business with schultz , he schemes to take over the latter 's [use] .

The Milliken Men -- even the classy-looking operation at ESI -- have repeatedly .
the milliken men -- even the classy-looking [use] at esi -- have repeatedly .

I would be hard pressed to think of a single economist not actually employed by an anti-environmental lobbying operation who believes that the United States should protect the environment less , not more , than it currently does .
i would be hard pressed to think of a single economist not actually employed by an anti-environmental lobbying [use] who believes that the united states should protect the environment less , not more , than it currently does .

The NYT front weighs in with the second part of its series airing charges that Operation Smile , a charity that sends plastic surgeons to poor countries to do pro bono facial operations on deformed children , is guilty of shoddy medical practices due to an emphasis on volume and publicity .
the nyt front weighs in with the second part of its series airing charges that [use] smile , a charity that sends plastic surgeons to poor countries to do pro bono facial operations on deformed children , is guilty of shoddy medical practices due to an emphasis on volume and publicity .

Although cleft lip and palate surgeries are considered low-risk , the Times says Operation Smile has had 16 deaths doing them since it started in 1982 , three of them in China .
although cleft lip and palate surgeries are considered low-risk , the times says [use] smile has had 16 deaths doing them since it started in 1982 , three of them in china .

Since Mrs. Clinton herself appears to have no sense of humor , plus an intense sense of entitlement , plus a ham-handed campaign operation , she 'll make an ideal target -- big , slow-moving , profusely bleeding .
since mrs. clinton herself appears to have no sense of humor , plus an intense sense of entitlement , plus a ham-handed campaign [use] , she 'll make an ideal target -- big , slow-moving , profusely bleeding .

The WP reports that the implementation of various energy-efficient measures has saved taxpayers nearly $ 1.4 million in the operation of the White House since 1993 .
the wp reports that the implementation of various energy-efficient measures has saved taxpayers nearly $ 1.4 million in the [use] of the white house since 1993 .

The mules peek curiously at the surgical operation in progress , one of the strange and inexplicable rituals of humans at war .
the mules peek curiously at the surgical [use] in progress , one of the strange and inexplicable rituals of humans at war .

He returned to Paris only when a severe stomach ulcer condition necessitated a last-minute operation .
he returned to paris only when a severe stomach ulcer condition necessitated a last-minute [use] .

In his telling , as in Chambers ' , Roosevelt , Truman , and American liberals in general `` willfully '' refused to mount a full-scale espionage operation against the Russians in the war years ( when the two nations were allies ) .
in his telling , as in chambers ' , roosevelt , truman , and american liberals in general `` willfully '' refused to mount a full-scale espionage [use] against the russians in the war years ( when the two nations were allies ) .

In fact , completely against type , she acquires an active role in the operation .
in fact , completely against type , she acquires an active role in the [use] .

Reich tells the story of how Rockefeller got wind one day of a scheme to get the president to eliminate his ( Rockefeller 's ) operation at the State Department .
reich tells the story of how rockefeller got wind one day of a scheme to get the president to eliminate his ( rockefeller 's ) [use] at the state department .

Is the Taylorized home front quite the downsized operation she describes ?
is the taylorized home front quite the downsized [use] she describes ?

The NYT notes that when a similar smuggling operation was recently uncovered in China , the ringleaders were sentenced to death .
the nyt notes that when a similar smuggling [use] was recently uncovered in china , the ringleaders were sentenced to death .

That 's not because playing the house 's role in a gambling operation requires Feynmanian genius .
that 's not because playing the house 's role in a gambling [use] requires feynmanian genius .

Legislators argue that castration is justified and appropriate , and that by controlling sex offenders ' irresistible urges to rape or molest again , the operation allows them to be released without endangering the public .
legislators argue that castration is justified and appropriate , and that by controlling sex offenders ' irresistible urges to rape or molest again , the [use] allows them to be released without endangering the public .

It does n't have 10 people in its corporate headquarters running the whole operation .
it does n't have 10 people in its corporate headquarters running the whole [use] .

Every family is a for-profit operation .
every family is a for-profit [use] .

In 1946 , the AFL-CIO launched `` Operation Dixie , '' an abortive attempt to organize the entire region , but it collapsed when unions proved more interested in raiding other unions for members than in organizing new workers .
in 1946 , the afl-cio launched `` [use] dixie , '' an abortive attempt to organize the entire region , but it collapsed when unions proved more interested in raiding other unions for members than in organizing new workers .

When you 're faced with a dying patient or a difficult operation , adrenalin focuses your mind and marshals your energy .
when you 're faced with a dying patient or a difficult [use] , adrenalin focuses your mind and marshals your energy .

Yet everything about the IPO process -- from spinning to the fact that shares are distributed mainly to large institutional clients to the fact that some investors are fed information before the IPO that other investors never see -- works against the market 's efficient operation .
yet everything about the ipo process -- from spinning to the fact that shares are distributed mainly to large institutional clients to the fact that some investors are fed information before the ipo that other investors never see -- works against the market 's efficient [use] .

Consider this classified ad from Ruth Sparrow , a 55-year-old woman who was $ 20,000 short for a needed gallbladder operation , which ran in the May 17 , 1997 , St. Petersburg Times under `` medical supplies '' : `` KIDNEY -- Runs good , Taking offers .
consider this classified ad from ruth sparrow , a 55-year-old woman who was $ 20,000 short for a needed gallbladder [use] , which ran in the may 17 , 1997 , st. petersburg times under `` medical supplies '' : `` kidney -- runs good , taking offers .

Ireland has lambasted McCartney for speaking at Operation Rescue rallies years ago and for promoting a Colorado ballot measure that would have restricted laws protecting gay rights .
ireland has lambasted mccartney for speaking at [use] rescue rallies years ago and for promoting a colorado ballot measure that would have restricted laws protecting gay rights .

PK President Randy Phillips urged men at the Washington assembly to set aside politics and focus on God , but Operation Rescue and the FRC showed up to distribute pamphlets .
pk president randy phillips urged men at the washington assembly to set aside politics and focus on god , but [use] rescue and the frc showed up to distribute pamphlets .

I rue the day when they strap me down for my inevitable bypass operation .
i rue the day when they strap me down for my inevitable bypass [use] .

Republicans are preparing to invest $ 5 million in their Web operation , dubbed e.GOP.They may open a satellite office in the heart of Silicon Valley .
republicans are preparing to invest $ 5 million in their web [use] , dubbed e.gop.they may open a satellite office in the heart of silicon valley .

As long as Indian casinos are only a few hours away , giving your credit card number to a distant and foreign Internet operation might not be worth the risk .
as long as indian casinos are only a few hours away , giving your credit card number to a distant and foreign internet [use] might not be worth the risk .

It 's all due to the operation of `` kin selection '' during evolution .
it 's all due to the [use] of `` kin selection '' during evolution .

Allegedly drafted by Yugoslav generals , the plan , code-named `` Operation Horseshoe , '' was reportedly approved by Slobodan Milosevic even before the February peace talks in Rambouillet fell through .
allegedly drafted by yugoslav generals , the plan , code-named `` [use] horseshoe , '' was reportedly approved by slobodan milosevic even before the february peace talks in rambouillet fell through .

The Taleban government in Afghanistan , which India does not recognize , would also oppose any such Indian operation . ''
the taleban government in afghanistan , which india does not recognize , would also oppose any such indian [use] . ''

The Pan-Arab Al-Quds Al-Arabi said Tuesday that the U.S. and British bombings were virtually a repeat of Operation Desert Storm except that they were conducted in slow motion so as to deflect media attention and thus avoid an Arab backlash like the one that followed last December 's campaign .
the pan-arab al-quds al-arabi said tuesday that the u.s. and british bombings were virtually a repeat of [use] desert storm except that they were conducted in slow motion so as to deflect media attention and thus avoid an arab backlash like the one that followed last december 's campaign .

People afflicted with illnesses that have not made the funding cut ( particularly a group with the Monty Pythonesque name of Not Dead ) are irate that a lifesaving operation in the territory around No .
people afflicted with illnesses that have not made the funding cut ( particularly a group with the monty pythonesque name of not dead ) are irate that a lifesaving [use] in the territory around no .

A conspiracy theorist might infer that in helping to sink Tower , Shearer was already acting as the cat 's paw of a Democratic dirty tricks operation -- or , at least , that the Tower affair whetted his appetite for political dirt-digging and skullduggery .
a conspiracy theorist might infer that in helping to sink tower , shearer was already acting as the cat 's paw of a democratic dirty tricks [use] -- or , at least , that the tower affair whetted his appetite for political dirt-digging and skullduggery .

He said , `` To use outdated street maps for an operation of this kind beggars belief . ''
he said , `` to use outdated street maps for an [use] of this kind beggars belief . ''

Others have said that since this is a NATO operation , it 's different -- although the principle is the same whether its one nation or 19 that are fighting .
others have said that since this is a nato [use] , it 's different -- although the principle is the same whether its one nation or 19 that are fighting .

D'Alema 's claim Thursday that `` the first NATO operation has induced the Serbs to suspend their military offensive against the civilian population of Kosovo '' was thoroughly discredited by reports from journalists on the scene of increased Serb brutality against the Albanian Kosovars .
d'alema 's claim thursday that `` the first nato [use] has induced the serbs to suspend their military offensive against the civilian population of kosovo '' was thoroughly discredited by reports from journalists on the scene of increased serb brutality against the albanian kosovars .

These folks have opposed every American military operation from Grenada to the Gulf War .
these folks have opposed every american military [use] from grenada to the gulf war .

The issue , once again , is not the plausibility of the operation but the esteem of Uncle Sam and confidence in America 's military omnipotence .
the issue , once again , is not the plausibility of the [use] but the esteem of uncle sam and confidence in america 's military omnipotence .

According to the April 12 U.S. News & World Report , this is what the Joint Chiefs of Staff concluded before the Kosovo operation : `` If we bomb ... we will eliminate Milosevic 's domestic opposition , and he will become a hero .
according to the april 12 u.s. news & world report , this is what the joint chiefs of staff concluded before the kosovo [use] : `` if we bomb ... we will eliminate milosevic 's domestic opposition , and he will become a hero .

The military is ( theoretically ) a nonpolitical institution , but as soon as the operation went south , the military abandoned its nonpolitical façade to protect itself .
the military is ( theoretically ) a nonpolitical institution , but as soon as the [use] went south , the military abandoned its nonpolitical façade to protect itself .

The leaks suggest to our NATO allies that the U.S. military is n't seriously engaged in the operation .
the leaks suggest to our nato allies that the u.s. military is n't seriously engaged in the [use] .

Mohammad Noureddin , a leading Arab expert on Turkish affairs , told the London-based Mideast Mirror news service Tuesday that Ocalan 's `` handover to Turkey by Greece via U.S. intelligence suggests that Washington may be poised for a major operation in Iraq in which it needs to enlist Ankara . ''
mohammad noureddin , a leading arab expert on turkish affairs , told the london-based mideast mirror news service tuesday that ocalan 's `` handover to turkey by greece via u.s. intelligence suggests that washington may be poised for a major [use] in iraq in which it needs to enlist ankara . ''

For those of you asking highly technical questions concerning the operation of your personal computers , let it be known across the land that the Shopping Avenger still writes on papyrus .
for those of you asking highly technical questions concerning the [use] of your personal computers , let it be known across the land that the shopping avenger still writes on papyrus .

Merrill Lynch will introduce an online discount trading operation .
merrill lynch will introduce an online discount trading [use] .

Spin 3 ) By the time the operation is up in December , Merrill will already have lost out to scrappier , more nimble competitors .
spin 3 ) by the time the [use] is up in december , merrill will already have lost out to scrappier , more nimble competitors .

The cover story argues that NATO has been more a relief organization than a military force in the Kosovo crisis , sheltering and protecting the displaced as the U.N. relief operation became mired in bureaucracy .
the cover story argues that nato has been more a relief organization than a military force in the kosovo crisis , sheltering and protecting the displaced as the u.n. relief [use] became mired in bureaucracy .

Nevertheless , U.S. officials assert that the helicopters and Army soldiers are `` an expansion of the air operation , '' `` supporting the air campaign , '' and `` not a ground force . ''
nevertheless , u.s. officials assert that the helicopters and army soldiers are `` an expansion of the air [use] , '' `` supporting the air campaign , '' and `` not a ground force . ''

As the name suggests , it controls the fundamental operation of your computer : things like how to read documents from a disk and send them to a printer .
as the name suggests , it controls the fundamental [use] of your computer : things like how to read documents from a disk and send them to a printer .

The piece explores the radicalization of anti-abortion extremists , who have moved from Operation Rescue 's nonviolent principles to the Army of God Manual , which instructs activists on violent action .
the piece explores the radicalization of anti-abortion extremists , who have moved from [use] rescue 's nonviolent principles to the army of god manual , which instructs activists on violent action .

The night Operation Allied Force began , Primakov , en route to the United States for loan negotiations , turned his plane around in midair , losing the money but gaining immense popularity at home .
the night [use] allied force began , primakov , en route to the united states for loan negotiations , turned his plane around in midair , losing the money but gaining immense popularity at home .

The game is published by the Microgame Co-op , a small operation run by a Canadian named Kerry Anderson .
the game is published by the microgame co-op , a small [use] run by a canadian named kerry anderson .

If the operation goes awry , Congress can load all the blame on the president .
if the [use] goes awry , congress can load all the blame on the president .

If the operation goes well , the president takes all the credit anyway .
if the [use] goes well , the president takes all the credit anyway .

It is no coincidence that the Iraq war , the only recent military engagement preceded by a vigorous national debate , was also an operation that Americans supported wholeheartedly .
it is no coincidence that the iraq war , the only recent military engagement preceded by a vigorous national debate , was also an [use] that americans supported wholeheartedly .

He thought he could defeat the KLA in a short , five-to-seven days ' operation .
he thought he could defeat the kla in a short , five-to-seven days ' [use] .

He concluded , `` Over the longer term , the argument with Russia may cast a pall over further enlargement of Nato -- 'collateral damage ' of the operation against Serbia before it started . ''
he concluded , `` over the longer term , the argument with russia may cast a pall over further enlargement of nato -- 'collateral damage ' of the [use] against serbia before it started . ''

Secondary Virginity -- is n't that some appalling operation the Taliban forces on women as an alternative to being stoned to death ?
secondary virginity -- is n't that some appalling [use] the taliban forces on women as an alternative to being stoned to death ?

Eager to assassinate Saddam Hussein -- and supported by presidential orders -- the CIA hijacked the intelligence operation designed by the U.N. Special Commission for Iraq to track Iraq 's weapons development , thus destroying UNSCOM 's credibility .
eager to assassinate saddam hussein -- and supported by presidential orders -- the cia hijacked the intelligence [use] designed by the u.n. special commission for iraq to track iraq 's weapons development , thus destroying unscom 's credibility .

An exposé headlined `` DWB '' ( Driving While Black ) slams Operation Pipeline -- a Drug Enforcement Administration-sponsored program to catch drug `` mules '' -- which effectively targets minorities .
an exposé headlined `` dwb '' ( driving while black ) slams [use] pipeline -- a drug enforcement administration-sponsored program to catch drug `` mules '' -- which effectively targets minorities .

The operation was carried out by stealth to avoid exposing the then Communist regime of East Germany to charges of desecration .
the [use] was carried out by stealth to avoid exposing the then communist regime of east germany to charges of desecration .

When asked this weekend why the United States was withholding helicopters , Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Hugh Shelton and NATO spokesman Shea answered with mumbo jumbo about `` training , '' `` operational matters , '' `` procedural matters , '' and the `` moving parts '' of a `` complex operation . ''
when asked this weekend why the united states was withholding helicopters , joint chiefs chairman gen. hugh shelton and nato spokesman shea answered with mumbo jumbo about `` training , '' `` operational matters , '' `` procedural matters , '' and the `` moving parts '' of a `` complex [use] . ''

Five years ago I had a radical prostate operation that left me impotent .
five years ago i had a radical prostate [use] that left me impotent .

The assaults on plausibility began in the first frames of Con Air , as Nicolas Cage 's character returned home from Operation Desert Storm in a tugboat , and did not subside until Sam Neill mutated into some kind of space devil at the end of Event Horizon , whereupon his face inexplicably broke out in a crosshatched design that made him look like a slab of grilled ahi tuna .
the assaults on plausibility began in the first frames of con air , as nicolas cage 's character returned home from [use] desert storm in a tugboat , and did not subside until sam neill mutated into some kind of space devil at the end of event horizon , whereupon his face inexplicably broke out in a crosshatched design that made him look like a slab of grilled ahi tuna .

The first operation started in 1979 .
the first [use] started in 1979 .

After Munich , for example , it killed Black September 's most important operatives , forcing the group out of operation by the end of the '70s .
after munich , for example , it killed black september 's most important operatives , forcing the group out of [use] by the end of the '70s .

At the turn of the century , the Mafia attempted to replicate its Sicilian operation throughout Western Europe and America .
at the turn of the century , the mafia attempted to replicate its sicilian [use] throughout western europe and america .

In addition , China has grown increasingly concerned over the disparity between Taiwan 's sophisticated Washington lobbying and public-relations operation and its own piecemeal setup .
in addition , china has grown increasingly concerned over the disparity between taiwan 's sophisticated washington lobbying and public-relations [use] and its own piecemeal setup .

The size of the operation is immense -- USPS handles 41 percent of the world 's mail volume , more than the next six nations combined .
the size of the [use] is immense -- usps handles 41 percent of the world 's mail volume , more than the next six nations combined .

Near the top of the Time version , the story says that the chairman of the Joint Chiefs at the time , Adm. Thomas Moorer , `` confirmed the use of sarin in the Laotian operation . ''
near the top of the time version , the story says that the chairman of the joint chiefs at the time , adm. thomas moorer , `` confirmed the use of sarin in the laotian [use] . ''

Microsoft is funding the start-up costs of Slate as a business proposition and is happy to continue doing so as a business proposition , but has no justification for asking its shareholders to subsidize a permanently money-losing operation .
microsoft is funding the start-up costs of slate as a business proposition and is happy to continue doing so as a business proposition , but has no justification for asking its shareholders to subsidize a permanently money-losing [use] .

Microsoft 's D.C. office , with three full-time lobbyists , has been in operation since early 1995 .
microsoft 's d.c. office , with three full-time lobbyists , has been in [use] since early 1995 .

Declassified documents revealed new details about `` Operation Mongoose , '' the campaign to murder and otherwise annoy Fidel Castro .
declassified documents revealed new details about `` [use] mongoose , '' the campaign to murder and otherwise annoy fidel castro .

Several palatial chambers and corridors in the 18 th century Hôtel Crillon were given over to the operation ; they were packed with rows of golden chairs leaving a serpentine passage for the parade , and surrounded by banks of lights and ranks of camerapeople .
several palatial chambers and corridors in the 18 th century hôtel crillon were given over to the [use] ; they were packed with rows of golden chairs leaving a serpentine passage for the parade , and surrounded by banks of lights and ranks of camerapeople .

Another interesting Mexico story today ( played big on the front by the NYT , which carried the watershed vote inside ) : it seems that Mexico 's most wanted drug dealer , on the lam since February , died after a nine-hour plastic surgery operation .
another interesting mexico story today ( played big on the front by the nyt , which carried the watershed vote inside ) : it seems that mexico 's most wanted drug dealer , on the lam since february , died after a nine-hour plastic surgery [use] .

The operation was for extensive facial reconstruction to change the wanted man 's appearance , and also for liposuction .
the [use] was for extensive facial reconstruction to change the wanted man 's appearance , and also for liposuction .

The Los Angeles Times leads instead with yesterday 's revelation from the Senate 's campaign fund-raising hearings that two California entrepreneurs got $ 650,000 via separate wire transfers from banks in China and Japan within days of making major donations to the Democratic Party , and relegates the Bosnian operation to a little box below the fold .
the los angeles times leads instead with yesterday 's revelation from the senate 's campaign fund-raising hearings that two california entrepreneurs got $ 650,000 via separate wire transfers from banks in china and japan within days of making major donations to the democratic party , and relegates the bosnian [use] to a little box below the fold .

Back to the Bosnian operation : The NYT says that the captured man was taken at the hospital where he worked by British troops who entered `` under cover . ''
back to the bosnian [use] : the nyt says that the captured man was taken at the hospital where he worked by british troops who entered `` under cover . ''

Reconstructionists dominate the pro-life group , Operation Rescue .
reconstructionists dominate the pro-life group , [use] rescue .

As Bernard says , `` The labor movement is eternally in danger of becoming a Contracts ' R ' Us operation that only services its existing members .
as bernard says , `` the labor movement is eternally in danger of becoming a contracts ' r ' us [use] that only services its existing members .

Typical of a large-scale kiddie-cash operation are the Bransons of Dallas ( No .
typical of a large-scale kiddie-cash [use] are the bransons of dallas ( no .

Not surprisingly , then , Fannie Mae 's public-relations operation is unparalleled in Washington .
not surprisingly , then , fannie mae 's public-relations [use] is unparalleled in washington .

She also admits telling Lewinsky the lie that she was turning over on Monica because Tripp had also been the target of a Ken Starr sting operation .
she also admits telling lewinsky the lie that she was turning over on monica because tripp had also been the target of a ken starr sting [use] .

Later in the day , after what the Post describes as the VP 's `` frantic '' phone calls back to company HQ , he changed his account to say that the software in the video really did have the browser removed , but that the screen tag usually signifying browser operation had mistakenly not been removed .
later in the day , after what the post describes as the vp 's `` frantic '' phone calls back to company hq , he changed his account to say that the software in the video really did have the browser removed , but that the screen tag usually signifying browser [use] had mistakenly not been removed .

The story also reveals that some of the UN inspectors suspected U.S. hanky panky , as did an Iranian spy in Baghdad , whose radio message about the operation was intercepted by British intelligence .
the story also reveals that some of the un inspectors suspected u.s. hanky panky , as did an iranian spy in baghdad , whose radio message about the [use] was intercepted by british intelligence .

The report does say that physicians should respect opting for the operation on religious or cultural grounds .
the report does say that physicians should respect opting for the [use] on religious or cultural grounds .

The LAT runs a front-page story on the matter that says the government denies that it ever placed spies on the UNSCOM staff , although the story also says the take of the eavesdropping operation almost certainly helped the Pentagon plan last month 's bombing campaign .
the lat runs a front-page story on the matter that says the government denies that it ever placed spies on the unscom staff , although the story also says the take of the eavesdropping [use] almost certainly helped the pentagon plan last month 's bombing campaign .

The NYT and the WP note that Reno 's newest inquiry is the third different DOJ look at a White House operation initiated in the past two weeks .
the nyt and the wp note that reno 's newest inquiry is the third different doj look at a white house [use] initiated in the past two weeks .

The NYT says the operation was the most formidable ever undertaken by the U.S. against a private sponsor of terrorism .
the nyt says the [use] was the most formidable ever undertaken by the u.s. against a private sponsor of terrorism .

The story carries warnings from consumer activists of higher fees and poorer service , but also notes that the deal could be an economic boost to California , because the combined operation will be headquartered in San Francisco .
the story carries warnings from consumer activists of higher fees and poorer service , but also notes that the deal could be an economic boost to california , because the combined [use] will be headquartered in san francisco .

The piece reports that last week 's strikes against targets in Sudan and Afghanistan were code-named Operation Infinite Reach ( which could have also been the code-name for Clinton 's Monica speech ) .
the piece reports that last week 's strikes against targets in sudan and afghanistan were code-named [use] infinite reach ( which could have also been the code-name for clinton 's monica speech ) .

The lead at the New York Times details the launching of an organized international rescue operation , replacing the heroic but chaotic efforts to date .
the lead at the new york times details the launching of an organized international rescue [use] , replacing the heroic but chaotic efforts to date .

The Photon machine was in use during the 1950s : I was used for the composition of the Funk Wagnalls Dictionary -- International Edition in 1956 ; I was present at a demonstration of the ( Mergenthaler ) Linofilm in the early 1960s ; and Dr. Hell 's Digisetter , which generated characters as requested from what we might today call image bytes ( to distinguish them from pixels ) was in use in the latter part of the 1960s : one was certainly in operation in 1969 at the McCall Corporation 's composition plant in Princeton , New Jersey , driven by an RCA Spectrum computer .
the photon machine was in use during the 1950s : i was used for the composition of the funk wagnalls dictionary -- international edition in 1956 ; i was present at a demonstration of the ( mergenthaler ) linofilm in the early 1960s ; and dr. hell 's digisetter , which generated characters as requested from what we might today call image bytes ( to distinguish them from pixels ) was in use in the latter part of the 1960s : one was certainly in [use] in 1969 at the mccall corporation 's composition plant in princeton , new jersey , driven by an rca spectrum computer .

Somewhere , sometime , speakers of English must bestow upon Representative Brooks a special commendation for his creation of a description of a planned government agency that would be “ a more or less off-the-shelf independent , stand-alone , self-supporting operation for covert operations. ” He used a noun , two prepositional phrases and a string of adjectives that would make anyone proud .
somewhere , sometime , speakers of english must bestow upon representative brooks a special commendation for his creation of a description of a planned government agency that would be “ a more or less off-the-shelf independent , stand-alone , self-supporting [use] for covert operations. ” he used a noun , two prepositional phrases and a string of adjectives that would make anyone proud .

While doing so , Asimov furnished English with robotic and robotical , roboticist an ` expert in their production and operation , ' robotics the ` science of their design and function , ' and roboticized ` rendered mechanical . '
while doing so , asimov furnished english with robotic and robotical , roboticist an ` expert in their production and [use] , ' robotics the ` science of their design and function , ' and roboticized ` rendered mechanical . '

Alexander 's response ( Nuisance dust better than no jobs , March 2-3 , 1996 ) to concerns raised about dust generated by a local mining operation reply in large part on irrelevant ad homonym tactics by conjuring up the Sierra Club , their tree hugging ilk , and mining jobs lost to communities elsewhere .
alexander 's response ( nuisance dust better than no jobs , march 2-3 , 1996 ) to concerns raised about dust generated by a local mining [use] reply in large part on irrelevant ad homonym tactics by conjuring up the sierra club , their tree hugging ilk , and mining jobs lost to communities elsewhere .

The vocabulary , like the grammar , is determined to a large extent by the medium of computers and the operation of networking .
the vocabulary , like the grammar , is determined to a large extent by the medium of computers and the [use] of networking .

The single most successful fast-food operation in Japan has been Macdonald 's .
the single most successful fast-food [use] in japan has been macdonald 's .

The operation was a great success , and a couple of days afterward my father received a get-well card from Mr. Kaplan .
the [use] was a great success , and a couple of days afterward my father received a get-well card from mr. kaplan .

A failed amphibious military operation considered badly planned and/or executed .
a failed amphibious military [use] considered badly planned and/or executed .

An obviously ineffectual operation or dire predicament , cynically anticipated because typical ; perfect opposite of OK .
an obviously ineffectual [use] or dire predicament , cynically anticipated because typical ; perfect opposite of ok .

The most repugnant part of the multiple operation we had just witnessed was the castration , and I remained sure that bull calves are made steer calves in Britain and are vaccinated .
the most repugnant part of the multiple [use] we had just witnessed was the castration , and i remained sure that bull calves are made steer calves in britain and are vaccinated .

In operation it would strip recognized suffixes and prefixes from words , check for the word root , and use rules stored in the program to determine whether the suffixes and prefixes were added correctly .
in [use] it would strip recognized suffixes and prefixes from words , check for the word root , and use rules stored in the program to determine whether the suffixes and prefixes were added correctly .

