Several theater operators said , however , that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the three-day affair .
several theater [users] said , however , that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the three-day affair .

At the very moment that every attempt is being made to take management out from under the irrationality of anti-trust legislation , a drive is on to abolish collective bargaining under the guise of extending the anti-monopoly laws to unions who want no more than to continue to set wages in the same way that ship operators set freight rates .
at the very moment that every attempt is being made to take management out from under the irrationality of anti-trust legislation , a drive is on to abolish collective bargaining under the guise of extending the anti-monopoly laws to unions who want no more than to continue to set wages in the same way that ship [users] set freight rates .

The death of Harold A. Stevens , oldest of the Stevens brothers , famed operators of baseball , football and race track concessions , revived again the story of one of the greatest business successes in history .
the death of harold a. stevens , oldest of the stevens brothers , famed [users] of baseball , football and race track concessions , revived again the story of one of the greatest business successes in history .

However , there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators .
however , there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone [users] .

Heavily armed and mobilized as a fast-moving Civil Defense outfit , 23 operators and office personnel stand ready to move into action at a minute's notice '' .
heavily armed and mobilized as a fast-moving civil defense outfit , 23 [users] and office personnel stand ready to move into action at a minute's notice '' .

Many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat operators .
many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat [users] .

Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24-hour-day , 7-day-week operations in order to minimize overtime ? ?
are you watching work schedules for boiler [users] , guards , and other 24-hour-day , 7-day-week operations in order to minimize overtime ? ?

Six of the railroads carrying coal to Tidewater from the Pennsylvania fields , Hearst said , not only had illegal agreements with coal operators but owned outright at least eleven mines .
six of the railroads carrying coal to tidewater from the pennsylvania fields , hearst said , not only had illegal agreements with coal [users] but owned outright at least eleven mines .

We are trying to study a linear operator T on the finite-dimensional space V , by decomposing T into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense elementary .
we are trying to study a linear operator t on the finite-dimensional space v , by decomposing t into a direct sum of [users] which are in some sense elementary .

Now we have Af or Af and all four of these operators commute with one another .
now we have af or af and all four of these [users] commute with one another .

These operators D and N are unique and each is a polynomial in T .
these [users] d and n are unique and each is a polynomial in t .

From these results , one sees that the study of linear operators on vector spaces over an algebraically closed field is essentially reduced to the study of nilpotent operators .
from these results , one sees that the study of linear [users] on vector spaces over an algebraically closed field is essentially reduced to the study of nilpotent [users] .

In a course for supermarket operators , a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager , found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time .
in a course for supermarket [users] , a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager , found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time .

The major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of pre-employment training for a large number of semi-skilled machine operators .
the major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of pre-employment training for a large number of semi-skilled machine [users] .

Operators were Arthur Koop and Norman Taylor .
[users] were arthur koop and norman taylor .

The resident staff is large and consists of professional assistants , graduate students , abstractors , librarian , technical editor , machine operators , secretarial help , and others .
the resident staff is large and consists of professional assistants , graduate students , abstractors , librarian , technical editor , machine [users] , secretarial help , and others .

Three navy helicopters had been searching the Manx coastline where the Gloucester had been moored , and where the two radio operators were last seen .
three navy helicopters had been searching the manx coastline where the gloucester had been moored , and where the two radio [users] were last seen .

The track itself will belong to a new body Railtrack which will charge new the new private train operators to run services on it .
the track itself will belong to a new body railtrack which will charge new the new private train [users] to run services on it .

In recent years fare rises on the line have outstripped inflation and it 's not yet clear whether the new private operators will be forced by law to contain their prices , as were the newly privatised phone and gas companies .
in recent years fare rises on the line have outstripped inflation and it 's not yet clear whether the new private [users] will be forced by law to contain their prices , as were the newly privatised phone and gas companies .

The new operators are setting out to make it a much bigger draw .
the new [users] are setting out to make it a much bigger draw .

The site operators enforce safety controls far tougher than those insisted on by Government .
the site [users] enforce safety controls far tougher than those insisted on by government .

The Logger 's already been adopted by most private operators and the manufacturers hope it 'll eventually be used by Council and Government watchdogs as well .
the logger 's already been adopted by most private [users] and the manufacturers hope it 'll eventually be used by council and government watchdogs as well .

Behind the scenes … chaos … smooth operators … and hairdressers everywhere .
behind the scenes … chaos … smooth [users] … and hairdressers everywhere .

Operators may not have to update similar boats to prevent it happening again until 1999 .
[users] may not have to update similar boats to prevent it happening again until 1999 .

The Department of Transport said today that ferries are inspected at least once a year to maintain pressure on operators to meet safety requirements .
the department of transport said today that ferries are inspected at least once a year to maintain pressure on [users] to meet safety requirements .

It looks like a road sweeper , but the only dirt the operators of this machine are interested in is buried several meters underground .
it looks like a road sweeper , but the only dirt the [users] of this machine are interested in is buried several meters underground .

They went to the s School of Signals in the where they learnt to be operators .
they went to the s school of signals in the where they learnt to be [users] .

‘ Phases yet to come include seminars with retail outlets on self-regulation , education packages for use in schools , discussions with licensing boards and operators of places of entertainment .
‘ phases yet to come include seminars with retail outlets on self-regulation , education packages for use in schools , discussions with licensing boards and [users] of places of entertainment .

The first order has been granted by the Scottish Office , three years after the original application , to Scallop Kings of Crinan , one of Scotland 's biggest shellfish operators .
the first order has been granted by the scottish office , three years after the original application , to scallop kings of crinan , one of scotland 's biggest shellfish [users] .

European stock markets were stronger , with market operators relieved that Wall Street did not repeat Tuesday 's sharp 83-point drop , which had come in reaction to early indications of what Mr Clinton had in mind .
european stock markets were stronger , with market [users] relieved that wall street did not repeat tuesday 's sharp 83-point drop , which had come in reaction to early indications of what mr clinton had in mind .

Mr Wilson said yesterday that comments by the rail minister , Roger Freeman , completely contradict the impression given by the Transport Secretary , John MacGregor , that private operators would be obliged to take over the existing timetable .
mr wilson said yesterday that comments by the rail minister , roger freeman , completely contradict the impression given by the transport secretary , john macgregor , that private [users] would be obliged to take over the existing timetable .

Mr Freeman last week told the committee of MPs considering the Railways Bill that they will not ask private operators to guarantee off-peak services in areas such as Strathclyde covered by passenger transport executives .
mr freeman last week told the committee of mps considering the railways bill that they will not ask private [users] to guarantee off-peak services in areas such as strathclyde covered by passenger transport executives .

Private operators must be offered flexibility , he added .
private [users] must be offered flexibility , he added .

The other suggestions included statutory licensing of wheel clamp operators and statutory licensing of land on which wheel clamps may be used .
the other suggestions included statutory licensing of wheel clamp [users] and statutory licensing of land on which wheel clamps may be used .

Earlier this month , an agreement was reached in principle between the Government and representatives of international oil companies and tanker operators on a voluntary scheme under which tankers would avoid a number of sensitive areas .
earlier this month , an agreement was reached in principle between the government and representatives of international oil companies and tanker [users] on a voluntary scheme under which tankers would avoid a number of sensitive areas .

‘ The proposed merger ( between Airtours and Owners ) would be to the material detriment of existing and potential small tour operators and retailers , ’ said Thomas Cook in a submission to the Office of Fair Trading .
‘ the proposed merger ( between airtours and owners ) would be to the material detriment of existing and potential small tour [users] and retailers , ’ said thomas cook in a submission to the office of fair trading .

Thomas Cook said the merger would create an effective duopoly and tour operators would find themselves ‘ subject to debilitating price wars funded by the dominant position of the duopoly and designed to drive them out of the industry ’ .
thomas cook said the merger would create an effective duopoly and tour [users] would find themselves ‘ subject to debilitating price wars funded by the dominant position of the duopoly and designed to drive them out of the industry ’ .

Some abattoir operators think they have already spotted a significant shift in beef trading patterns .
some abattoir [users] think they have already spotted a significant shift in beef trading patterns .

‘ In terms of general plant , Piper was bigger than us , while we were larger than them as crane operators , ’ he said .
‘ in terms of general plant , piper was bigger than us , while we were larger than them as crane [users] , ’ he said .

The Consumers ' Association , which last month gave Airtours the thumbs down in a Holiday Which ? report on tour operators , described the decision as ‘ baffling ’ and ‘ a severe disappointment ’ .
the consumers ' association , which last month gave airtours the thumbs down in a holiday which ? report on tour [users] , described the decision as ‘ baffling ’ and ‘ a severe disappointment ’ .

Though people have been bungee jumping in Britain for 12 years , most notably from the Clifton suspension bridge in Bristol , it is only recently that commercial operators have begun to spring up .
though people have been bungee jumping in britain for 12 years , most notably from the clifton suspension bridge in bristol , it is only recently that commercial [users] have begun to spring up .

He said the standard return fare between York and London would rise from £84 to £117.60 as private operators sought a 20pc profit on their investment .
he said the standard return fare between york and london would rise from £84 to £117.60 as private [users] sought a 20pc profit on their investment .

Councillors will consider the measures tonight prior to a meeting with the town 's transport operators .
councillors will consider the measures tonight prior to a meeting with the town 's transport [users] .

Get private operators on the railway and everything will work just fine .
get private [users] on the railway and everything will work just fine .

Darlington transport users ' consultative committee ‘ Crown Street move a threat to bus operators ’
darlington transport users ' consultative committee ‘ crown street move a threat to bus [users] ’

Bus company operators insist they will lose custom if the plan to move bus stops from the High Row to Crown Street goes ahead .
bus company [users] insist they will lose custom if the plan to move bus stops from the high row to crown street goes ahead .

And it is feared Durham County Council may have to find more cash to subsidise bus services as operators could either put up fares or scrap unpopular routes because they can not afford to replace worn out vehicles .
and it is feared durham county council may have to find more cash to subsidise bus services as [users] could either put up fares or scrap unpopular routes because they can not afford to replace worn out vehicles .

The council 's survey shows that 50 out of the 340 double and single decker buses in the fleets of County Durham 's six major operators are more than 15 years old .
the council 's survey shows that 50 out of the 340 double and single decker buses in the fleets of county durham 's six major [users] are more than 15 years old .

Darlington Wedding Cars operators have vanished from the firm 's Yarm Road premises and it is feared many engaged couples could find themselves stranded on their ceremony day .
darlington wedding cars [users] have vanished from the firm 's yarm road premises and it is feared many engaged couples could find themselves stranded on their ceremony day .

He said the increase in production operators and technicians would take place gradually throughout the year .
he said the increase in production [users] and technicians would take place gradually throughout the year .

Council officers say it is targeted at tour operators and coach companies , giving details of top attractions , accommodation , transport facilities and interpreters .
council officers say it is targeted at tour [users] and coach companies , giving details of top attractions , accommodation , transport facilities and interpreters .

However , the attack has brought back memories of the last battle between rival operators .
however , the attack has brought back memories of the last battle between rival [users] .

However , it was claimed that criminals saw the vans operating in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate operators into giving up their runs to let them move into the area .
however , it was claimed that criminals saw the vans operating in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate [users] into giving up their runs to let them move into the area .

It was claimed that criminals saw the vans operating in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate operators .
it was claimed that criminals saw the vans operating in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate [users] .

The attack has raised the spectre of another war between ice-cream operators in Glasgow .
the attack has raised the spectre of another war between ice-cream [users] in glasgow .

However , the attack has brought back memories of the last battle between rival operators .
however , the attack has brought back memories of the last battle between rival [users] .

However , it was claimed that criminals saw the vans operating in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate operators into giving up their runs to let them move into the area .
however , it was claimed that criminals saw the vans operating in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate [users] into giving up their runs to let them move into the area .

The video sex services were being planned by operators who run the so-called 0898 sex lines .
the video sex services were being planned by [users] who run the so-called 0898 sex lines .

When police raided a shop in Mansfield Road , Nottingham , in January 1992 , they found a room full of innocent telephone operators taking bookings , the court heard .
when police raided a shop in mansfield road , nottingham , in january 1992 , they found a room full of innocent telephone [users] taking bookings , the court heard .

The halls were much smaller than the rock star could have filled and concert hall operators became suspicious .
the halls were much smaller than the rock star could have filled and concert hall [users] became suspicious .

These were helping to break down the barriers to access for those companies , such as small scale , under capitalisation , lack of knowledge of quality assurance and shyness in making approaches to the big operators .
these were helping to break down the barriers to access for those companies , such as small scale , under capitalisation , lack of knowledge of quality assurance and shyness in making approaches to the big [users] .

Since 1987 it has emerged as the number one buyer of privatised bus companies , picking up operators from Inverness to Hampshire .
since 1987 it has emerged as the number one buyer of privatised bus companies , picking up [users] from inverness to hampshire .

Private toll operators will have a direct incentive to maximise traffic in order to maximise profits , probably at the expense of the railways .
private toll [users] will have a direct incentive to maximise traffic in order to maximise profits , probably at the expense of the railways .

Phil Barber , Barnard Castle National Farmers ' Union branch secretary , condemned the Intervention Board 's decision , saying the operators were particularly upset because they had just spent a lot of money to improve the facilities to offer a better service to customers .
phil barber , barnard castle national farmers ' union branch secretary , condemned the intervention board 's decision , saying the [users] were particularly upset because they had just spent a lot of money to improve the facilities to offer a better service to customers .

Hard-won working conditions and employment protection are now routinely jettisoned by many cowboy operators , secure in the knowledge that if workers complain they can be shown the door , outside which is a four-deep queue of would-be replacements willing to thole all manner of demands provided there is the prospect of regular work at whatever depressed rates .
hard-won working conditions and employment protection are now routinely jettisoned by many cowboy [users] , secure in the knowledge that if workers complain they can be shown the door , outside which is a four-deep queue of would-be replacements willing to thole all manner of demands provided there is the prospect of regular work at whatever depressed rates .

It would be comforting to persuade ourselves that those people who are generating wealth by creating poverty are all fly-by-night operators with little regard for the basic niceties of the employer/employee relationship .
it would be comforting to persuade ourselves that those people who are generating wealth by creating poverty are all fly-by-night [users] with little regard for the basic niceties of the employer/employee relationship .

Under present legislation the pits belong to the nation , and private operators can only mine under licence with a maximum of 150 miners .
under present legislation the pits belong to the nation , and private [users] can only mine under licence with a maximum of 150 miners .

It found that retail newsagents and the operators of off-licences and cash-and-carry outlets were repeatedly targeted .
it found that retail newsagents and the [users] of off-licences and cash-and-carry outlets were repeatedly targeted .

The main operators are commercial and central banks , large companies , institutional investors and a few wealthy individuals .
the main [users] are commercial and central banks , large companies , institutional investors and a few wealthy individuals .

Many visitors come from the North-East of England following the introduction of whistle-stop tours of Ireland by tour operators Wallace Arnold .
many visitors come from the north-east of england following the introduction of whistle-stop tours of ireland by tour [users] wallace arnold .

The five Moorsbus operators have agreed to accept each other 's tickets on services within the park in an effort to encourage greater use of the new services .
the five moorsbus [users] have agreed to accept each other 's tickets on services within the park in an effort to encourage greater use of the new services .

Analysts pointed out that owning shops gives tour operators other advantages .
analysts pointed out that owning shops gives tour [users] other advantages .

‘ Operators like Jane 's Aviation will have the best opportunity to develop their business by being based here . ’
‘ [users] like jane 's aviation will have the best opportunity to develop their business by being based here . ’

The national park is working with five bus operators to provide Sunday services into the park from surrounding towns and cities , including Darlington , Northallerton , Stockton , Middlesbrough and York .
the national park is working with five bus [users] to provide sunday services into the park from surrounding towns and cities , including darlington , northallerton , stockton , middlesbrough and york .

As an industry composed of independent businesses farmers have two options to receive payment from the taxpayer for their national service as an army of green guardians of the countryside , or be totally free operators in the open market .
as an industry composed of independent businesses farmers have two options to receive payment from the taxpayer for their national service as an army of green guardians of the countryside , or be totally free [users] in the open market .

As an industry composed of independent businesses farmers have two options to receive payment from the taxpayer for their national service as an army of green guardians of the countryside , or be totally free operators in the open market .
as an industry composed of independent businesses farmers have two options to receive payment from the taxpayer for their national service as an army of green guardians of the countryside , or be totally free [users] in the open market .

In 1990 he reduced the levy payable to government by the football-pools operators , on condition that the windfall of £100m went on improving the grounds of the Football League clubs .
in 1990 he reduced the levy payable to government by the football-pools [users] , on condition that the windfall of £100m went on improving the grounds of the football league clubs .

He says several other tour operators have suffered the same fate .
he says several other tour [users] have suffered the same fate .

survey found many were providing a limited holiday-selection and biased information , thanks to a virtual stranglehold by the major tour operators .
survey found many were providing a limited holiday-selection and biased information , thanks to a virtual stranglehold by the major tour [users] .

says it is concerned that consumers are being kept in the dark about the links between travel agents and the tour operators .
says it is concerned that consumers are being kept in the dark about the links between travel agents and the tour [users] .

None of the Lunn Poly or Thomas Cook branches had any signs informing customers of their links with tour operators .
none of the lunn poly or thomas cook branches had any signs informing customers of their links with tour [users] .

The operators say there is provison in law for the government to make grants to companies so they can buy more environmentally friendly vehicles .
the [users] say there is provison in law for the government to make grants to companies so they can buy more environmentally friendly vehicles .

Instead the market has expanded , giving all operators the opportunity to make a profit .
instead the market has expanded , giving all [users] the opportunity to make a profit .

survey found many were providing a limited holiday-selection and biased information , thanks to a virtual stranglehold by the major tour operators .
survey found many were providing a limited holiday-selection and biased information , thanks to a virtual stranglehold by the major tour [users] .

says it is concerned that consumers are being kept in the dark about the links between travel agents and the tour operators .
says it is concerned that consumers are being kept in the dark about the links between travel agents and the tour [users] .

None of the Lunn Poly or Thomas Cook branches had any signs informing customers of their links with tour operators .
none of the lunn poly or thomas cook branches had any signs informing customers of their links with tour [users] .

And suddenly , erm very probably , by er unreasonable behaviour of some of the operators , we are seeing the emission of shock waves to the market which actually are extremely negative for the economy of the community as a whole , and for the oil world er as well .
and suddenly , erm very probably , by er unreasonable behaviour of some of the [users] , we are seeing the emission of shock waves to the market which actually are extremely negative for the economy of the community as a whole , and for the oil world er as well .

Yes , it 's open to everyone and we have a full range of experts there — people from the equipment companies , from Touchwood Sports , tour operators , the Ski Club will be there as well and we 'll be there to explain what skiing is , how you can start , how you learn to ski on the dry ski slope with the Ski Club , how you can go on alpine holidays , evening events , everything .
yes , it 's open to everyone and we have a full range of experts there — people from the equipment companies , from touchwood sports , tour [users] , the ski club will be there as well and we 'll be there to explain what skiing is , how you can start , how you learn to ski on the dry ski slope with the ski club , how you can go on alpine holidays , evening events , everything .

Operators have got another couple of weeks in which to take decisions on capacity for the summer , so they might not cut back as much as they erm , they might have done had the war still been ongoing , so we should still have plenty of holidays available this summer .
[users] have got another couple of weeks in which to take decisions on capacity for the summer , so they might not cut back as much as they erm , they might have done had the war still been ongoing , so we should still have plenty of holidays available this summer .

And the other fear , of course , was that the cost of fuel is going to go out literally through the roof , if you 'll excuse the pun , erm that does n't seem to have happened , so again presumably they the tour operators will be able to hold prices , certainly as far as the flights are concerned ?
and the other fear , of course , was that the cost of fuel is going to go out literally through the roof , if you 'll excuse the pun , erm that does n't seem to have happened , so again presumably they the tour [users] will be able to hold prices , certainly as far as the flights are concerned ?

There have been a number of redundancies , which were unavoidable because erm of the operators ' loss of business .
there have been a number of redundancies , which were unavoidable because erm of the [users] ' loss of business .

And erm Lunn Poly sells the holiday products of all the major tour operators and airlines , cruise lines , etc .
and erm lunn poly sells the holiday products of all the major tour [users] and airlines , cruise lines , etc .

Every day we monitor bookings with our tour operators and our own figures .
every day we monitor bookings with our tour [users] and our own figures .

And how much experience is , do operators need to work one of these things ? An ordinary little firm that has operated perfectly cheerfully with a clerk and a few assistants over the years , is it actually a practical proposition to install the computer and perhaps train one or two of the workers to use it ?
and how much experience is , do [users] need to work one of these things ? an ordinary little firm that has operated perfectly cheerfully with a clerk and a few assistants over the years , is it actually a practical proposition to install the computer and perhaps train one or two of the workers to use it ?

It is not the case that privatisation can only be attractive to operators if accompanied by large guarantees of taxpayers ' money ?
it is not the case that privatisation can only be attractive to [users] if accompanied by large guarantees of taxpayers ' money ?

Who will pay compensation if one operators ' trains are delayed by a breakdown of a train by another operator ?
who will pay compensation if one [users] ' trains are delayed by a breakdown of a train by another operator ?

The franchising of services with total responsibility for pricing in the hands of operators may well bring many new local marketing ideas .
the franchising of services with total responsibility for pricing in the hands of [users] may well bring many new local marketing ideas .

Will the investment in new wagons be justified by private operators or leasing companies given the uncertainty of the market ?
will the investment in new wagons be justified by private [users] or leasing companies given the uncertainty of the market ?

How will the Government respond to any request from Railtrack for an infrastructure grant to cover investment costs and enable lower rates to be charges to operators ?
how will the government respond to any request from railtrack for an infrastructure grant to cover investment costs and enable lower rates to be charges to [users] ?

Experience in the bus industry has shown that it is in practice very difficult to persuade different operators to reach agreement on cross-validity of discount fares : ‘ only one in four bus operators now accept each others ’ tickets .
experience in the bus industry has shown that it is in practice very difficult to persuade different [users] to reach agreement on cross-validity of discount fares : ‘ only one in four bus [users] now accept each others ’ tickets .

Main scheduled passenger service operators at Liverpool are Manx Airlines and Ryanair , with regular flights to Dublin , Belfast , the Isle of Mann and Knock .
main scheduled passenger service [users] at liverpool are manx airlines and ryanair , with regular flights to dublin , belfast , the isle of mann and knock .

It will also use contactless smartcards to speed boarding and will provide accurate data for revenue allocation between operators .
it will also use contactless smartcards to speed boarding and will provide accurate data for revenue allocation between [users] .

Merseyside in Liverpool has faced competition from one large and several medium-sized operators including fleets of new as well as second-hand vehicles .
merseyside in liverpool has faced competition from one large and several medium-sized [users] including fleets of new as well as second-hand vehicles .

The was particularly marked among former scheme port operators , where 67 per cent reported more intense competition .
the was particularly marked among former scheme port [users] , where 67 per cent reported more intense competition .

Not surprisingly , customer demands for lower charges and improved service were cited as the major source of competitive pressure in the industry ( reported by over 55 per cent of all operators ) .
not surprisingly , customer demands for lower charges and improved service were cited as the major source of competitive pressure in the industry ( reported by over 55 per cent of all [users] ) .

Contrary to Government and employer predictions , then the abolition of the scheme has not yet created a net increase in employment ( although one in five former scheme port operators envisaged recruitment in 1992 along with 37 per cent of former non-scheme operators ) .
contrary to government and employer predictions , then the abolition of the scheme has not yet created a net increase in employment ( although one in five former scheme port [users] envisaged recruitment in 1992 along with 37 per cent of former non-scheme [users] ) .

Flexible working is now ubiquitous — 88 per cent of all operators report flexibility within grades and over 80 per cent across grades .
flexible working is now ubiquitous — 88 per cent of all [users] report flexibility within grades and over 80 per cent across grades .

Flexible working arrangements allow operators to meet fluctuating labour requirements as does more flexible hours such as weekend working , new shift arrangements or greater use of overtime ( reported 12 to 29 per cent of former scheme port operators ) .
flexible working arrangements allow [users] to meet fluctuating labour requirements as does more flexible hours such as weekend working , new shift arrangements or greater use of overtime ( reported 12 to 29 per cent of former scheme port [users] ) .

Most operators have therefore reduced their labour force to a core of general port operatives who are required to perform a wide variety of tasks , supplemented as and when needed by a periphery of temporary , casual or contract labour .
most [users] have therefore reduced their labour force to a core of general port operatives who are required to perform a wide variety of tasks , supplemented as and when needed by a periphery of temporary , casual or contract labour .

There is no doubt that many individual operators have been able to reduce costs , shorten turnround times , raise productivity and improve the quality of service they offer .
there is no doubt that many individual [users] have been able to reduce costs , shorten turnround times , raise productivity and improve the quality of service they offer .

In fact 60 to 80 per cent of all former scheme port operators report improved performance in these areas , especially cost .
in fact 60 to 80 per cent of all former scheme port [users] report improved performance in these areas , especially cost .

The opening of the Channel Tunnel is more likely to have a detrimental effect on former non-scheme operators as they are largely concentrated in the South East corner of Britain .
the opening of the channel tunnel is more likely to have a detrimental effect on former non-scheme [users] as they are largely concentrated in the south east corner of britain .

However , most operators ( 63 per cent ) believe the Tunnel will have little or no effect on their business .
however , most [users] ( 63 per cent ) believe the tunnel will have little or no effect on their business .

Conversely , the Single European Market could benefit operators in the South East but a great many operators are uncertain ( 31 per cent ) or indifferent ( 36 per cent ) to the Single Market , believing that it will have no effect .
conversely , the single european market could benefit [users] in the south east but a great many [users] are uncertain ( 31 per cent ) or indifferent ( 36 per cent ) to the single market , believing that it will have no effect .

While strikes might be a thing of the past , at least in most ports , there has been a marked increase in accidents and sickness rates reported by several operators .
while strikes might be a thing of the past , at least in most ports , there has been a marked increase in accidents and sickness rates reported by several [users] .

The pressure on operators to cut costs ( labour costs in particular ) could encourage some operators to cut corners .
the pressure on [users] to cut costs ( labour costs in particular ) could encourage some [users] to cut corners .

It concerns itself , not only with the operators but also very much with the role of the local authorities — in this case , principally those of Edinburgh and Leith .
it concerns itself , not only with the [users] but also very much with the role of the local authorities — in this case , principally those of edinburgh and leith .

In the context of deregulated bus services , it was important that strenuous efforts at informal co-ordination between bus operators and local planning authorities should be encouraged .
in the context of deregulated bus services , it was important that strenuous efforts at informal co-ordination between bus [users] and local planning authorities should be encouraged .

It would ‘ offer terms ’ to any legitimate operator ( ie licensed by the regulator ) and would receive the proposed timetables of all licensed operators — both passenger and freight .
it would ‘ offer terms ’ to any legitimate operator ( ie licensed by the regulator ) and would receive the proposed timetables of all licensed [users] — both passenger and freight .

There would be no need to involve the operators who would have to register and have approved , any timetable changes proposed — approval being the Track Authority from an operating point of view and the Regulator from a competition viewpoint .
there would be no need to involve the [users] who would have to register and have approved , any timetable changes proposed — approval being the track authority from an operating point of view and the regulator from a competition viewpoint .

Buswatch has the virtue of not attempting to score points off harassed operators , and one of the most interesting dimensions of this excellent report is a record of the responses given by bus company managers to some of the issues raised .
buswatch has the virtue of not attempting to score points off harassed [users] , and one of the most interesting dimensions of this excellent report is a record of the responses given by bus company managers to some of the issues raised .

Last night , the United Kingdom Offshore Operators ' Association conceded that the ‘ sword of Damocles ’ was hanging over oil drilling plans .
last night , the united kingdom offshore [users] ' association conceded that the ‘ sword of damocles ’ was hanging over oil drilling plans .

Last night , the United Kingdom Offshore Operators ' Association conceded that the ‘ sword of Damaclese ’ is hanging over oil drilling plans .
last night , the united kingdom offshore [users] ' association conceded that the ‘ sword of damaclese ’ is hanging over oil drilling plans .

Operators also do more than just answer the phone .
[users] also do more than just answer the phone .

The number of operators available to answer emergency calls at any one time will be reduced from 2,000 out of a trained total of 8,000 , to just 150 .
the number of [users] available to answer emergency calls at any one time will be reduced from 2,000 out of a trained total of 8,000 , to just 150 .

Tourism attraction operators in Cheshire will be told of the latest developments in home and overseas marketing at a forum this month .
tourism attraction [users] in cheshire will be told of the latest developments in home and overseas marketing at a forum this month .

The Wales Tourist Board approved the extra cash to aid holiday operators who suffered in the disastrous Towyn floods of 1990 .
the wales tourist board approved the extra cash to aid holiday [users] who suffered in the disastrous towyn floods of 1990 .

The pilot scheme guaranteed half the cost of improvements carried out by operators in Towyn , Kinmel Bay and Belgrano worst hit during the floods when the sea breached defences in the resort towns .
the pilot scheme guaranteed half the cost of improvements carried out by [users] in towyn , kinmel bay and belgrano worst hit during the floods when the sea breached defences in the resort towns .

One of its key properties is to hide unsightly rust deposits and is popular with cruise ship and ferry operators .
one of its key properties is to hide unsightly rust deposits and is popular with cruise ship and ferry [users] .

Now we expect operators to identify the root cause and make the problem go away themselves , ’ said factory systems manager .
now we expect [users] to identify the root cause and make the problem go away themselves , ’ said factory systems manager .

Quality awareness among operators improved , thanks to a better flow of information .
quality awareness among [users] improved , thanks to a better flow of information .

‘ Ideas offered by operators were listened to and acted upon , ’ said , filter stripper in Viscose .
‘ ideas offered by [users] were listened to and acted upon , ’ said , filter stripper in viscose .

International Seacontrol is designed to help ship operators in a recession-hit marine industry who are increasingly under pressure to reduce operating costs while sustaining an acceptable level of maintenance .
international seacontrol is designed to help ship [users] in a recession-hit marine industry who are increasingly under pressure to reduce operating costs while sustaining an acceptable level of maintenance .

Updated refresher training sessions were held for plant operators and new reporting procedures brought in to cover routine monitoring .
updated refresher training sessions were held for plant [users] and new reporting procedures brought in to cover routine monitoring .

We created the team — not overnight — by pulling together a multi-disciplinary squad of ‘ value-adders ’ — operators , tradesmen and supervisors who represented the plant organization .
we created the team — not overnight — by pulling together a multi-disciplinary squad of ‘ value-adders ’ — [users] , tradesmen and supervisors who represented the plant organization .

The most common form of agency is where the agents , acting as independent operators , obtain orders on behalf of the exporter on a commission basis and the exporter acts as principal .
the most common form of agency is where the agents , acting as independent [users] , obtain orders on behalf of the exporter on a commission basis and the exporter acts as principal .

We will train your supervisors and operators ready for accreditation .
we will train your supervisors and [users] ready for accreditation .

Trying to write a quality procedure to describe each management process flushes out the ‘ motherhood ’ statements and causes the re-examination and refinement of each process until a simple management procedure can be drafted which is clearly understood and accepted by operators .
trying to write a quality procedure to describe each management process flushes out the ‘ motherhood ’ statements and causes the re-examination and refinement of each process until a simple management procedure can be drafted which is clearly understood and accepted by [users] .

It is better if this problem can be avoided by having the operators work the system properly .
it is better if this problem can be avoided by having the [users] work the system properly .

Environmental Health Officers did n't test the water themselves but asked pool operators if they were aware of the Department of the Environmental guidelines and whether they monitored the water .
environmental health officers did n't test the water themselves but asked pool [users] if they were aware of the department of the environmental guidelines and whether they monitored the water .

Whenever someone undertakes interesting experiments or activities on the air it is open to other operators around the world to find out what is happening , join in , and make some contribution themselves .
whenever someone undertakes interesting experiments or activities on the air it is open to other [users] around the world to find out what is happening , join in , and make some contribution themselves .

Bureaux de Change operators Travelex — with booths at airports and ferry terminals — will let you change back any currency you bring back home with you at the rate you bought at if the markets move against you .
bureaux de change [users] travelex — with booths at airports and ferry terminals — will let you change back any currency you bring back home with you at the rate you bought at if the markets move against you .

If you intend to travel by public transport then do check the reliability of local operators .
if you intend to travel by public transport then do check the reliability of local [users] .

Bonington said he also hoped to see closer co-operation and understanding between the national park authorities and the farmers , tourist operators and everyone else who lives and works in the parks .
bonington said he also hoped to see closer co-operation and understanding between the national park authorities and the farmers , tourist [users] and everyone else who lives and works in the parks .

Dennis Wright , of Blackpool 's Licensed Taxi Operators ' Association , said : ‘ This man is a disgrace .
dennis wright , of blackpool 's licensed taxi [users] ' association , said : ‘ this man is a disgrace .

Bosses of operators Swansea-Cork Ferries went to the ship as soon as they learned of the tragedy .
bosses of [users] swansea-cork ferries went to the ship as soon as they learned of the tragedy .

Just as linotype operators at the Sun were breaking out the champagne to celebrate the arrival of £1,000 pay packets for a three-day week , the realization was beginning to dawn that sooner or later the power of the print unions would be broken by the introduction of new technology .
just as linotype [users] at the sun were breaking out the champagne to celebrate the arrival of £1,000 pay packets for a three-day week , the realization was beginning to dawn that sooner or later the power of the print unions would be broken by the introduction of new technology .

Another guest who kept the switchboard operators busy was Dave Allen .
another guest who kept the switchboard [users] busy was dave allen .

When a particularly difficult and obscure accident occurs , the aircraft manufacturer may suspect the possibility of the failure of a particular component , and acting in a responsible manner and with the highest possible motives may circulate to all operators of that type of aircraft a design for modifying the component just in case it was the one that failed .
when a particularly difficult and obscure accident occurs , the aircraft manufacturer may suspect the possibility of the failure of a particular component , and acting in a responsible manner and with the highest possible motives may circulate to all [users] of that type of aircraft a design for modifying the component just in case it was the one that failed .

Such action , taken as a precautionary measure in the interests of air safety before the investigators are able to identify the true cause of the accident , has been in the past , and might again be in the future , seized upon by lawyers involved in civil actions relating to the accident as an acknowledgement of a shortcoming ( or , in their eyes , an admission of guilt ) by the manufacturers , operators , air traffic control , etc .
such action , taken as a precautionary measure in the interests of air safety before the investigators are able to identify the true cause of the accident , has been in the past , and might again be in the future , seized upon by lawyers involved in civil actions relating to the accident as an acknowledgement of a shortcoming ( or , in their eyes , an admission of guilt ) by the manufacturers , [users] , air traffic control , etc .

The system of awarding punitive damages as a deterrent to manufacturers or operators falling below acceptable standards of safety totally ignores the huge bureaucracy of regulation and control that exists to preserve those standards .
the system of awarding punitive damages as a deterrent to manufacturers or [users] falling below acceptable standards of safety totally ignores the huge bureaucracy of regulation and control that exists to preserve those standards .

The airline operators
the airline [users]

Fibre is the preferred medium for high capacity circuits for many operators and may become the medium of choice for primary transmission circuits , given time .
fibre is the preferred medium for high capacity circuits for many [users] and may become the medium of choice for primary transmission circuits , given time .

The provision of cellular links by independent operators is an increasing trend for radio and there is some evidence that companies would like to set up their own private networks .
the provision of cellular links by independent [users] is an increasing trend for radio and there is some evidence that companies would like to set up their own private networks .

Although established network operators are now primarily using optical fibre for high capacity communications links , there is little evidence that the overall amount of spectrum available for fixed service use , in terms either of point to point use or outside broadcasts and electronic news gathering applications , should be reduced .
although established network [users] are now primarily using optical fibre for high capacity communications links , there is little evidence that the overall amount of spectrum available for fixed service use , in terms either of point to point use or outside broadcasts and electronic news gathering applications , should be reduced .

Hartley 's aircraft recovery & salvage services offer a comprehensive service to all aircraft owners and operators .
hartley 's aircraft recovery & salvage services offer a comprehensive service to all aircraft owners and [users] .

• Key players — performance of airlines , hotels , tour operators , etc
• key players — performance of airlines , hotels , tour [users] , etc

Wimpey has made provisions against its involvement in the Channel tunnel construction consortium Transmanche Link , which is in a contract dispute with operators Eurotunnel .
wimpey has made provisions against its involvement in the channel tunnel construction consortium transmanche link , which is in a contract dispute with [users] eurotunnel .

With over 20 years in the business , more destinations than many other long-haul operators , matchless world-wide resources and know-how , expert assistance on the spot — Speedbird will simply take more care of you .
with over 20 years in the business , more destinations than many other long-haul [users] , matchless world-wide resources and know-how , expert assistance on the spot — speedbird will simply take more care of you .

by how much would the wages of telephone operators have to be cut in order to prevent the installation of modern , automatic switching equipment ?
by how much would the wages of telephone [users] have to be cut in order to prevent the installation of modern , automatic switching equipment ?

Also , because mobility in the pit is so difficult , supervisors can visit the operators only occasionally throughout the shift .
also , because mobility in the pit is so difficult , supervisors can visit the [users] only occasionally throughout the shift .

The factory had come into being , Marglin argues , because it enabled the owner to force higher levels of output out of operators .
the factory had come into being , marglin argues , because it enabled the owner to force higher levels of output out of [users] .

Braverman goes further and suggests , with Marglin , that management will also endeavour to develop methods of working that involve operators in fragmented , or short cycle time , tasks for reasons other than efficiency .
braverman goes further and suggests , with marglin , that management will also endeavour to develop methods of working that involve [users] in fragmented , or short cycle time , tasks for reasons other than efficiency .

Another is that unskilled or semi-skilled operators can be recruited to perform these fragmented tasks , replacing the skilled craft workers who had previously performed the unfragmented tasks .
another is that unskilled or semi-skilled [users] can be recruited to perform these fragmented tasks , replacing the skilled craft workers who had previously performed the unfragmented tasks .

If organisations operated through the exercise of what Alan Fox has termed ‘ high trust ’ relationships between both managers and operators , and among operators themselves , then much of the necessary co-ordination and flow of information could be handled informally and on the basis of good will ( Fox 1974 ) .
if organisations operated through the exercise of what alan fox has termed ‘ high trust ’ relationships between both managers and [users] , and among [users] themselves , then much of the necessary co-ordination and flow of information could be handled informally and on the basis of good will ( fox 1974 ) .

The application with the particularly detrimental effect on operators ' jobs was the biscuit dough mixing automation .
the application with the particularly detrimental effect on [users] ' jobs was the biscuit dough mixing automation .

Prior to 1971 the mixing was carried out under manual control by time-served master bakers controlling a team of operators .
prior to 1971 the mixing was carried out under manual control by time-served master bakers controlling a team of [users] .

After 1981 the operation was controlled automatically and monitored by two semi-skilled mixer operators .
after 1981 the operation was controlled automatically and monitored by two semi-skilled mixer [users] .

Semi-skilled operators were now used instead of master bakers and the computer took much of the knowledge element out of the job .
semi-skilled [users] were now used instead of master bakers and the computer took much of the knowledge element out of the job .

Also , the way in which the machinery was designed ( by totally enclosing the mixing vessels ) meant that operators lost much useful feedback about the state of the process .
also , the way in which the machinery was designed ( by totally enclosing the mixing vessels ) meant that [users] lost much useful feedback about the state of the process .

the operators had no need of traditional baking skills and had an incomplete understanding of the production process and equipment ;
the [users] had no need of traditional baking skills and had an incomplete understanding of the production process and equipment ;

the rest of the production process was dependent upon this stage , but the operators got only intermittent feedback on the performance of the mixing process and were unable to effect control over it ;
the rest of the production process was dependent upon this stage , but the [users] got only intermittent feedback on the performance of the mixing process and were unable to effect control over it ;

the operators appeared to have difficulty visualizing the consequences of their action or inaction on later production stages ;
the [users] appeared to have difficulty visualizing the consequences of their action or inaction on later production stages ;

the operators could not trace and diagnose equipment faults , skilled technicians were necessary , and repairs took longer ;
the [users] could not trace and diagnose equipment faults , skilled technicians were necessary , and repairs took longer ;

it was repetitive and boring and the operators became apathetic and careless ;
it was repetitive and boring and the [users] became apathetic and careless ;

the operators did not develop knowledge or skills that would make them promotable .
the [users] did not develop knowledge or skills that would make them promotable .

Emphasising the judgement that the job was considerably worse after automation are quotes from both management and operators . From management :
emphasising the judgement that the job was considerably worse after automation are quotes from both management and [users] . from management :

It gave operators and management timely information that they used to alter the running characteristics of the line and make it more cost effective .
it gave [users] and management timely information that they used to alter the running characteristics of the line and make it more cost effective .

The package itself did not control the line , nor did it tell operators and management what action to take when things went wrong .
the package itself did not control the line , nor did it tell [users] and management what action to take when things went wrong .

Operators and management still had to use their understanding of the process to control it .
[users] and management still had to use their understanding of the process to control it .

For the weighing machine operators the new technology had increased communication with the ovensman , and led to smoother production and less pressure from management .
for the weighing machine [users] the new technology had increased communication with the ovensman , and led to smoother production and less pressure from management .

At one extreme was an electroplating plant where management took the view that operators were unintelligent and unreliable .
at one extreme was an electroplating plant where management took the view that [users] were unintelligent and unreliable .

In the manufacturing manager 's own words : ‘ Development in the production environment meant that the operator would productionise machinery , and rather than management giving production parameters to the operators , the operators would to some extent give them to management .
in the manufacturing manager 's own words : ‘ development in the production environment meant that the operator would productionise machinery , and rather than management giving production parameters to the [users] , the [users] would to some extent give them to management .

Because the operators had been so heavily involved in the ‘ productionising ’ of the new technology and were thus extremely familiar with the technical possibilities of the machinery , they were in a strong position to negotiate higher rates than the time-study person would normally allow .
because the [users] had been so heavily involved in the ‘ productionising ’ of the new technology and were thus extremely familiar with the technical possibilities of the machinery , they were in a strong position to negotiate higher rates than the time-study person would normally allow .

With advances in electronic control and programming , and also possibly in operator programming skill , it is likely that in future it will be feasible for many operators to program the next job on the machine while it is still cutting the present piece .
with advances in electronic control and programming , and also possibly in operator programming skill , it is likely that in future it will be feasible for many [users] to program the next job on the machine while it is still cutting the present piece .

This meant that in the German companies programming was becoming a nucleus of integration , bringing together operators , planners , production engineers and managers , charge-hands , and foremen , while in Britain that work was more concentrated on planners and production engineers .
this meant that in the german companies programming was becoming a nucleus of integration , bringing together [users] , planners , production engineers and managers , charge-hands , and foremen , while in britain that work was more concentrated on planners and production engineers .

In a traditional plant the engine , transmission , and axles are placed onto ‘ the track ’ — a chain-driven series of platforms which move continuously at a fixed pace while the operators work on the cars — and the painted body is lowered onto them .
in a traditional plant the engine , transmission , and axles are placed onto ‘ the track ’ — a chain-driven series of platforms which move continuously at a fixed pace while the [users] work on the cars — and the painted body is lowered onto them .

The job cycle is thus about 20 minutes for any group of operators in either straight-line or dock assembly .
the job cycle is thus about 20 minutes for any group of [users] in either straight-line or dock assembly .

‘ We believe that there are questions of interpretation as to what is a cross-subsidy in respect of operators of aircraft above and below fifteen tonnes .
‘ we believe that there are questions of interpretation as to what is a cross-subsidy in respect of [users] of aircraft above and below fifteen tonnes .

The stability Royal Mail contracts brought to their operators — particularly the smaller ones — enabled them to offer jobs to newly-qualified CPLs in a segment of the industry which traditionally been the first step in an aviation career .
the stability royal mail contracts brought to their [users] — particularly the smaller ones — enabled them to offer jobs to newly-qualified cpls in a segment of the industry which traditionally been the first step in an aviation career .

Once new operators start to look towards the itchy-footed turboprop pilots to fulfil their needs , everyone can start moving up a step and there may again be room on the first rung of the ladder .
once new [users] start to look towards the itchy-footed turboprop pilots to fulfil their needs , everyone can start moving up a step and there may again be room on the first rung of the ladder .

Perhaps unique amongst air operators Aurigny has a fan club for one of its Trislanders .
perhaps unique amongst air [users] aurigny has a fan club for one of its trislanders .

Increasing numbers of foreign visitors are finding their way to Porto Santo to stay for one or two weeks ( as well as the more traditional one-day visit ) and a number of tour operators now offer two centre holidays in Funchal and Porto Santo .
increasing numbers of foreign visitors are finding their way to porto santo to stay for one or two weeks ( as well as the more traditional one-day visit ) and a number of tour [users] now offer two centre holidays in funchal and porto santo .

Small operators have been driven into bankruptcy or bought up by the giants , and buses have become older and less reliable .
small [users] have been driven into bankruptcy or bought up by the giants , and buses have become older and less reliable .

Carpal Tunnel Syndrome is a latter day symptom that has affected keyboard operators and kite flyers alike .
carpal tunnel syndrome is a latter day symptom that has affected keyboard [users] and kite flyers alike .

Expert adjudication on technical issues in the haulage industry will usually meet with approval from experienced goods vehicle operators who might be surprised at the lack of specific expertise in road haulage matters among the ranks of the judiciary .
expert adjudication on technical issues in the haulage industry will usually meet with approval from experienced goods vehicle [users] who might be surprised at the lack of specific expertise in road haulage matters among the ranks of the judiciary .

Operators who have their tachograph charts analysed by an outside agency need to be careful about exactly what it is they are buying and whether it meets their requirements in protecting them from breaches of the law by their employees and agents .
[users] who have their tachograph charts analysed by an outside agency need to be careful about exactly what it is they are buying and whether it meets their requirements in protecting them from breaches of the law by their employees and agents .

However , it was well established in the field of goods vehicles operators licensing that if an operator relied upon an agent to perform functions for him , whether it be for the maintenance of vehicles , the checking of tachograph charts , or whatever , the operator must accept full responsibility for employing an efficient agent .
however , it was well established in the field of goods vehicles [users] licensing that if an operator relied upon an agent to perform functions for him , whether it be for the maintenance of vehicles , the checking of tachograph charts , or whatever , the operator must accept full responsibility for employing an efficient agent .

Warning that he would not be so lenient in the future , Mr Peter said it seemed to him that there was a warning for operators here generally , if they decided to go to a tachograph analysis agent .
warning that he would not be so lenient in the future , mr peter said it seemed to him that there was a warning for [users] here generally , if they decided to go to a tachograph analysis agent .

To lay the foundations in North West England for a regional business of sufficient scale , depth of resources and range of products to compete effectively against larger operators .
to lay the foundations in north west england for a regional business of sufficient scale , depth of resources and range of products to compete effectively against larger [users] .

Anglo-Welsh have stated that one of their principal objectives is ‘ to lay the foundations in North West England for a regional business of sufficient scale , depth of resources and range of products to compete effectively against larger operators ’ .
anglo-welsh have stated that one of their principal objectives is ‘ to lay the foundations in north west england for a regional business of sufficient scale , depth of resources and range of products to compete effectively against larger [users] ’ .

But Palatine is already competing effectively against much larger operators , including Anglo-Welsh itself !
but palatine is already competing effectively against much larger [users] , including anglo-welsh itself !

No money for the big-time operators .
no money for the big-time [users] .

Operators : Cumberland Motor Services .
[users] : cumberland motor services .

The points are aimed at tempting boat operators , who rent out boats for weekly cruises , to switch from diesel to electric boats .
the points are aimed at tempting boat [users] , who rent out boats for weekly cruises , to switch from diesel to electric boats .

The carrot for operators is that electric boats are much cheaper to run , using one fifth the amount of energy used by a diesel-driven boat of equivalent size .
the carrot for [users] is that electric boats are much cheaper to run , using one fifth the amount of energy used by a diesel-driven boat of equivalent size .

Scarcities , pressures of time , and the often rudimentary skills of workers and equipment operators dictate a search for ‘ minimal ’ rather than exotic technology , and a penchant for working along proven lines .
scarcities , pressures of time , and the often rudimentary skills of workers and equipment [users] dictate a search for ‘ minimal ’ rather than exotic technology , and a penchant for working along proven lines .

Soviet design philosophy also rises to the system 's innate strengths : an economy which finds quantity as cheap as quality is expensive ( hence long production lines and low unit costs ) and a procurement system effective at bringing together operators , designers and technologists .
soviet design philosophy also rises to the system 's innate strengths : an economy which finds quantity as cheap as quality is expensive ( hence long production lines and low unit costs ) and a procurement system effective at bringing together [users] , designers and technologists .

Whether we work in the public or private sectors , or are self-employed ; whether we work as operators , managers , supervisors or directors ; whatever our field , the effective application of faith to work can be a challenging , stretching and sometimes frustrating task .
whether we work in the public or private sectors , or are self-employed ; whether we work as [users] , managers , supervisors or directors ; whatever our field , the effective application of faith to work can be a challenging , stretching and sometimes frustrating task .

In the world of aviation , aircraft are not kept on by airline or airfreight operators out of sentiment .
in the world of aviation , aircraft are not kept on by airline or airfreight [users] out of sentiment .

And so it is that propliners operators have an essential specialist role to play in modern commercial aviation .
and so it is that propliners [users] have an essential specialist role to play in modern commercial aviation .

Europe has its fair share of such operators but the king of them is the Coventry based Atlantic Group who have established themselves under the banner International Task Force .
europe has its fair share of such [users] but the king of them is the coventry based atlantic group who have established themselves under the banner international task force .

Best known element of this operation is Air Atlantique , operators of a fleet of nine DC-3s and two DC-6s on specialist cargo and charter work anywhere they are required .
best known element of this operation is air atlantique , [users] of a fleet of nine dc-3s and two dc-6s on specialist cargo and charter work anywhere they are required .

Whereas most operators of propliners can undertake maintenance work on every aspect of the airframes of their fleet , not that many can boast the same capacity for their engines .
whereas most [users] of propliners can undertake maintenance work on every aspect of the airframes of their fleet , not that many can boast the same capacity for their engines .

Too many operators felt that the technology level was low enough to ‘ have a go ’ themselves , and had paid dearly for it .
too many [users] felt that the technology level was low enough to ‘ have a go ’ themselves , and had paid dearly for it .

The type found some favour with civilian operators , mostly in the oil support business .
the type found some favour with civilian [users] , mostly in the oil support business .

The wireless station operators came out , but had no idea who Alcock and Brown were until Jack told them .
the wireless station [users] came out , but had no idea who alcock and brown were until jack told them .

Much to the consternation of the operators , Humphrey 's shabby figure would appear and then disappear into high-speed machinery .
much to the consternation of the [users] , humphrey 's shabby figure would appear and then disappear into high-speed machinery .

Doyle drew his restless gaze from the banks of silent consoles , and the rows of operators , many of them girls hardly out of school , and watched Cowley tear the sheet off and finish his cursory read of the contents .
doyle drew his restless gaze from the banks of silent consoles , and the rows of [users] , many of them girls hardly out of school , and watched cowley tear the sheet off and finish his cursory read of the contents .

It was compliments all round as the security operators celebrated a virtually+ trouble-free day and Springbok manager John Williams hailed English rugby as ‘ the most organised in the world ’ .
it was compliments all round as the security [users] celebrated a virtually+ trouble-free day and springbok manager john williams hailed english rugby as ‘ the most organised in the world ’ .

This month there are some excellent deals from tour operators , such as Portland which is offering a week 's half-board for £119 .
this month there are some excellent deals from tour [users] , such as portland which is offering a week 's half-board for £119 .

‘ My advice to cinema operators is to stock up on popcorn , ’ said Mr Sherak .
‘ my advice to cinema [users] is to stock up on popcorn , ’ said mr sherak .

Whether it be supermarkets , banks , car giants , finance houses , tour operators or manufacturers , the impact can be devastating and cost millions in wasted advertising and lost sales revenue .
whether it be supermarkets , banks , car giants , finance houses , tour [users] or manufacturers , the impact can be devastating and cost millions in wasted advertising and lost sales revenue .

The following are tour operators who specialise in ski holidays for families with children :
the following are tour [users] who specialise in ski holidays for families with children :

Cozydry is to be marketed as a franchise by leading franchise operators Riverside International , who created Home Choice Video .
cozydry is to be marketed as a franchise by leading franchise [users] riverside international , who created home choice video .

The thrill of spotting wildlife in its natural habitat is what keeps the tour operators in business . But with more accessible countries such as Kenya offering cheaper deals , bigger hotels and big game galore , why choose Botswana ?
the thrill of spotting wildlife in its natural habitat is what keeps the tour [users] in business . but with more accessible countries such as kenya offering cheaper deals , bigger hotels and big game galore , why choose botswana ?

Another difficulty posed by the Government 's scheme is working out how to charge competing private operators for track use .
another difficulty posed by the government 's scheme is working out how to charge competing private [users] for track use .

One point Airtours is anxious to make is that it is normal for discounting to take place during May , June and October ; children are still at school and tour operators try to tempt others to book their holidays .
one point airtours is anxious to make is that it is normal for discounting to take place during may , june and october ; children are still at school and tour [users] try to tempt others to book their holidays .

The eight to 10 weeks after schools have broken up for the summer are the peak period for tour operators , and it is only around mid-September that they can judge how successful they have been .
the eight to 10 weeks after schools have broken up for the summer are the peak period for tour [users] , and it is only around mid-september that they can judge how successful they have been .

Holiday bookings are up 20 % on last year and the stresses and strains of the recession and high interest rates are forcing smaller travel operators out of business .
holiday bookings are up 20 % on last year and the stresses and strains of the recession and high interest rates are forcing smaller travel [users] out of business .

The Commission also advocates separation between operators and regulators .
the commission also advocates separation between [users] and regulators .

An independent regulatory body should monitor the performance of all operators .
an independent regulatory body should monitor the performance of all [users] .

The major bus undertakings and the UndergrounD railways ( including the Metropolitan ) were also taken over on that day , and the minor bus operators were drawn in one at a time later , but the main line railway companies ( including their suburban services ) were excluded .
the major bus undertakings and the underground railways ( including the metropolitan ) were also taken over on that day , and the minor bus [users] were drawn in one at a time later , but the main line railway companies ( including their suburban services ) were excluded .

Owners Abroad and Thomas Cook Group announced plans of a possible link-up between the two tour operators ; but then Airtours launched a £221m hostile bid for Owners Abroad .
owners abroad and thomas cook group announced plans of a possible link-up between the two tour [users] ; but then airtours launched a £221m hostile bid for owners abroad .

It 's impossible to predict the eventual outcome of all of this competition , but the cellular operators will need to overcome some significant hurdles before British consumers ( business and domestic ) are entirely at ease with cellular phones analogue or digital .
it 's impossible to predict the eventual outcome of all of this competition , but the cellular [users] will need to overcome some significant hurdles before british consumers ( business and domestic ) are entirely at ease with cellular phones analogue or digital .

Both operators are currently battling it out by making special offers on their primary rate connection charges .
both [users] are currently battling it out by making special offers on their primary rate connection charges .

Family-orientated ski tour operators include .
family-orientated ski tour [users] include .

What this means is that far fewer people are putting pressure on their travel agents or package-tour operators than Elkington and Hailes were hoping for .
what this means is that far fewer people are putting pressure on their travel agents or package-tour [users] than elkington and hailes were hoping for .

But that will only happen if and when holidaymakers use their consumer power to insist that hotels , tour operators and international airlines take an active role in minimising their impact on the environment .
but that will only happen if and when holidaymakers use their consumer power to insist that hotels , tour [users] and international airlines take an active role in minimising their impact on the environment .

Some camcorders — and some operators — are much quieter than others , and the problem only becomes acute when you are recording indoors under quiet conditions ; outdoors , these unwanted sounds tend to be lost in the general background .
some camcorders — and some [users] — are much quieter than others , and the problem only becomes acute when you are recording indoors under quiet conditions ; outdoors , these unwanted sounds tend to be lost in the general background .

Many of us will find skiing an irresistible lure in the coming season — all of the big operators and many of the small ones are honouring no-surcharge guarantees ; and there has been heavy early season snow .
many of us will find skiing an irresistible lure in the coming season — all of the big [users] and many of the small ones are honouring no-surcharge guarantees ; and there has been heavy early season snow .

There are well over 100 tour operators in the ski market , offering everything from true luxury to bare minimum price holidays .
there are well over 100 tour [users] in the ski market , offering everything from true luxury to bare minimum price holidays .

If you are taking small children , lots of operators now offer special creche facilities .
if you are taking small children , lots of [users] now offer special creche facilities .

Taking account of ferry fares , petrol , road tolls and insurance , it should n't cost four more than £100 each — and many tour operators give discounts of more than this if you do n't take their flight .
taking account of ferry fares , petrol , road tolls and insurance , it should n't cost four more than £100 each — and many tour [users] give discounts of more than this if you do n't take their flight .

The research publication also contains details of the new independent pub operators — such as Enterprise Inns , Paramount , Pubmaster — which often acquired pubs when the majors were reducing their tied outlets to comply with the Beer Orders .
the research publication also contains details of the new independent pub [users] — such as enterprise inns , paramount , pubmaster — which often acquired pubs when the majors were reducing their tied outlets to comply with the beer orders .

Besides providing detailed information about regional brewers listed on the stock market , Flemings again publishes brief details about the outer fringe operators , many of which are privately owned .
besides providing detailed information about regional brewers listed on the stock market , flemings again publishes brief details about the outer fringe [users] , many of which are privately owned .

However , the Association represents only around 80 % of the finance and leasing industry , and many of the largest operators in the photocopier sector are not members .
however , the association represents only around 80 % of the finance and leasing industry , and many of the largest [users] in the photocopier sector are not members .

One of the radio control room operators heard her screaming in uncontrollable agony over the airwaves .
one of the radio control room [users] heard her screaming in uncontrollable agony over the airwaves .

But the two tour operators , Owners and Airtours , have already taken steps to ensure bigger business .
but the two tour [users] , owners and airtours , have already taken steps to ensure bigger business .

Trading down helped the firm grab business from smaller operators and more than made up for falling sales of its classier Gainsborough furniture in the six months to end September .
trading down helped the firm grab business from smaller [users] and more than made up for falling sales of its classier gainsborough furniture in the six months to end september .

‘ We felt that by cutting out the broker to reduce the cost , building up a team of very friendly tele-sales and tele-service operators to talk to customers and explain and do all the form filling for them , they would eventually sign .
‘ we felt that by cutting out the broker to reduce the cost , building up a team of very friendly tele-sales and tele-service [users] to talk to customers and explain and do all the form filling for them , they would eventually sign .

They recommend a strong , constructive personnel policy , including a structured management philosophy covering rules of conduct relating to the employment life cycle from recruitment , through continued education , performance evaluation , promotion , mandatory annual vacation , and employment termination , covering all employees from data entry operators to management information systems directors .
they recommend a strong , constructive personnel policy , including a structured management philosophy covering rules of conduct relating to the employment life cycle from recruitment , through continued education , performance evaluation , promotion , mandatory annual vacation , and employment termination , covering all employees from data entry [users] to management information systems directors .

Local operators hope that , if national commercial radio takes off , some cash will trickle down to them .
local [users] hope that , if national commercial radio takes off , some cash will trickle down to them .

Now millions of managers and other professionals , especially in America , use computers , voice-mail and faxes themselves , wiping out the need for typing pools , secretaries and telephone operators .
now millions of managers and other professionals , especially in america , use computers , voice-mail and faxes themselves , wiping out the need for typing pools , secretaries and telephone [users] .

Tomorrow 's workforce will include more professionals and technicians and fewer machine operators or clerks .
tomorrow 's workforce will include more professionals and technicians and fewer machine [users] or clerks .

Each Baby Bell can see its local-exchange monopoly coming under increasing pressure from cellular companies , private-line operators and nimble intermediaries offering customers alternative ways to reach long-distance operators .
each baby bell can see its local-exchange monopoly coming under increasing pressure from cellular companies , private-line [users] and nimble intermediaries offering customers alternative ways to reach long-distance [users] .

Fifteen states have passed laws enabling private operators to run roads and railways : the state of Washington did so last month .
fifteen states have passed laws enabling private [users] to run roads and railways : the state of washington did so last month .

They have honed their skills as developers and operators in privatisations elsewhere .
they have honed their skills as developers and [users] in privatisations elsewhere .

Four months later it was Legasov who led the Soviet delegation to the Vienna conference on the disaster , and it was the forcefulness of his opening five-hour speech that established the conventional wisdom about Chernobyl : that it had been caused by human error among the operators , that the measures taken to protect the population had been adequate , and that the Soviet Union had nothing to hide .
four months later it was legasov who led the soviet delegation to the vienna conference on the disaster , and it was the forcefulness of his opening five-hour speech that established the conventional wisdom about chernobyl : that it had been caused by human error among the [users] , that the measures taken to protect the population had been adequate , and that the soviet union had nothing to hide .

The flaw was known , but not to the operators on the fatal night ; in allowing the reactor 's power to rise with too many control rods withdrawn , they were unwittingly playing with fire .
the flaw was known , but not to the [users] on the fatal night ; in allowing the reactor 's power to rise with too many control rods withdrawn , they were unwittingly playing with fire .

Operators in other countries may maintain that they have ‘ commercial ’ digital services , but as yet they have few customers and they are finding it hard to rival the falling prices of analogue cellular networks .
[users] in other countries may maintain that they have ‘ commercial ’ digital services , but as yet they have few customers and they are finding it hard to rival the falling prices of analogue cellular networks .

Big operators have the political muscle to win development permits .
big [users] have the political muscle to win development permits .

For governments , large operators can offer reassurance that they will still be in business when today 's disposal facilities have been closed , to monitor them and ( if necessary ) pay to clean them up if they go wrong .
for governments , large [users] can offer reassurance that they will still be in business when today 's disposal facilities have been closed , to monitor them and ( if necessary ) pay to clean them up if they go wrong .

In America small town-dumps have been closed , or sold by the cities that owned them to private operators .
in america small town-dumps have been closed , or sold by the cities that owned them to private [users] .

At the same time , small operators have been disappearing .
at the same time , small [users] have been disappearing .

At present , they argue , landfill prices are actually declining as second-rate operators , in both the private and public sector , stuff rubbish into their dumps at bargain-basement prices .
at present , they argue , landfill prices are actually declining as second-rate [users] , in both the private and public sector , stuff rubbish into their dumps at bargain-basement prices .

When tougher controls eventually force these dumps to shut , the bigger companies fear , their operators will vanish , leaving the more reputable companies in the waste-management industry to carry the costs of cleaning up the mess .
when tougher controls eventually force these dumps to shut , the bigger companies fear , their [users] will vanish , leaving the more reputable companies in the waste-management industry to carry the costs of cleaning up the mess .

Liability is ‘ strict ’ : the government does not have to prove negligence , only that an enterprise was involved at a waste site ( mainly as the present or past owners and operators of the site , or the generator or shipper of the waste ) .
liability is ‘ strict ’ : the government does not have to prove negligence , only that an enterprise was involved at a waste site ( mainly as the present or past owners and [users] of the site , or the generator or shipper of the waste ) .

With the profits from these routes , CalMac covers most of the cost of the other services , some of which — like the year-round crossing to Canna ( 12 inhabitants ) — seem hardly attractive to private operators .
with the profits from these routes , calmac covers most of the cost of the other services , some of which — like the year-round crossing to canna ( 12 inhabitants ) — seem hardly attractive to private [users] .

One of America 's largest leveraged buy-out fund operators , Merrill Lynch , is planning to pull out of the business .
one of america 's largest leveraged buy-out fund [users] , merrill lynch , is planning to pull out of the business .

An electronic set of tricks simulates the real life timetable so that the operators receive and send all of the necessary signals as well as operating the appropriate signals .
an electronic set of tricks simulates the real life timetable so that the [users] receive and send all of the necessary signals as well as operating the appropriate signals .

All three trains are part of the ‘ Nostalgic Steam Days Out ’ banners of steam-haulage on the main line , jointly sponsored by Flying Scotsman Services Limited , InterCity and the steam Locomotive Operators Association .
all three trains are part of the ‘ nostalgic steam days out ’ banners of steam-haulage on the main line , jointly sponsored by flying scotsman services limited , intercity and the steam locomotive [users] association .

Very few have turned down the offer but anyone interested can contact the operators of the train on for up to the minute information .
very few have turned down the offer but anyone interested can contact the [users] of the train on for up to the minute information .

Central to these events were invitations to a number of Norseman operators and owners to bring their aircraft to Red Lake for the weekend and join in with the festivities . Ron Robinson took charge of this element and the gathering that was achieved might have caused him more than a few ulcers , but he had to admit was more than worth the effort !
central to these events were invitations to a number of norseman [users] and owners to bring their aircraft to red lake for the weekend and join in with the festivities . ron robinson took charge of this element and the gathering that was achieved might have caused him more than a few ulcers , but he had to admit was more than worth the effort !

The aerodrome crisis is the most serious situation facing all of us in aviation , whether operators , pilots or spectators ; but with no Government policy and a Civil Aviation Authority whose officers are not allowed to offer support , the futures of our airfields must be fought by the people who are most affected .
the aerodrome crisis is the most serious situation facing all of us in aviation , whether [users] , pilots or spectators ; but with no government policy and a civil aviation authority whose officers are not allowed to offer support , the futures of our airfields must be fought by the people who are most affected .

Some , on leaving school , move into teacher training where they are taught how to become the operators of the system of which they themselves are the products .
some , on leaving school , move into teacher training where they are taught how to become the [users] of the system of which they themselves are the products .

This happens to suit the human operators because most of their skills will transfer along the line of development of the machines and systems .
this happens to suit the human [users] because most of their skills will transfer along the line of development of the machines and systems .

From the engineering point of view the hardware technology is central and the operators tag along supporting the activity of machines which are basically doing the work .
from the engineering point of view the hardware technology is central and the [users] tag along supporting the activity of machines which are basically doing the work .

All working systems , including those incorporating advanced technology of processes and process control , depend on skilled operators .
all working systems , including those incorporating advanced technology of processes and process control , depend on skilled [users] .

Superficially the solution would seem to be to have two kinds of operators , those who carry out the routines and others who are on call should unforeseen emergencies arise .
superficially the solution would seem to be to have two kinds of [users] , those who carry out the routines and others who are on call should unforeseen emergencies arise .

Taking for example the nuclear power plant control room , the question is whether the desk operators should be expected to cope with all emergencies which appear within the total information presentation or whether , for complex and dangerous situations , a more senior person such as the shift-charge engineer should be called upon to make the decisions .
taking for example the nuclear power plant control room , the question is whether the desk [users] should be expected to cope with all emergencies which appear within the total information presentation or whether , for complex and dangerous situations , a more senior person such as the shift-charge engineer should be called upon to make the decisions .

The unique feature of ergonomics is its emphasis on the characteristics of human operators and their relevance to the design of work .
the unique feature of ergonomics is its emphasis on the characteristics of human [users] and their relevance to the design of work .

Mechanical devices and human operators are not comparable physically beyond the mundane level of size but they are comparable as different sub-systems whose performance can be described and assessed in terms of the common metrics of energy and information .
mechanical devices and human [users] are not comparable physically beyond the mundane level of size but they are comparable as different sub-systems whose performance can be described and assessed in terms of the common metrics of energy and information .

The control room is part of the communications channel between the human operators and the mechanisms and its design , as a man-machine interface , is one of the key ergonomics problems in power stations .
the control room is part of the communications channel between the human [users] and the mechanisms and its design , as a man-machine interface , is one of the key ergonomics problems in power stations .

In either case , there will eventually be a need for the consideration of the kinds of human operators required and how they are to be selected and trained .
in either case , there will eventually be a need for the consideration of the kinds of human [users] required and how they are to be selected and trained .

The operators of plant are bound to discover by experience aspects of the design which could be improved .
the [users] of plant are bound to discover by experience aspects of the design which could be improved .

They include the documentation of the design itself , communication within the design team , between designers and suppliers and between designers and operators ( fig .
they include the documentation of the design itself , communication within the design team , between designers and suppliers and between designers and [users] ( fig .

Although the human operator is for many purposes within ergonomics appropriately considered as a mere information processing device , any design issue must be considered in the context that these human operators are individuals and citizens within communities .
although the human operator is for many purposes within ergonomics appropriately considered as a mere information processing device , any design issue must be considered in the context that these human [users] are individuals and citizens within communities .

In a military command and control situation these will typically be sub-system operators , supervisors and customers using the output ( p. 243 ) .
in a military command and control situation these will typically be sub-system [users] , supervisors and customers using the output ( p. 243 ) .

Such discussions will centre on the operators themselves but may also involve others such as the management , the training officers , the safety specialists and the system designers .
such discussions will centre on the [users] themselves but may also involve others such as the management , the training officers , the safety specialists and the system designers .

There will often be complications in that there can be two or more operators working simultaneously with overlapping tasks .
there will often be complications in that there can be two or more [users] working simultaneously with overlapping tasks .

The operators themselves will again have a different version .
the [users] themselves will again have a different version .

Even between operators carrying out what is ostensibly the same task there will be discrepancies , particularly if the discussion extends from what is required to the way these requirements are met .
even between [users] carrying out what is ostensibly the same task there will be discrepancies , particularly if the discussion extends from what is required to the way these requirements are met .

Occasionally overlap may have the opposite effect due to the ‘ falling between two stools ’ phenomenon , two operators at the same level or at different levels may each assume that the other has taken a particular action which they both know is required .
occasionally overlap may have the opposite effect due to the ‘ falling between two stools ’ phenomenon , two [users] at the same level or at different levels may each assume that the other has taken a particular action which they both know is required .

The increased importance of standardised informational support for both machines and operators has led to the concept of procedures as a separate design issue within a system ( Fig .
the increased importance of standardised informational support for both machines and [users] has led to the concept of procedures as a separate design issue within a system ( fig .

Most computer operators do not know or wish to know about the mechanisms , and in any case these are not accessible to vision and manipulation .
most computer [users] do not know or wish to know about the mechanisms , and in any case these are not accessible to vision and manipulation .

Thus it follows that skill training is more generalised and generalisable and is better fitted to the overall role of human operators .
thus it follows that skill training is more generalised and generalisable and is better fitted to the overall role of human [users] .

Skill descriptions are generalisable in that human operators have characteristic abilities and limitations and therefore have tendencies to perform in the same way .
skill descriptions are generalisable in that human [users] have characteristic abilities and limitations and therefore have tendencies to perform in the same way .

For example , in training manually guided missile operators the degree of transfer is appropriately measured by ‘ first shot ’ success whereas in training and retraining flight deck crew the long term contribution to safety is the appropriate measure .
for example , in training manually guided missile [users] the degree of transfer is appropriately measured by ‘ first shot ’ success whereas in training and retraining flight deck crew the long term contribution to safety is the appropriate measure .

proper training for the end users ' operators in the use of the Licensed Software
proper training for the end users ' [users] in the use of the licensed software

It caused a lot of financial pain to a lot of people , and especially to the fast operators in the City who were over-extended with investments in secondary stocks and flashy shell companies .
it caused a lot of financial pain to a lot of people , and especially to the fast [users] in the city who were over-extended with investments in secondary stocks and flashy shell companies .

It seems the recession is still with us and hitting certain vulnerable steam operators hard regardless of their location , past performance or financial position in the market .
it seems the recession is still with us and hitting certain vulnerable steam [users] hard regardless of their location , past performance or financial position in the market .

It was a major task but the skill of the steam crane operators together with our own workforce combined to complete the work in just three hours .
it was a major task but the skill of the steam crane [users] together with our own workforce combined to complete the work in just three hours .

Visitors are also transported back to 1905 and the ‘ International Tramway and Light Railway ’ trade show which was held in that year to show the range of equipment on offer to operators and would-be operators at a time when the electric tramcar was looked upon as the wonder of the age .
visitors are also transported back to 1905 and the ‘ international tramway and light railway ’ trade show which was held in that year to show the range of equipment on offer to [users] and would-be [users] at a time when the electric tramcar was looked upon as the wonder of the age .

As far as operational details are concerned perhaps the most interesting feature is the way tour operators are usually part of larger , more diversified , groups .
as far as operational details are concerned perhaps the most interesting feature is the way tour [users] are usually part of larger , more diversified , groups .

Table 11.5 shows the main operators and their seat capacity in 1985 .
table 11.5 shows the main [users] and their seat capacity in 1985 .

These ‘ leading operators ’ need not be the ones holding the largest share of any particular market sector .
these ‘ leading [users] ’ need not be the ones holding the largest share of any particular market sector .

That may still accrue to one of the main operators already mentioned .
that may still accrue to one of the main [users] already mentioned .

Table 11.7 pointed out that 10 per cent of air tour operators ' costs represented travel agents ' commission .
table 11.7 pointed out that 10 per cent of air tour [users] ' costs represented travel agents ' commission .

In the first place , the march of the multiples and diversification by travel operators themselves is likely to undermine the traditional relationships established between travel agents and operators .
in the first place , the march of the multiples and diversification by travel [users] themselves is likely to undermine the traditional relationships established between travel agents and [users] .

It was the small firms who first spotted specialized market segments and exploited them , and they are encouraged in this by the ability to sub-contract most of the holiday provision to other operators .
it was the small firms who first spotted specialized market segments and exploited them , and they are encouraged in this by the ability to sub-contract most of the holiday provision to other [users] .

Thomson , for instance , was reported to have sold 400,000 1986 holidays in two weeks in November 1985 at the height of the price war , and other main operators probably did equally well .
thomson , for instance , was reported to have sold 400,000 1986 holidays in two weeks in november 1985 at the height of the price war , and other main [users] probably did equally well .

However , tendencies in the economy and in the internal organization of firms were likely to have allowed this without too great an increase in risk to longer term financial viability for the larger operators .
however , tendencies in the economy and in the internal organization of firms were likely to have allowed this without too great an increase in risk to longer term financial viability for the larger [users] .

skills ( Prompts ; moves towards more flexible use of skills/job redesign/new working practices/breakdown of previous demarcations [ between and within trades — between craftsmen and operators — between craftsmen and white-collar staff ] /new emphasis on training )
skills ( prompts ; moves towards more flexible use of skills/job redesign/new working practices/breakdown of previous demarcations [ between and within trades — between craftsmen and [users] — between craftsmen and white-collar staff ] /new emphasis on training )

Schonberger ( 1986 ) argues that ‘ world-class manufacturing ’ status is not achieved merely by purchasing the latest equipment , and that the key roles of shop-floor operators in equipment set-up , maintenance and quality control need to be recombined .
schonberger ( 1986 ) argues that ‘ world-class manufacturing ’ status is not achieved merely by purchasing the latest equipment , and that the key roles of shop-floor [users] in equipment set-up , maintenance and quality control need to be recombined .

Much of the routine preventive maintenance is done by the operators who use the machines .
much of the routine preventive maintenance is done by the [users] who use the machines .

As Table 2.5 shows , some 70 per cent of agency workers are in eight narrowly defined occupations — systems analysts and programmers , nurses , draughtsmen , clerks , secretaries and receptionists , office machine operators , telephonists , and bus and lorry drivers — which account for only 18 per cent of total employment .
as table 2.5 shows , some 70 per cent of agency workers are in eight narrowly defined occupations — systems analysts and programmers , nurses , draughtsmen , clerks , secretaries and receptionists , office machine [users] , telephonists , and bus and lorry drivers — which account for only 18 per cent of total employment .

Whilst the jobs in question were production line rather than craft jobs , the off-the-job training necessary to Produce competent operators lasted ( with interruptions ) at least three weeks .
whilst the jobs in question were production line rather than craft jobs , the off-the-job training necessary to produce competent [users] lasted ( with interruptions ) at least three weeks .

Movements and rotations specified by the operators , which work by re-positioning the part on the viewing screen , will cause the associated data file to be updated and hence the relevant graphical function to be re-drawn ( see Figure 7.5 ) .
movements and rotations specified by the [users] , which work by re-positioning the part on the viewing screen , will cause the associated data file to be updated and hence the relevant graphical function to be re-drawn ( see figure 7.5 ) .

Weeks earlier , around the advent of the Ma'badong dancers , it had been abandoned by its relay of inexpert operators , and had ceased to scream .
weeks earlier , around the advent of the ma'badong dancers , it had been abandoned by its relay of inexpert [users] , and had ceased to scream .

Papcun , Krashen , Terbeek , Remington and Harshman ( 1974 ) presented short Morse code sequences to naive and experienced Morse operators and found a significant right ear advantage in both groups of subjects .
papcun , krashen , terbeek , remington and harshman ( 1974 ) presented short morse code sequences to naive and experienced morse [users] and found a significant right ear advantage in both groups of subjects .

However , longer Morse sequences yielded an advantage for the left ear , but only for the experienced operators .
however , longer morse sequences yielded an advantage for the left ear , but only for the experienced [users] .

This is not quite as simple as it sounds : the camera operators have to shoot in such a way that their two pictures will edit together , and skilled editing is required .
this is not quite as simple as it sounds : the camera [users] have to shoot in such a way that their two pictures will edit together , and skilled editing is required .

requires three operators
requires three [users]

do accept , though , that personal service workers such as shop assistants , check-out and wrap operators , and receptionists are little different to the working class .
do accept , though , that personal service workers such as shop assistants , check-out and wrap [users] , and receptionists are little different to the working class .

The revenue required to support bus services in Gwynedd , for example , rose by almost three times between 1974/75 and 1978/79 , yet the £700,000 subsidy in the last year was worth considerably less to operators at that time than earlier subsidies had been .
the revenue required to support bus services in gwynedd , for example , rose by almost three times between 1974/75 and 1978/79 , yet the £700,000 subsidy in the last year was worth considerably less to [users] at that time than earlier subsidies had been .

Sparsity of population in some rural counties of Britain can create considerable problems for bus operators .
sparsity of population in some rural counties of britain can create considerable problems for bus [users] .

The net loss of route mileage by one mainly rural operator ( Gosville 's , of mid- and North Wales ) was 24 per cent between 1938 and 1979 , but this was mitigated by re-adoption of some routes by other operators , leaving a net loss of 13 per cent to the public transport system .
the net loss of route mileage by one mainly rural operator ( gosville 's , of mid- and north wales ) was 24 per cent between 1938 and 1979 , but this was mitigated by re-adoption of some routes by other [users] , leaving a net loss of 13 per cent to the public transport system .

The interchange of routes between operators complicates analysis , but operators in South Wales also appear to have made a net loss of some 12 per cent of mileage since 1939 .
the interchange of routes between [users] complicates analysis , but [users] in south wales also appear to have made a net loss of some 12 per cent of mileage since 1939 .

The Transport Act 1980 has attempted to encourage private operators to enter passenger transport under the philosophy that more competition will lead to better services .
the transport act 1980 has attempted to encourage private [users] to enter passenger transport under the philosophy that more competition will lead to better services .

In the event , in a number of rural areas small-scale operators have managed to provide services at cheaper costs than have been managed by larger national firms , mainly because of lower overheads .
in the event , in a number of rural areas small-scale [users] have managed to provide services at cheaper costs than have been managed by larger national firms , mainly because of lower overheads .

There are still critics , however , who believe that only the more profitable routes will be retained in this system ; that it places too great a reliance upon operators identifying socially important routes , and seeking and obtaining subsidies to maintain them ; and that a piecemeal system will result .
there are still critics , however , who believe that only the more profitable routes will be retained in this system ; that it places too great a reliance upon [users] identifying socially important routes , and seeking and obtaining subsidies to maintain them ; and that a piecemeal system will result .

Although Port-au-Prince was under fire from the oldest and most primitive of artillery pieces , which were so ill-preserved as to be as dangerous to their operators as to their targets , the effect was still terrifying to the populace , who were unused to the banshee wail that echoed overhead and preceded bone-crushing explosive impacts .
although port-au-prince was under fire from the oldest and most primitive of artillery pieces , which were so ill-preserved as to be as dangerous to their [users] as to their targets , the effect was still terrifying to the populace , who were unused to the banshee wail that echoed overhead and preceded bone-crushing explosive impacts .

Computer Operators
computer [users]

Recent reports suggesting that 70–80 % of severe congenital abnormalities may be detected by routine fetal anomaly scanning by trained non-medical operators with modern equipment would considerably increase the proportion of preventable congenital abnormalities .
recent reports suggesting that 70–80 % of severe congenital abnormalities may be detected by routine fetal anomaly scanning by trained non-medical [users] with modern equipment would considerably increase the proportion of preventable congenital abnormalities .

Thin strips of aluminium , bolted onto the midriff , successfully disguised the break in the casing that would allow the Operators to get in and out of their Dalek machines .
thin strips of aluminium , bolted onto the midriff , successfully disguised the break in the casing that would allow the [users] to get in and out of their dalek machines .

In 1966 , when the Visual Effects Department finally took on Doctor Who , they too rebuilt the Daleks , enlarging the midriff sections to make them wider and taller after operators had complained of chaffed and scraped shoulders .
in 1966 , when the visual effects department finally took on doctor who , they too rebuilt the daleks , enlarging the midriff sections to make them wider and taller after [users] had complained of chaffed and scraped shoulders .

Given any such state , there are two operators which act on it .
given any such state , there are two [users] which act on it .

The art of search lies in choosing a short sequence of operators which will lead the search to a goal quickly .
the art of search lies in choosing a short sequence of [users] which will lead the search to a goal quickly .

There are two operators .
there are two [users] .

Its edges are labelled with the operators between states .
its edges are labelled with the [users] between states .

Pieces can be put on the board in any order , so one position can arise via several sequences of operators .
pieces can be put on the board in any order , so one position can arise via several sequences of [users] .

Notice that the language discussed here is only intended to describe the individual states and the goal of the task , and the conditions for applying operators .
notice that the language discussed here is only intended to describe the individual states and the goal of the task , and the conditions for applying [users] .

It is not adequate for describing the task 's operators , nor does it suffice for description of the whole search space .
it is not adequate for describing the task 's [users] , nor does it suffice for description of the whole search space .

Also , an unexpressive language permits few operators , so the search 's branching ratio is small .
also , an unexpressive language permits few [users] , so the search 's branching ratio is small .

Also , this representation suggests a particular limited set of just eight operators : Given any incomplete state , the jth operator adds a queen in the jth column .
also , this representation suggests a particular limited set of just eight [users] : given any incomplete state , the jth operator adds a queen in the jth column .

the operators in the planner 's simulation may be reversible , or
the [users] in the planner 's simulation may be reversible , or

It is also useful when some operators in real life are reversible but ’ expensive ’ , and they can be simulated by cheaper ones .
it is also useful when some [users] in real life are reversible but ’ expensive ’ , and they can be simulated by cheaper ones .

all operators are reversible ;
all [users] are reversible ;

Operators of the new space are the reverses of operators of the original .
[users] of the new space are the reverses of [users] of the original .

The real task does not have reversible operators , but any planning simulation of it will .
the real task does not have reversible [users] , but any planning simulation of it will .

2.3.4 Monotonic operators and theorem proving
2.3.4 monotonic [users] and theorem proving

The two operators of the blocks world are not monotonic .
the two [users] of the blocks world are not monotonic .

Almost all monotonic operators are reversible : If the operator adds a new truth , then its reverse just forgets that truth again .
almost all monotonic [users] are reversible : if the operator adds a new truth , then its reverse just forgets that truth again .

They say that search is monotonic if , whenever two operators can be applied to a state , either can still be applied to the state produced by the other .
they say that search is monotonic if , whenever two [users] can be applied to a state , either can still be applied to the state produced by the other .

Its distinguishing feature is that it uses only a very few basic operators — typically just one , called modus ponens , or some equivalent — which are very well understood and reliable .
its distinguishing feature is that it uses only a very few basic [users] — typically just one , called modus ponens , or some equivalent — which are very well understood and reliable .

All its operators are both monotonic and reversible .
all its [users] are both monotonic and reversible .

The major difference between theorem proving and other forms of monotonic search is just the choice of basic operators .
the major difference between theorem proving and other forms of monotonic search is just the choice of basic [users] .

When it comes to learning , there is a more significant difference because a general monotonic learner may be permitted to invent new basic operators , and these may be ill understood and unreliable .
when it comes to learning , there is a more significant difference because a general monotonic learner may be permitted to invent new basic [users] , and these may be ill understood and unreliable .

Are all operators reversible ?
are all [users] reversible ?

Are all operators monotonic ? ( We assume some standard representation of the task by predicates . )
are all [users] monotonic ? ( we assume some standard representation of the task by predicates . )

Are all operators reversible ? yes
are all [users] reversible ? yes

Are all operators monotonic ? yes
are all [users] monotonic ? yes

Are all operators reversible ? yes
are all [users] reversible ? yes

Are all operators monotonic ? yes
are all [users] monotonic ? yes

Are all operators reversible ? yes
are all [users] reversible ? yes

Are all operators monotonic ? no
are all [users] monotonic ? no

Are all operators reversible ? if searching for a goal : no if searching for a path : yes
are all [users] reversible ? if searching for a goal : no if searching for a path : yes

Are all operators monotonic ? no
are all [users] monotonic ? no

Are all operators reversible ? yes
are all [users] reversible ? yes

Are all operators monotonic ? no
are all [users] monotonic ? no

Are all operators reversible ? yes
are all [users] reversible ? yes

Are all operators monotonic ? no
are all [users] monotonic ? no

Are all operators reversible ? yes ( in the naive space )
are all [users] reversible ? yes ( in the naive space )

Are all operators monotonic ? no
are all [users] monotonic ? no

Are all operators reversible ? yes
are all [users] reversible ? yes

Are all operators monotonic ? no
are all [users] monotonic ? no

Are all operators reversible ? yes
are all [users] reversible ? yes

Are all operators monotonic ? yes
are all [users] monotonic ? yes

Are all operators reversible ? no
are all [users] reversible ? no

Are all operators monotonic ? yes
are all [users] monotonic ? yes

Are all operators reversible ? no
are all [users] reversible ? no

Are all operators monotonic ? no
are all [users] monotonic ? no

Are all operators reversible ? yes
are all [users] reversible ? yes

Are all operators monotonic ? yes
are all [users] monotonic ? yes

These algorithms are most suited to tasks with small branching ratios and reversible operators , and with simple states so that the algorithm can remember several states at a time .
these algorithms are most suited to tasks with small branching ratios and reversible [users] , and with simple states so that the algorithm can remember several states at a time .

when the task 's operators are irreversible .
when the task 's [users] are irreversible .

The usual strategy in real irreversible searches is the following : Choose some function f of the operators of the search task .
the usual strategy in real irreversible searches is the following : choose some function f of the [users] of the search task .

So far , we have taken the operators for granted .
so far , we have taken the [users] for granted .

In practice , finding which operators apply to some node is often a substantial part of the searching process .
in practice , finding which [users] apply to some node is often a substantial part of the searching process .

Chemical engineering companies found that their very large complex expensive process plants could be controlled better by computer than by human operators .
chemical engineering companies found that their very large complex expensive process plants could be controlled better by computer than by human [users] .

The United Kingdom based itself in that regard on international law and on the need for the flag state effectively to exercise jurisdiction over the owners , charterers and operators of vessels flying its flag .
the united kingdom based itself in that regard on international law and on the need for the flag state effectively to exercise jurisdiction over the owners , charterers and [users] of vessels flying its flag .

The applicants in the main proceedings stated in that connection that there were ‘ traditional communities ’ of fishermen resident in the United Kingdom which there might arguably be a case for protecting by a requirement relating to the residence of the crew or ‘ operators ’ of fishing vessels .
the applicants in the main proceedings stated in that connection that there were ‘ traditional communities ’ of fishermen resident in the united kingdom which there might arguably be a case for protecting by a requirement relating to the residence of the crew or ‘ [users] ’ of fishing vessels .

The argument put forward by the member states mentioned above is tantamount to seeking to graft on to the derogation from the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality a second derogation as regards fishing vessels relating to the nationality of the owners or operators of such vessels .
the argument put forward by the member states mentioned above is tantamount to seeking to graft on to the derogation from the principle of non-discrimination on grounds of nationality a second derogation as regards fishing vessels relating to the nationality of the owners or [users] of such vessels .

25 . In order to facilitate consideration of the national court 's question ( 2 ) it appears advisable to divide it into sections depending on whether it relates to the nationality or the place of residence of the owners and operators ( ‘ operator ’ covers charterers , managers or operators within the meaning of section 14(1) ( c ) of the Act of 1988 ) , or to the place from which the vessel is operated , and hence to reformulate it as follows :
25 . in order to facilitate consideration of the national court 's question ( 2 ) it appears advisable to divide it into sections depending on whether it relates to the nationality or the place of residence of the owners and [users] ( ‘ operator ’ covers charterers , managers or [users] within the meaning of section 14(1) ( c ) of the act of 1988 ) , or to the place from which the vessel is operated , and hence to reformulate it as follows :

As for companies from other member states , which by virtue of the first paragraph of article 58 are equated to natural persons for the purposes of the application of the provisions on the right of establishment , the Act of 1988 deprives them of the right to establish themselves in the United Kingdom through the intermediary of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , since it provides that only companies set up under the laws of the United Kingdom may be owners and operators of fishing vessels , and restricts their right of participation in the capital of companies or firms , as the corresponding right of natural persons is restricted by the Act .
as for companies from other member states , which by virtue of the first paragraph of article 58 are equated to natural persons for the purposes of the application of the provisions on the right of establishment , the act of 1988 deprives them of the right to establish themselves in the united kingdom through the intermediary of agencies , branches or subsidiaries , since it provides that only companies set up under the laws of the united kingdom may be owners and [users] of fishing vessels , and restricts their right of participation in the capital of companies or firms , as the corresponding right of natural persons is restricted by the act .

However , since the court held that a requirement that the crew reside on shore in the member state in question was not related to the aim of the quota system , no reason can be seen which might induce the court to take the view that residence and domicile requirements imposed on all owners and operators of fishing vessels and on 75 per cent .
however , since the court held that a requirement that the crew reside on shore in the member state in question was not related to the aim of the quota system , no reason can be seen which might induce the court to take the view that residence and domicile requirements imposed on all owners and [users] of fishing vessels and on 75 per cent .

From its wording , the question does not seem to relate to the requirement for vessels to be operated from within the flag state but merely to the case where , following the introduction of new registration requirements , a vessel loses its flag because the owners and operators are nationals of other member states and are resident and domiciled in those states .
from its wording , the question does not seem to relate to the requirement for vessels to be operated from within the flag state but merely to the case where , following the introduction of new registration requirements , a vessel loses its flag because the owners and [users] are nationals of other member states and are resident and domiciled in those states .

( 2 ) ( a ) It is contrary to Community law for a member state to stipulate as a requirement for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the owners and operators of the vessel , whether they be natural or legal persons , or 75 per cent .
( 2 ) ( a ) it is contrary to community law for a member state to stipulate as a requirement for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register that the owners and [users] of the vessel , whether they be natural or legal persons , or 75 per cent .

of the directors and shareholders of a company owning or operating the vessel must be nationals of the state , even if the competent national authority has the legal power to dispense with that requirement in the case of certain persons ; ( b ) it is contrary to Community law for a member state to lay down as a requirement for registration that the owners , operators , shareholders and directors , as the case may be , must reside and be domiciled in that member state and , in the case of a company , that it must have its principal place of business there ; and ( c ) it is not contrary to Community law for a member state to make the grant of its flag subject to the requirement that the vessel must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .
of the directors and shareholders of a company owning or operating the vessel must be nationals of the state , even if the competent national authority has the legal power to dispense with that requirement in the case of certain persons ; ( b ) it is contrary to community law for a member state to lay down as a requirement for registration that the owners , [users] , shareholders and directors , as the case may be , must reside and be domiciled in that member state and , in the case of a company , that it must have its principal place of business there ; and ( c ) it is not contrary to community law for a member state to make the grant of its flag subject to the requirement that the vessel must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .

According to the documents before the court , the applicants in the main proceedings are the owners or operators of 95 fishing vessels which were registered in the register of British vessels under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 .
according to the documents before the court , the applicants in the main proceedings are the owners or [users] of 95 fishing vessels which were registered in the register of british vessels under the merchant shipping act 1894 .

( i ) Must Community law and , in particular , the principles of freedom of establishment , non-discrimination on grounds of nationality and proportionality be interpreted as precluding a member state from stipulating as conditions for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register : ( a ) that the legal owners and beneficial owners and the charterers , managers and operators of the vessel must be nationals of that member state or companies incorporated in that member state , and that , in the latter case , at least 75 per cent .
( i ) must community law and , in particular , the principles of freedom of establishment , non-discrimination on grounds of nationality and proportionality be interpreted as precluding a member state from stipulating as conditions for the registration of a fishing vessel in its national register : ( a ) that the legal owners and beneficial owners and the charterers , managers and [users] of the vessel must be nationals of that member state or companies incorporated in that member state , and that , in the latter case , at least 75 per cent .

of the directors of the company must be nationals of that member state ; ( b ) that the said legal owners and beneficial owners , charterers , managers , operators , shareholders and directors , as the case may be , must be resident and domiciled in that member state ; ( c ) that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ?
of the directors of the company must be nationals of that member state ; ( b ) that the said legal owners and beneficial owners , charterers , managers , [users] , shareholders and directors , as the case may be , must be resident and domiciled in that member state ; ( c ) that the vessel in question must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ?

As for the requirement for the owners , charterers , managers and operators of the vessel and , in the case of a company , the shareholders and directors , to be resident and domiciled in the member state in which the vessel is to be registered , it must be held that such a requirement , which is not justified by the rights and obligations created by the grant of a national flag to a vessel , results in discrimination on grounds of nationality .
as for the requirement for the owners , charterers , managers and [users] of the vessel and , in the case of a company , the shareholders and directors , to be resident and domiciled in the member state in which the vessel is to be registered , it must be held that such a requirement , which is not justified by the rights and obligations created by the grant of a national flag to a vessel , results in discrimination on grounds of nationality .

The question of the removal of pile and swing moorings to ease the congested fairway is not a clandestine attempt by marina operators for extra berths , but was a matter instigated originally by the harbour master , Captain Colin Nicholl , an employee of Hampshire County Council .
the question of the removal of pile and swing moorings to ease the congested fairway is not a clandestine attempt by marina [users] for extra berths , but was a matter instigated originally by the harbour master , captain colin nicholl , an employee of hampshire county council .

Hassan grabbed the radio operators microphone and shouted words to this effect ; `` This is the navigator .
hassan grabbed the radio [users] microphone and shouted words to this effect ; `` this is the navigator .

Euro Disney claims that one of its tour operators has sold 70 per cent of its first three months of Euro Disney allocations .
euro disney claims that one of its tour [users] has sold 70 per cent of its first three months of euro disney allocations .

Will commercial vehicle operators buy long-lasting , reliable but expensive quality tyres , or cheap , short-life imports and re-moulds ?
will commercial vehicle [users] buy long-lasting , reliable but expensive quality tyres , or cheap , short-life imports and re-moulds ?

Mr. Allen : Will the Hon. Gentleman consider using some of the time of those operators for the installation of a fax machine which could be used collectively by right Hon. and Hon. Members rather than duplicating many times a facility that could be provided and serviced by one additional member of staff , or even by current members of stall ?
mr. allen : will the hon. gentleman consider using some of the time of those [users] for the installation of a fax machine which could be used collectively by right hon. and hon. members rather than duplicating many times a facility that could be provided and serviced by one additional member of staff , or even by current members of stall ?

( b ) to make recommendations to bus operators and the Secretary of State regarding the effects of this Act on bus passengers in Scotland .
( b ) to make recommendations to bus [users] and the secretary of state regarding the effects of this act on bus passengers in scotland .

New clause 5 proposes the establishment of a body , to be called the Scottish bus passengers ' consultative committee , to monitor the effects of the legislation on passengers and to make recommendations to bus operators and the Secretary of State .
new clause 5 proposes the establishment of a body , to be called the scottish bus passengers ' consultative committee , to monitor the effects of the legislation on passengers and to make recommendations to bus [users] and the secretary of state .

The Secretary of State would have power to direct operators who are the beneficiaries of disposals under the legislation to implement any of the Committee 's recommendations , and would lay before Parliament proposals for the establishment of composition of the Committee .
the secretary of state would have power to direct [users] who are the beneficiaries of disposals under the legislation to implement any of the committee 's recommendations , and would lay before parliament proposals for the establishment of composition of the committee .

The Minister used such phrases as `` `` We hope `` , We will advise `` , or `` We will suggest `` that private operators should take account of consumer interest .
the minister used such phrases as `` `` we hope `` , we will advise `` , or `` we will suggest `` that private [users] should take account of consumer interest .

The new clause will allow a consultative committee to make recommendations to bus operators and to the Secretary of State about the effect of the Act on bus passengers in Scotland . If no such committee is formed , who or what will make those recommendations ?
the new clause will allow a consultative committee to make recommendations to bus [users] and to the secretary of state about the effect of the act on bus passengers in scotland . if no such committee is formed , who or what will make those recommendations ?

The new clause provides him with an opportunity to ensure that Scottish people are provided with a consultative committee of men and women who will look after the public 's interests and recommend to bus operators what they ought to do to improve services .
the new clause provides him with an opportunity to ensure that scottish people are provided with a consultative committee of men and women who will look after the public 's interests and recommend to bus [users] what they ought to do to improve services .

If the bus operators do not accept its recommendations , the consultative committee should be able to ask the Secretary of State for Scotland to take action .
if the bus [users] do not accept its recommendations , the consultative committee should be able to ask the secretary of state for scotland to take action .

It refers to the duty being placed on the new committee , ( a ) to monitor the effects of this Act on bus passengers in Scotland ; and , ( b ) to make recommendations to bus operators and the Secretary of State regarding the effects of this Act on bus passengers in Scotland . ``
it refers to the duty being placed on the new committee , ( a ) to monitor the effects of this act on bus passengers in scotland ; and , ( b ) to make recommendations to bus [users] and the secretary of state regarding the effects of this act on bus passengers in scotland . ``

They are to promote competition , to bring private sector bus operators into the market and put them in charge of what are now public sector subsidiaries .
they are to promote competition , to bring private sector bus [users] into the market and put them in charge of what are now public sector subsidiaries .

" The Secretary of State shall have the power to direct bus operators operating undertakings disposed of under this Act to implement any recommendations of the Scottish Bus Passengers ' Consultative Committee . "
" the secretary of state shall have the power to direct bus [users] operating undertakings disposed of under this act to implement any recommendations of the scottish bus passengers ' consultative committee . "

No duty is laid on the majority of commercial operators to pay any attention to the specifications .
no duty is laid on the majority of commercial [users] to pay any attention to the specifications .

The answer is , of course , that the new clause does not relate to all the private operators , but it does relate to the subsidiaries being set up in the Bill .
the answer is , of course , that the new clause does not relate to all the private [users] , but it does relate to the subsidiaries being set up in the bill .

The new clause , to which the Hon. Member addressed himself particularly , provides that there should be a new body called the Scottish bus passengers consultative committee , whose job would be to monitor the effects of the Bill on bus passengers in Scotland . The committee would make recommendations to bus operators
the new clause , to which the hon. member addressed himself particularly , provides that there should be a new body called the scottish bus passengers consultative committee , whose job would be to monitor the effects of the bill on bus passengers in scotland . the committee would make recommendations to bus [users]

The committee would make representations to bus operators and to the Secretary of State , who could then direct any of the privatised Scottish Bus Group subsidiaries to implement any such recommendation .
the committee would make representations to bus [users] and to the secretary of state , who could then direct any of the privatised scottish bus group subsidiaries to implement any such recommendation .

She was constantly at the telex machine , her old wartime training coming into its own , and was more adept than those the company hired as telex operators .
she was constantly at the telex machine , her old wartime training coming into its own , and was more adept than those the company hired as telex [users] .

— Operators ( to load , run and unload the computer )
— [users] ( to load , run and unload the computer )

increased job satisfaction among operators
increased job satisfaction among [users]

In both the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl accidents , the operators misread the reactor 's condition and shut off the emergency systems at the wrong moment .
in both the three mile island and chernobyl accidents , the [users] misread the reactor 's condition and shut off the emergency systems at the wrong moment .

In 1989 , the World Association of Nuclear Operators was established to encourage exchange of information on operational safety and to initiate technical exchange visits between nuclear engineers to help improve safety standards .
in 1989 , the world association of nuclear [users] was established to encourage exchange of information on operational safety and to initiate technical exchange visits between nuclear engineers to help improve safety standards .

In the event of trouble , many of the non-union operators now would have easier access — in some cases for the first time — to the political system and its protective police arm .
in the event of trouble , many of the non-union [users] now would have easier access — in some cases for the first time — to the political system and its protective police arm .

If she is staying in a comfortable hotel , has a caddie to look after her needs at the golf course and can travel on the packages arranged by the Tour 's travel operators , then she is more likely to be able to devote her full concentration on her golf .
if she is staying in a comfortable hotel , has a caddie to look after her needs at the golf course and can travel on the packages arranged by the tour 's travel [users] , then she is more likely to be able to devote her full concentration on her golf .

For the smarter operators the conventional recommendations of consultants , echoed across interminable seminars , lose their sense of urgency .
for the smarter [users] the conventional recommendations of consultants , echoed across interminable seminars , lose their sense of urgency .

( As to the last , it should perhaps be remembered that both the collected credit operators and some of the finance houses have this facility too , although Mr Langhorn said only the agencies do it . )
( as to the last , it should perhaps be remembered that both the collected credit [users] and some of the finance houses have this facility too , although mr langhorn said only the agencies do it . )

Since 1986 the proportion will have fallen even further , as some Conservative local authorities have sold their old people 's homes to either private operators or housing associations .
since 1986 the proportion will have fallen even further , as some conservative local authorities have sold their old people 's homes to either private [users] or housing associations .

Smooth operators
smooth [users]

List of tour operators featuring the above resorts ( where applicable ) and their telephone numbers
list of tour [users] featuring the above resorts ( where applicable ) and their telephone numbers

Tour operators were cutting their allocations on planes and in hotels but even this did not save them from bankruptcy .
tour [users] were cutting their allocations on planes and in hotels but even this did not save them from bankruptcy .

Early skiers reported back that powder coated the empty slopes and bookings flooded in to the tour operators .
early skiers reported back that powder coated the empty slopes and bookings flooded in to the tour [users] .

And resorts , tour operators and shops can not afford to advertise if they are on the breadline .
and resorts , tour [users] and shops can not afford to advertise if they are on the breadline .

Despite what are usually considered to be marginal conditions in the Highlands , Nevis Range , the operators at Aonach Mor , and Glenshee have both invested considerable sums in the new equipment .
despite what are usually considered to be marginal conditions in the highlands , nevis range , the [users] at aonach mor , and glenshee have both invested considerable sums in the new equipment .

These are the contenders , the hardy perennials of quality skiing for discerning Brits , the so-called top resorts which tour operators will tell you they could sell twenty times over if only they could get their mitts on more beds .
these are the contenders , the hardy perennials of quality skiing for discerning brits , the so-called top resorts which tour [users] will tell you they could sell twenty times over if only they could get their mitts on more beds .

Starting was as fraught as ever or even more so because of large craft wanting to come through the start line but it must be said that the cruiser operators were generally very cooperative throughout the race .
starting was as fraught as ever or even more so because of large craft wanting to come through the start line but it must be said that the cruiser [users] were generally very cooperative throughout the race .

Eleven years as the principal tour operators in Nidri enable us to choose the best accommodation in town .
eleven years as the principal tour [users] in nidri enable us to choose the best accommodation in town .

The Nazis called it that because we had radio operators we code-named musicians .
the nazis called it that because we had radio [users] we code-named musicians .

Even in the remaining cases , the equipment is intended for use by experienced , single operators for specific purposes and with safety provisions designed for these conditions , including loading restrictions .
even in the remaining cases , the equipment is intended for use by experienced , single [users] for specific purposes and with safety provisions designed for these conditions , including loading restrictions .

In a high-bay warehouse , when and where the operators are working within the racking at a height above the ground , suitable means of egress should be provided , such as a ladder forming part of the equipment , inertia reels , rope , ladder , etc .
in a high-bay warehouse , when and where the [users] are working within the racking at a height above the ground , suitable means of egress should be provided , such as a ladder forming part of the equipment , inertia reels , rope , ladder , etc .

While the typographic quality of the documents increases in leaps and bounds , both as the software improves and the operators become more skilled , so too are we experiencing a rapid improvement in the quality of the printing systems that are available .
while the typographic quality of the documents increases in leaps and bounds , both as the software improves and the [users] become more skilled , so too are we experiencing a rapid improvement in the quality of the printing systems that are available .

Even here , however , moves are being made with expert systems being developed to assist untrained operators and active compression being used to reduce the storage burden .
even here , however , moves are being made with expert systems being developed to assist untrained [users] and active compression being used to reduce the storage burden .

Be warned , however , that while outputting slides is relatively cheap skilled operators are often charged out at up £50 per hour !
be warned , however , that while outputting slides is relatively cheap skilled [users] are often charged out at up £50 per hour !

Even then you may consider relying on outside designers to create the masters while your operators simply fill in the gaps .
even then you may consider relying on outside designers to create the masters while your [users] simply fill in the gaps .

If you currently rely on several word processor operators to generate material that is then ‘ published ’ it might occur to you to simply have each word processor operator trained up on the electronic publishing system .
if you currently rely on several word processor [users] to generate material that is then ‘ published ’ it might occur to you to simply have each word processor operator trained up on the electronic publishing system .

However , it may well be worth considering taking one of the existing operators and using them to provide all the formatting .
however , it may well be worth considering taking one of the existing [users] and using them to provide all the formatting .

In one case , Roy ( 1952 ) observed that output restriction stopped short of the point where management would have re-timed jobs and cut the piece rates ; in another ( 1954 ) study operators , inspectors and supervisors cooperated in informal practices to ‘ fix ’ a fair job rate .
in one case , roy ( 1952 ) observed that output restriction stopped short of the point where management would have re-timed jobs and cut the piece rates ; in another ( 1954 ) study [users] , inspectors and supervisors cooperated in informal practices to ‘ fix ’ a fair job rate .

middle class managerial and technical , eg. retail managers , computer operators
middle class managerial and technical , eg. retail managers , computer [users]

working class semi-skilled manual , eg. machine operators
working class semi-skilled manual , eg. machine [users]

The definitions attached to strategies for change in educational institutions , as in other institutions , to do with becoming effective lobbyists , operators and competitors , are based on assumptions constructed over time about politics and power .
the definitions attached to strategies for change in educational institutions , as in other institutions , to do with becoming effective lobbyists , [users] and competitors , are based on assumptions constructed over time about politics and power .

Was he being paranoid to imagine that she was looking at her fellow switchboard operators , rolling her eyes , one hand over the receiver , saying , ‘ It 's him ! Matthew Prescott ! The one Alex told us not to put through ! ’
was he being paranoid to imagine that she was looking at her fellow switchboard [users] , rolling her eyes , one hand over the receiver , saying , ‘ it 's him ! matthew prescott ! the one alex told us not to put through ! ’

In 1900 Edinburgh Waverley Station boasted forty lady operators working in the telegraph department , sending out 4,000 messages a day.a But it was of course the First World War which suddenly gave a tremendous fillip to women 's employment in stations .
in 1900 edinburgh waverley station boasted forty lady [users] working in the telegraph department , sending out 4,000 messages a day.a but it was of course the first world war which suddenly gave a tremendous fillip to women 's employment in stations .

Stations reflected most powerfully , however , the desire of their male designers and operators to protect women .
stations reflected most powerfully , however , the desire of their male designers and [users] to protect women .

Close-to and without their performance wigs , these two hardly seemed to connect with anyone that she 'd seen out on the stage less than an hour before ; then they 'd been all front , carnival vamps , not so much real human beings as fantasy figures with hidden human operators .
close-to and without their performance wigs , these two hardly seemed to connect with anyone that she 'd seen out on the stage less than an hour before ; then they 'd been all front , carnival vamps , not so much real human beings as fantasy figures with hidden human [users] .

‘ The multi-disciplinary team of craftsmen , furnace operators and health physics personnel — led by production manager Tracey Inwood — worked with so much enthusiasm and dedication .
‘ the multi-disciplinary team of craftsmen , furnace [users] and health physics personnel — led by production manager tracey inwood — worked with so much enthusiasm and dedication .

Word processor operators ( from left ) Elaine Bell , Ella Barbour , Yvonne MacInnes , Christine Sanderson .
word processor [users] ( from left ) elaine bell , ella barbour , yvonne macinnes , christine sanderson .

The franchisors ( ‘ owners ’ ) and the franchisees ( ‘ operators ’ ) are likely to be private companies .
the franchisors ( ‘ owners ’ ) and the franchisees ( ‘ [users] ’ ) are likely to be private companies .

The Council has introduced a Grant Scheme to encourage operators of commercial bus services in Lothian to improve the standard of accessibility of their vehicles .
the council has introduced a grant scheme to encourage [users] of commercial bus services in lothian to improve the standard of accessibility of their vehicles .

The Council will encourage bus operators to take full advantage of the new grants scheme .
the council will encourage bus [users] to take full advantage of the new grants scheme .

It is intended that this be jointly developed by the Council , the Police and the Region 's bus operators .
it is intended that this be jointly developed by the council , the police and the region 's bus [users] .

As part of this initiative , it is planned — with the co-operation of bus operators — to issue guidance notes to all bus drivers of local services .
as part of this initiative , it is planned — with the co-operation of bus [users] — to issue guidance notes to all bus drivers of local services .

European aircraft manufacturers and operators have joined forces in an EC-sponsored programme which is set to revolutionise airframe inspections by 1995 .
european aircraft manufacturers and [users] have joined forces in an ec-sponsored programme which is set to revolutionise airframe inspections by 1995 .

Human factors experts are able to identify how to minimise mistakes by observing the performance of operators in different conditions and circumstances .
human factors experts are able to identify how to minimise mistakes by observing the performance of [users] in different conditions and circumstances .

Current trends in tourism indicate that the demand for all but the highest standard of caravan accommodation , is now on the wane , and the message from tourist consultants to site operators is that they must quickly go ‘ up market ’ by significantly up- grading the standard of accommodation and associated facilities on offer .
current trends in tourism indicate that the demand for all but the highest standard of caravan accommodation , is now on the wane , and the message from tourist consultants to site [users] is that they must quickly go ‘ up market ’ by significantly up- grading the standard of accommodation and associated facilities on offer .

For many operators this involves a complete reappraisal of the nature of their enterprise , and underlines the importance of attaining more permanent occupancy of their site .
for many [users] this involves a complete reappraisal of the nature of their enterprise , and underlines the importance of attaining more permanent occupancy of their site .

We also agree with the Government that minerals operators should enjoy a ‘ level playing field ’ of high environmental standards which apply right across the industry .
we also agree with the government that minerals [users] should enjoy a ‘ level playing field ’ of high environmental standards which apply right across the industry .

Many operators are now building power stations outside the areas that object to them , and importing the power .
many [users] are now building power stations outside the areas that object to them , and importing the power .

Such longer term support would make it economically-viable for wind power operators to build turbines in areas of relatively low wind speeds , effectively doubling .
such longer term support would make it economically-viable for wind power [users] to build turbines in areas of relatively low wind speeds , effectively doubling .

Operators responsible for " tourist blight " , says report
[users] responsible for " tourist blight " , says report

They also acknowledged that operators had initially delayed taking action for nearly an hour , in the belief that a gauge which showed an increase in radioactivity in the secondary system might be giving false readings .
they also acknowledged that [users] had initially delayed taking action for nearly an hour , in the belief that a gauge which showed an increase in radioactivity in the secondary system might be giving false readings .

Operators of many of the nation 's largest power stations are challenging the government 's new environmental policy in an effort to keep details of their polluting activities secret from the public .
[users] of many of the nation 's largest power stations are challenging the government 's new environmental policy in an effort to keep details of their polluting activities secret from the public .

There is one area , however , where Scotmid is firmly rooted in the past ; they are probably the last commercial operators of horse-drawn vehicles in Scotland .
there is one area , however , where scotmid is firmly rooted in the past ; they are probably the last commercial [users] of horse-drawn vehicles in scotland .

In the Forest of Dean field local operators register with the Deputy Gaveller and Crown Receiver , Forestry Commission , Crown Offices , Coleford , Gloucestershire .
in the forest of dean field local [users] register with the deputy gaveller and crown receiver , forestry commission , crown offices , coleford , gloucestershire .

The various mathematical and logical operators have a priority order .
the various mathematical and logical [users] have a priority order .

Operators with the same priority will be evaluated from left to right .
[users] with the same priority will be evaluated from left to right .

The Indirection Operators 2.6.2
the indirection [users] 2.6.2

Use of Binary Operators 2.6.6
use of binary [users] 2.6.6

Indirection operators can be used to create special data structures , and as such they are an extremely powerful feature .
indirection [users] can be used to create special data structures , and as such they are an extremely powerful feature .

Power of Indirection Operators 2.6.7
power of indirection [users] 2.6.7

Operators and Special Symbols 2.7
[users] and special symbols 2.7

If the amount of data to be passed is small , you may prefer to pass data to the CHAINed program by using the indirection operators to store them at known addresses .
if the amount of data to be passed is small , you may prefer to pass data to the chained program by using the indirection [users] to store them at known addresses .

The wind speed probably went higher ( unofficially , winds were clocked in excess of 210mph ) but when the tower operators clocked a gust at 185mph , they felt it was prudent to descend the steps to ground level and abandon their post and their instruments .
the wind speed probably went higher ( unofficially , winds were clocked in excess of 210mph ) but when the tower [users] clocked a gust at 185mph , they felt it was prudent to descend the steps to ground level and abandon their post and their instruments .

Of particular interest to the reviewer were the sections of the book depicting the various foreign air arms that flew Mosquitos and the post-war civilian operators of the type , the latter illustrating numerous air racing and speed record attempts made with the Wooden Wonder .
of particular interest to the reviewer were the sections of the book depicting the various foreign air arms that flew mosquitos and the post-war civilian [users] of the type , the latter illustrating numerous air racing and speed record attempts made with the wooden wonder .

The elephant drivers are often encouraged by tourists or tour operators to move in very close to browsing rhinos , on occasion surrounding them .
the elephant drivers are often encouraged by tourists or tour [users] to move in very close to browsing rhinos , on occasion surrounding them .

Design faults at the Susquehanna nuclear power station in Pennsylvania would make it impossible for operators to control a nuclear accident , according to engineers who worked on the plant 's construction .
design faults at the susquehanna nuclear power station in pennsylvania would make it impossible for [users] to control a nuclear accident , according to engineers who worked on the plant 's construction .

Opponents said the plan would have had a variable impact , because of differences in the charges of landfill operators across the country .
opponents said the plan would have had a variable impact , because of differences in the charges of landfill [users] across the country .

The Magnox plant was shut down over a year ago by its operators , Nuclear Electric , after problems developed with its steel reactor pressure vessels .
the magnox plant was shut down over a year ago by its [users] , nuclear electric , after problems developed with its steel reactor pressure vessels .

Germany 's tough waste disposal regulations are believed to be encouraging unscrupulous operators to dump toxic waste in neighbouring countries .
germany 's tough waste disposal regulations are believed to be encouraging unscrupulous [users] to dump toxic waste in neighbouring countries .

The state government has supported the quarry operators , issuing 300 licenses to quarry in the last six years .
the state government has supported the quarry [users] , issuing 300 licenses to quarry in the last six years .

The report has warned the government to prepare for the `` wholesale contamination `` which is likely to ensue as legions of small-scale operators shut down and abandon their plants .
the report has warned the government to prepare for the `` wholesale contamination `` which is likely to ensue as legions of small-scale [users] shut down and abandon their plants .

None of these eternal operators faired very well when they had a posting to a training unit .
none of these eternal [users] faired very well when they had a posting to a training unit .

Union representatives sought concrete standards because employers were often unwilling to discuss seriously the implications of operators ' complaints of fatigue and strain .
union representatives sought concrete standards because employers were often unwilling to discuss seriously the implications of [users] ' complaints of fatigue and strain .

These mathematical counterparts of physical acts of measurement are found in that part of the jungle where the map is marked `` here are operators `` .
these mathematical counterparts of physical acts of measurement are found in that part of the jungle where the map is marked `` here are [users] `` .

So far , so good ; but the results of actual measurements are always numbers , not abstract things like operators .
so far , so good ; but the results of actual measurements are always numbers , not abstract things like [users] .

If this programme is to make any sense we shall have to find a way to associate numbers with our operators .
if this programme is to make any sense we shall have to find a way to associate numbers with our [users] .

This physical consequence is seen to follow from the mathematical fact that our operators are what is called non-commutative .
this physical consequence is seen to follow from the mathematical fact that our [users] are what is called non-commutative .

Perhaps this observation begins to afford a clue to how it comes about that observable quantities can be associated with certain operators .
perhaps this observation begins to afford a clue to how it comes about that observable quantities can be associated with certain [users] .

Our first degree of specialisation to make the notion useful is to restrict ourselves to linear operators .
our first degree of specialisation to make the notion useful is to restrict ourselves to linear [users] .

It is all very well to talk about observables being represented by operators but the result of an actual measurement is always just a number .
it is all very well to talk about observables being represented by [users] but the result of an actual measurement is always just a number .

This notion of eigenvalues gives numbers a natural lodgement in the theory of operators acting on vector spaces .
this notion of eigenvalues gives numbers a natural lodgement in the theory of [users] acting on vector spaces .

The mathematicians guarantee that all will be well provided we restrict ourselves to operators which satisfy the condition which they call being hermitean .
the mathematicians guarantee that all will be well provided we restrict ourselves to [users] which satisfy the condition which they call being hermitean .

The mathematicians tell us that this would only be possible if the operators x and p were to commute .
the mathematicians tell us that this would only be possible if the [users] x and p were to commute .

However , for operators this is not usually the case .
however , for [users] this is not usually the case .

In quantum mechanics it turns out that the operators x and p do not commute , which is why there can not be a state in which they both take definite values .
in quantum mechanics it turns out that the [users] x and p do not commute , which is why there can not be a state in which they both take definite values .

Dynamical variables , such as energy , momentum and position , have been successfully introduced into the formalism as hermitean operators acting on the vector space of the states of motion .
dynamical variables , such as energy , momentum and position , have been successfully introduced into the formalism as hermitean [users] acting on the vector space of the states of motion .

That conclusion arose from a mathematical fact ( that operators did not commute ) , via rather abstract arguments involving the idea that the eigenstates of hermitean operators are the state vectors corresponding to the precise measurement of the observables the operators represent .
that conclusion arose from a mathematical fact ( that [users] did not commute ) , via rather abstract arguments involving the idea that the eigenstates of hermitean [users] are the state vectors corresponding to the precise measurement of the observables the [users] represent .

The government 's information policy must protect the interests of both the institutions of mass media ( owners and operators ) and the public ( readers , listeners and viewers ) .
the government 's information policy must protect the interests of both the institutions of mass media ( owners and [users] ) and the public ( readers , listeners and viewers ) .

The government 's information policy must protect the interests of both the institutions of mass media ( owners and operators ) and the public ( readers , listeners and viewers ) .
the government 's information policy must protect the interests of both the institutions of mass media ( owners and [users] ) and the public ( readers , listeners and viewers ) .

There would be some truth in the assertion that traffic commissioners have the welfare of `` bus operators very much at heart when fixing fares ; similar things could be said of airline regulators .
there would be some truth in the assertion that traffic commissioners have the welfare of `` bus [users] very much at heart when fixing fares ; similar things could be said of airline regulators .

Operators did what they did because of orders coming from the top .
[users] did what they did because of orders coming from the top .

Classification of cattle , sheep and pig carcases at the request of slaughterhouse operators will also continue .
classification of cattle , sheep and pig carcases at the request of slaughterhouse [users] will also continue .

Instead of a series of national financial systems linked by a few operators buying and selling credit across the exchanges , we now have a global system , in which national markets , physically separate , function as if they were all in the same place .
instead of a series of national financial systems linked by a few [users] buying and selling credit across the exchanges , we now have a global system , in which national markets , physically separate , function as if they were all in the same place .

Instead of most loans being made and credit instruments issued and traded within national systems under national authorities and in accordance with recognised , fairly stable rules , the new system is a worldwide network of banks and financial operators linked together by cheap , reliable and instant means of communication — but operating under far less well-defined and exigent rules .
instead of most loans being made and credit instruments issued and traded within national systems under national authorities and in accordance with recognised , fairly stable rules , the new system is a worldwide network of banks and financial [users] linked together by cheap , reliable and instant means of communication — but operating under far less well-defined and exigent rules .

Structural change combined with greater mobility increased the role of financial markets ( and market operators ) at the expense of states .
structural change combined with greater mobility increased the role of financial markets ( and market [users] ) at the expense of states .

General economic arguments , however , omit the spin-off benefits from the inventiveness of financial operators in search of bargains and easy profits .
general economic arguments , however , omit the spin-off benefits from the inventiveness of financial [users] in search of bargains and easy profits .

Reservations made through travel agents , tour operators or certain companies are usually subject to special rates and commissions .
reservations made through travel agents , tour [users] or certain companies are usually subject to special rates and commissions .

Travel agents and tour operators often make back to back reservations which means that certain accommodation is booked over a period of time and as one group of guests depart another group takes their place .
travel agents and tour [users] often make back to back reservations which means that certain accommodation is booked over a period of time and as one group of guests depart another group takes their place .

Tour operators organise and plan package holidays and tours and specialist organisations plan conferences and group travel for other organisations .
tour [users] organise and plan package holidays and tours and specialist organisations plan conferences and group travel for other organisations .

Details of what is included in the rate to be charged to the tour operators , such as meals , beverages and gratuities , will have been discussed and finalised between the tour operator and the hotel before confirmation of the reservation .
details of what is included in the rate to be charged to the tour [users] , such as meals , beverages and gratuities , will have been discussed and finalised between the tour operator and the hotel before confirmation of the reservation .

details of travel agents , tour operators , airlines , business organisations , and central reservations numbers with whom contact can be made if accommodation becomes available ;
details of travel agents , tour [users] , airlines , business organisations , and central reservations numbers with whom contact can be made if accommodation becomes available ;

Travel agents and tour operators ' promotions
travel agents and tour [users] ' promotions

Package deals promoted by travel agents and tour operators are increasingly being used to promote sales during off-season periods .
package deals promoted by travel agents and tour [users] are increasingly being used to promote sales during off-season periods .

Package rates — when special rates are offered to travel agents or tour operators , the computer can distribute the charges to their respective departments .
package rates — when special rates are offered to travel agents or tour [users] , the computer can distribute the charges to their respective departments .

While money has been used to reward them the intrinsic motivation of working in a harmonious team has been eliminated in many jobs ; for example , checkout operators in a supermarket , process workers in a manufacturing plant .
while money has been used to reward them the intrinsic motivation of working in a harmonious team has been eliminated in many jobs ; for example , checkout [users] in a supermarket , process workers in a manufacturing plant .

Siege-engines demanded on the one hand skilled operators , and on the other a plentiful supply of unskilled labourers to move the necessary materials .
siege-engines demanded on the one hand skilled [users] , and on the other a plentiful supply of unskilled labourers to move the necessary materials .

Processes designed to run outside normal working hours should therefore not be dependent upon the presence of operators for such tasks as loading tapes or attending to printers .
processes designed to run outside normal working hours should therefore not be dependent upon the presence of [users] for such tasks as loading tapes or attending to printers .

Here are the big time smooth operators .
here are the big time smooth [users] .

In 1921 she investigated differential operators in quantum mechanics by abstracting their essential properties , taking these properties as axioms and building all consequences thereupon .
in 1921 she investigated differential [users] in quantum mechanics by abstracting their essential properties , taking these properties as axioms and building all consequences thereupon .

Small consultancy operators and free-lancers dart in and out , bringing a highly personalized service and offering what may appear to be a cheap rate for the job .
small consultancy [users] and free-lancers dart in and out , bringing a highly personalized service and offering what may appear to be a cheap rate for the job .

Often these operators do one-off projects as these can be uneconomical for larger outfits .
often these [users] do one-off projects as these can be uneconomical for larger outfits .

The latter is a recognized field of work in its own right and some people in it might be surprised to find themselves called public relations operators , but the speciality derives from public relations and the counselling , reconciliatory and persuasive nature of the work comfortably fits it within the broader spectrum of public relations practice .
the latter is a recognized field of work in its own right and some people in it might be surprised to find themselves called public relations [users] , but the speciality derives from public relations and the counselling , reconciliatory and persuasive nature of the work comfortably fits it within the broader spectrum of public relations practice .

The television industry is very structured and operators carefully monitored .
the television industry is very structured and [users] carefully monitored .

Good public relations operators are not all mouth ; they are also very good ears .
good public relations [users] are not all mouth ; they are also very good ears .

The memorial marks a striking turnabout in the men 's approach to composing machines , which must have been the result of a fairly recent appreciation of the double threat posed by women Monotype operators .
the memorial marks a striking turnabout in the men 's approach to composing machines , which must have been the result of a fairly recent appreciation of the double threat posed by women monotype [users] .

There was no question of taking away their own machines from women already working as Monotype operators in 1910 .
there was no question of taking away their own machines from women already working as monotype [users] in 1910 .

At a meeting on 1 September , the `` Women Compositors `` , Readers `` and Monotype Operators `` Union `` was described as having been in existence for some nine weeks .
at a meeting on 1 september , the `` women compositors `` , readers `` and monotype [users] `` union `` was described as having been in existence for some nine weeks .

Modern electronic aids have revolutionised search and rescue , but they are only as good as their operators .
modern electronic aids have revolutionised search and rescue , but they are only as good as their [users] .

To pack all this equipment into a boat of this size and still allow operators the maximum operating efficiency and working space was not easy .
to pack all this equipment into a boat of this size and still allow [users] the maximum operating efficiency and working space was not easy .

The boat will then by put to the test by operators and their views canvassed .
the boat will then by put to the test by [users] and their views canvassed .

It will have had the views of professional designers , boatbuilders and other advisers , intermingled with the views of experienced operators .
it will have had the views of professional designers , boatbuilders and other advisers , intermingled with the views of experienced [users] .

Local operators will take you in four-wheel-drive vehicles to explore the near outback , where the river has carved a series of spectacular gorges into a vast , rolling sand plain .
local [users] will take you in four-wheel-drive vehicles to explore the near outback , where the river has carved a series of spectacular gorges into a vast , rolling sand plain .

There are two specialist tour operators : Austravel , tel : 071–734 7755 ; and Travelbag , tel : ( 0420 ) 88724 .
there are two specialist tour [users] : austravel , tel : 071–734 7755 ; and travelbag , tel : ( 0420 ) 88724 .

True , local business is not entirely absent but on the whole , foreign operators have been the first to benefit .
true , local business is not entirely absent but on the whole , foreign [users] have been the first to benefit .

The complexity of the Cosmos Coach programme requires some flexibility in obtaining the required capacities from Channel ferry operators .
the complexity of the cosmos coach programme requires some flexibility in obtaining the required capacities from channel ferry [users] .

In recent years a number of unbonded , non-ABTA Coach Tour Operators have gone into liquidation leaving their clients without holidays or protection .
in recent years a number of unbonded , non-abta coach tour [users] have gone into liquidation leaving their clients without holidays or protection .

Cosmos , in line with most Tour Operators , endeavour to accommodate all customers , including those with disabilities .
cosmos , in line with most tour [users] , endeavour to accommodate all customers , including those with disabilities .

It acts as a shield for the operators .
it acts as a shield for the [users] .

Leitzig explained that it was actually there to blot out any outside noises which might distract the skilled operators from their delicate and sensitive work .
leitzig explained that it was actually there to blot out any outside noises which might distract the skilled [users] from their delicate and sensitive work .

Because we know Italy so well , we can give you detailed information other tour operators simply ca n't .
because we know italy so well , we can give you detailed information other tour [users] simply ca n't .

Other companies — from tour operators to stockbrokers — buy pages on the system to display their wares .
other companies — from tour [users] to stockbrokers — buy pages on the system to display their wares .

Finally , a message for airfield operators licensed or otherwise .
finally , a message for airfield [users] licensed or otherwise .

To help prospective mineral operators the Cornish Chamber of Mines ( Appendix 2.2.3 ) has set up a voluntary register of known mineral rights ownership in parts of South-west England , but the problems of unknown title remain .
to help prospective mineral [users] the cornish chamber of mines ( appendix 2.2.3 ) has set up a voluntary register of known mineral rights ownership in parts of south-west england , but the problems of unknown title remain .

Although the legislation rarely has to be used , its existence is of value to prospective mineral operators as a means of persuading landowners to reach agreement .
although the legislation rarely has to be used , its existence is of value to prospective mineral [users] as a means of persuading landowners to reach agreement .

The Corporation has exclusive rights to the working of coal , but may issue licences to private operators for the working of coal from small underground mines and from opencast operations .
the corporation has exclusive rights to the working of coal , but may issue licences to private [users] for the working of coal from small underground mines and from opencast operations .

Funded by the European Community , the World Association of Nuclear Operators is co-ordinating an international effort to improve operating procedures at Kozloduy and bring them up to international safety standards .
funded by the european community , the world association of nuclear [users] is co-ordinating an international effort to improve operating procedures at kozloduy and bring them up to international safety standards .

It will include the acquisition of non-destructive testing equipment for pipe-work and the training of Russian operators .
it will include the acquisition of non-destructive testing equipment for pipe-work and the training of russian [users] .

We 're becoming involved in helping the nuclear operators in Eastern Europe to upgrade their plant . What benefit is that to us ? How can the staff below manager grade become involved ?
we 're becoming involved in helping the nuclear [users] in eastern europe to upgrade their plant . what benefit is that to us ? how can the staff below manager grade become involved ?

The results of research have indicated that there are already too many fast food operators providing meat in burger form .
the results of research have indicated that there are already too many fast food [users] providing meat in burger form .

The operators work with agency personnel to determine an appropriate response that protects both bears and people , particularly as polar bears are known to stalk and kill humans .
the [users] work with agency personnel to determine an appropriate response that protects both bears and people , particularly as polar bears are known to stalk and kill humans .

Project operators Statoil will take three months to complete the 8500 kilometre survey which began on September 26 using the seismic vessel Geco Searcher .
project [users] statoil will take three months to complete the 8500 kilometre survey which began on september 26 using the seismic vessel geco searcher .

But while some operators may be taking longer to firm up their plans , oil supply companies did not leave Offshore Europe empty-handed .
but while some [users] may be taking longer to firm up their plans , oil supply companies did not leave offshore europe empty-handed .

For some operators , there is the added benefit of a deal put together and managed by a service company which cuts down the workload for in-house geophysicists .
for some [users] , there is the added benefit of a deal put together and managed by a service company which cuts down the workload for in-house geophysicists .

The programme , which started in February , was handled by a taskforce of experienced operators , referred to on-site as ‘ Dad 's Army ’ .
the programme , which started in february , was handled by a taskforce of experienced [users] , referred to on-site as ‘ dad 's army ’ .

John Rimington , Director General of the Health and Safety Executive , has warned operators of air conditioning plants : ‘ There is absolutely no excuse for the recent outbreaks .
john rimington , director general of the health and safety executive , has warned [users] of air conditioning plants : ‘ there is absolutely no excuse for the recent outbreaks .

Finally , Mr Murray said that he had received numerous letters about the selection of the typeface ( Courier ) for all our future correspondence and due to the strength of feeling on this and other layout issues it has been decided to set up a Keyboard Operators panel to discuss the way forward .
finally , mr murray said that he had received numerous letters about the selection of the typeface ( courier ) for all our future correspondence and due to the strength of feeling on this and other layout issues it has been decided to set up a keyboard [users] panel to discuss the way forward .

It is sold at the monuments , tourist information centres and through an increasing number of travel trade operators .
it is sold at the monuments , tourist information centres and through an increasing number of travel trade [users] .

Operators also now have a number of payment options , he says .
[users] also now have a number of payment options , he says .

Most active construction is coming from the smaller chains and operators like Quality Inns .
most active construction is coming from the smaller chains and [users] like quality inns .

Management training for ryokan operators and staff is more and more geared for western guests ' needs and comprehension .
management training for ryokan [users] and staff is more and more geared for western guests ' needs and comprehension .

All of this is unlikely to present much of a problem to most of the larger operators with their own hygiene and quality control management , although even they will need to ensure that any programme of training and retraining of personnel is controlled and recorded .
all of this is unlikely to present much of a problem to most of the larger [users] with their own hygiene and quality control management , although even they will need to ensure that any programme of training and retraining of personnel is controlled and recorded .

There is no doubt that the customer expectations of service have grown significantly in recent years and the whole subject of quality ( what the customer requires ) has received much attention , from management gurus to front line operators .
there is no doubt that the customer expectations of service have grown significantly in recent years and the whole subject of quality ( what the customer requires ) has received much attention , from management gurus to front line [users] .

Success can be claimed in this area in the arrival of some new operators in the market such as Centric Pub Company , Marr Taverns , Scorpio Inns , Discovery Inns and Enterprise Inns , whose formation has been to specifically run multiple freehouse operations .
success can be claimed in this area in the arrival of some new [users] in the market such as centric pub company , marr taverns , scorpio inns , discovery inns and enterprise inns , whose formation has been to specifically run multiple freehouse operations .

They insisted on me going up there to see this chap who was supposed to have proof of a fiddle being carried out by a bunch of telephone operators at one particular exchange .
they insisted on me going up there to see this chap who was supposed to have proof of a fiddle being carried out by a bunch of telephone [users] at one particular exchange .

But the crucial thing he had n't told us was that his girlfriend was one of the operators involved in the ring , and he 'd just had a big row with her .
but the crucial thing he had n't told us was that his girlfriend was one of the [users] involved in the ring , and he 'd just had a big row with her .

Those involved in packaging and distributing the unbranded varieties wrapped in plastic are small-scale operators lacking both the necessary resources and marketing skills to capture a larger share of the detergent market .
those involved in packaging and distributing the unbranded varieties wrapped in plastic are small-scale [users] lacking both the necessary resources and marketing skills to capture a larger share of the detergent market .

The duration of the procedure depended on difficulties encountered during puncturing and dilatating , the stone load and the experience of the operators .
the duration of the procedure depended on difficulties encountered during puncturing and dilatating , the stone load and the experience of the [users] .

Machine operators ' wages
machine [users] ' wages

Answer guide : Machine operators ' wages and cost of raw materials as these are the only ones which are likely to vary directly with production .
answer guide : machine [users] ' wages and cost of raw materials as these are the only ones which are likely to vary directly with production .

Compared with the small operators they took over , the giant companies deal with a wide range of rubbish .
compared with the small [users] they took over , the giant companies deal with a wide range of rubbish .

Nearly all Britain 's hazardous waste is handled by private operators .
nearly all britain 's hazardous waste is handled by private [users] .

Plenty of small operators remain to be gobbled up by big ones able to meet the capital and research costs now required .
plenty of small [users] remain to be gobbled up by big ones able to meet the capital and research costs now required .

The best answer to these laments would be a tolerably level playing-field for all operators , and one where the rules are seriously enforced .
the best answer to these laments would be a tolerably level playing-field for all [users] , and one where the rules are seriously enforced .

Nearly 400 people were arrested and a total of 500 kg of drugs seized on Aug. 25-27 , 1989 , in about 40 resorts along the Mediterranean coast as well as in Majorca , Ibiza , Tenerife , Cádiz and Seville during a crackdown on drug operators .
nearly 400 people were arrested and a total of 500 kg of drugs seized on aug. 25-27 , 1989 , in about 40 resorts along the mediterranean coast as well as in majorca , ibiza , tenerife , cádiz and seville during a crackdown on drug [users] .

The purchaser was a consortium composed of the Spanish state-owned carrier , Iberia , and Cielos del Sur , the operators of the principal domestic Argentine airline Austral Líneas Aéreas .
the purchaser was a consortium composed of the spanish state-owned carrier , iberia , and cielos del sur , the [users] of the principal domestic argentine airline austral líneas aéreas .

Thailand 's January 1989 logging ban [ see p. 36794 ] was followed by a rapid increase in the number of logging concessions sold to Thai operators by neighbouring countries , especially Burma .
thailand 's january 1989 logging ban [ see p. 36794 ] was followed by a rapid increase in the number of logging concessions sold to thai [users] by neighbouring countries , especially burma .

Thai saw-mill operators were also turning to loggers in Laos , Cambodia , Indonesia and Malaysia to replace their lost supplies .
thai saw-mill [users] were also turning to loggers in laos , cambodia , indonesia and malaysia to replace their lost supplies .

In the earlier series of auctions , there were large differences ( in terms of yield ) between minimum and maximum accepted bids but market operators appear to have learned by experience and , with the four auctions of 1991 , the difference was never more than three basis points .
in the earlier series of auctions , there were large differences ( in terms of yield ) between minimum and maximum accepted bids but market [users] appear to have learned by experience and , with the four auctions of 1991 , the difference was never more than three basis points .

There is often a long term trend to concentration of operators .
there is often a long term trend to concentration of [users] .

This project aims to understand the variety of ways in which bus companies manage their undertakings in the context of declining patronage , with particular emphasis on the range of strategic responses made and how these have impacted upon the organisational cultures of selected bus operators .
this project aims to understand the variety of ways in which bus companies manage their undertakings in the context of declining patronage , with particular emphasis on the range of strategic responses made and how these have impacted upon the organisational cultures of selected bus [users] .

This represents a new departure in both the study of public transport operators and the derivation and application of concepts relevant to organisation studies .
this represents a new departure in both the study of public transport [users] and the derivation and application of concepts relevant to organisation studies .

The study will be carried out mainly by interviews with a wide range of the staff affected by the changes , including management , project staff and operators and trade union representatives .
the study will be carried out mainly by interviews with a wide range of the staff affected by the changes , including management , project staff and [users] and trade union representatives .

The time constraints for decisions to be made are tight , as operators are required to give only six weeks ' notice of their intention to withdraw or change a service .
the time constraints for decisions to be made are tight , as [users] are required to give only six weeks ' notice of their intention to withdraw or change a service .

For over fifty years selected local bus operators have been given monopoly rights on their routes in return for which they are subject to fares control and expected to plough back any profits from good services to maintain loss-making routes .
for over fifty years selected local bus [users] have been given monopoly rights on their routes in return for which they are subject to fares control and expected to plough back any profits from good services to maintain loss-making routes .

In 1980 the government completely deregulated express buses and introduced some experiments in deregulation of local buses on the grounds that the protection induced inefficiency by the selected operators , and , by causing fares to be higher and services poorer than would otherwise be the case on the more profitable routes , accentuated the move to the car and the further decline of public transport .
in 1980 the government completely deregulated express buses and introduced some experiments in deregulation of local buses on the grounds that the protection induced inefficiency by the selected [users] , and , by causing fares to be higher and services poorer than would otherwise be the case on the more profitable routes , accentuated the move to the car and the further decline of public transport .

Following this Act , bus operators are free to provide any services they wish , subject only to giving six weeks ' notice , and to meeting the same safety standards as previously .
following this act , bus [users] are free to provide any services they wish , subject only to giving six weeks ' notice , and to meeting the same safety standards as previously .

In order to promote fair competition , the former large public sector bus operators have been reconstituted as free-standing companies , and in some cases broken up .
in order to promote fair competition , the former large public sector bus [users] have been reconstituted as free-standing companies , and in some cases broken up .

Local authorities still have the power to subsidise socially necessary bus services which are not provided commercially , but they must select the operators of subsidised services by means of competitive tenders .
local authorities still have the power to subsidise socially necessary bus services which are not provided commercially , but they must select the [users] of subsidised services by means of competitive tenders .

They have also been discussed at planning inquiries across the coal fields as mineral planning authorities have come to conflict with both British Coal 's open-cast Executive and the private operators .
they have also been discussed at planning inquiries across the coal fields as mineral planning authorities have come to conflict with both british coal 's open-cast executive and the private [users] .

In assessing the benefits of road improvements , the Department of Transport takes account of the direct cost savings which accrue to operators of commercial vehicles resulting from improvements to individual road links .
in assessing the benefits of road improvements , the department of transport takes account of the direct cost savings which accrue to [users] of commercial vehicles resulting from improvements to individual road links .

Transport operators and local authorities are beginning to establish schemes aimed at countering both crime and fear of crime .
transport [users] and local authorities are beginning to establish schemes aimed at countering both crime and fear of crime .

Among operators taking part the Irish area will be ably ( and most appropriately ! )
among [users] taking part the irish area will be ably ( and most appropriately ! )

He said bookings for summer holidays this year were well ahead , with operators competing fiercely on price to capture their share of the market .
he said bookings for summer holidays this year were well ahead , with [users] competing fiercely on price to capture their share of the market .

In the case of machinery it often makes operators indifferent to the dangers they are involved with every working day .
in the case of machinery it often makes [users] indifferent to the dangers they are involved with every working day .

Garden tour operators are also given tours .
garden tour [users] are also given tours .

Particular attention must be paid to marketing targeted at coach and travel operators , in Britain and overseas , for all four gardens .
particular attention must be paid to marketing targeted at coach and travel [users] , in britain and overseas , for all four gardens .

It will also frustrate the operators , and discourage them from using it , so that the system falls into disrepute and founders .
it will also frustrate the [users] , and discourage them from using it , so that the system falls into disrepute and founders .

They have skilled operators who will ask focused questions and get a complete set of contact and requirement details .
they have skilled [users] who will ask focused questions and get a complete set of contact and requirement details .

Wordbase Professional features missed out include field searching with conditional operators , searches using defined sections of documents and subdocument ( chapter ) searches .
wordbase professional features missed out include field searching with conditional [users] , searches using defined sections of documents and subdocument ( chapter ) searches .

Rather than complete or approximate matches you can also specify conditions using the arithmetic operators = < > and so on .
rather than complete or approximate matches you can also specify conditions using the arithmetic [users] = < > and so on .

These nozzles are mainly used on wide bodied aircrafts and marketing of the product is now in hand with significant interest being shown from large airline operators .
these nozzles are mainly used on wide bodied aircrafts and marketing of the product is now in hand with significant interest being shown from large airline [users] .

This was largely due to our changing role as offshore operators increasingly contracted out activities not directly involved in their core business of exploration and production .
this was largely due to our changing role as offshore [users] increasingly contracted out activities not directly involved in their core business of exploration and production .

Significant contracts were also undertaken for Total , Amoco , Marathon and other major operators .
significant contracts were also undertaken for total , amoco , marathon and other major [users] .

In what represents a text book case of technology transfer , it has been taken up by major operators in the pharmaceutical and general chemical industries such as SmithKline Beecham , Foster Wheeler and Monsanto .
in what represents a text book case of technology transfer , it has been taken up by major [users] in the pharmaceutical and general chemical industries such as smithkline beecham , foster wheeler and monsanto .

Numerous proprietary retrieval software packages are available incorporating classic full text retrieval features such as word adjacency and the use of Boolean search operators .
numerous proprietary retrieval software packages are available incorporating classic full text retrieval features such as word adjacency and the use of boolean search [users] .

It took Allan MacIntyre , Systems Development Manager , and his team about three months to create a programme , make trial runs , train operators and install a reliable system that went live on 1st November .
it took allan macintyre , systems development manager , and his team about three months to create a programme , make trial runs , train [users] and install a reliable system that went live on 1st november .

She is not an established lady in what was very much a man 's industry and is highly respected by both drivers and haulage operators over a wide area .
she is not an established lady in what was very much a man 's industry and is highly respected by both drivers and haulage [users] over a wide area .

However , during the late seventies and early eighties the Canary Islands in general and Gran Canaria in particular began to be spoilt by the indiscriminate exploitation of the big tour operators ( encouraged by local speculators ) .
however , during the late seventies and early eighties the canary islands in general and gran canaria in particular began to be spoilt by the indiscriminate exploitation of the big tour [users] ( encouraged by local speculators ) .

The hope now is that the tour operators and the local population will seize the opportunity presented to the island .
the hope now is that the tour [users] and the local population will seize the opportunity presented to the island .

Codd ( 1970 ) developed a series of operators to manipulate relations .
codd ( 1970 ) developed a series of [users] to manipulate relations .

These operators include those to merge relations and on separate out some columns or some rows .
these [users] include those to merge relations and on separate out some columns or some rows .

The set of operators are known together as the Relational Algebra .
the set of [users] are known together as the relational algebra .

The relational algebra is also relationally complete , that is , it is possible to perform any data manipulation on the relations required by the user using one or more of the relational algebra operators .
the relational algebra is also relationally complete , that is , it is possible to perform any data manipulation on the relations required by the user using one or more of the relational algebra [users] .

The relational algebra is a collection of operators on relations .
the relational algebra is a collection of [users] on relations .

It includes the traditional set operators union , intersection , difference and product .
it includes the traditional set [users] union , intersection , difference and product .

So as to illustrate the use of the various operators , we will consider the two four parts , three of which have a ten week compulsory unit and a choice of options .
so as to illustrate the use of the various [users] , we will consider the two four parts , three of which have a ten week compulsory unit and a choice of options .

The other basic operations in the relational algebra are not traditional set operators .
the other basic operations in the relational algebra are not traditional set [users] .

These operators are all college graduates with postgraduate qualifications in either maths or a similar subject .
these [users] are all college graduates with postgraduate qualifications in either maths or a similar subject .

Operators were using punch machines and then transferring the results on to tape .
[users] were using punch machines and then transferring the results on to tape .

The slinky strains of Sade 's ‘ Smooth Operator ’ introduce us to Sheffield 's affluent West End , where other smooth operators are discussing the layout of a glossy new magazine for glossy yuppies .
the slinky strains of sade 's ‘ smooth operator ’ introduce us to sheffield 's affluent west end , where other smooth [users] are discussing the layout of a glossy new magazine for glossy yuppies .

Feminists are not good news for Western sex tour club operators .
feminists are not good news for western sex tour club [users] .

These measures have the full endorsement of the Labour party , which also welcomes the fact that notices about the law will be made extensively available for display by the retail trade and will be fixed to automatic vending machines by operators .
these measures have the full endorsement of the labour party , which also welcomes the fact that notices about the law will be made extensively available for display by the retail trade and will be fixed to automatic vending machines by [users] .

Security is maintained by terminal operators using unique identification and password codes to gain access to the system .
security is maintained by terminal [users] using unique identification and password codes to gain access to the system .

North sea operators are given dispensations , not only when there are equivalent or higher alternative arrangements in place but in some cases when it is well known to the authorities that the platforms are operating at a level that would not be allowed if they were completely new platforms .
north sea [users] are given dispensations , not only when there are equivalent or higher alternative arrangements in place but in some cases when it is well known to the authorities that the platforms are operating at a level that would not be allowed if they were completely new platforms .

That included gas used by operators for drilling and production operations .
that included gas used by [users] for drilling and production operations .

The future size of the coal industry in Scotland will depend on the success of British Coal and other mine operators , including the Monktonhall mineworkers ' consortium , in producing coal at competitive prices .
the future size of the coal industry in scotland will depend on the success of british coal and other mine [users] , including the monktonhall mineworkers ' consortium , in producing coal at competitive prices .

Mr. Secretary Lilley , supported by the Prime Minister , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Secretary Heseltine , Mr. Secretary Wakeham , Mr. Secretary Brooke , Mr. Secretary Hunt , Mr. Secretary Lang , Mr. John Redwood and Mr. Edward Leigh , presented a Bill to make provision with respect to standards of performance and service to customers in relation to the telecommunications , gas supply , electricity supply , water supply and sewerage service industries ; to make provision with respect to complaints by , and disputes with , customers in those industries ; to make provision with respect to the powers of the regulators of those industries and with respect to related matters ; to make provision with respect to the payment of deposits by customers of certain telecommunications operators ; to make further provision for facilitating effective competition in certain of those industries ; to make provision with respect to mergers of water or sewerage undertakers ; to make provision with respect to compliance orders against public gas suppliers ; and for connected purposes : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time on Monday next and to be printed .
mr. secretary lilley , supported by the prime minister , mr. chancellor of the exchequer , mr. secretary heseltine , mr. secretary wakeham , mr. secretary brooke , mr. secretary hunt , mr. secretary lang , mr. john redwood and mr. edward leigh , presented a bill to make provision with respect to standards of performance and service to customers in relation to the telecommunications , gas supply , electricity supply , water supply and sewerage service industries ; to make provision with respect to complaints by , and disputes with , customers in those industries ; to make provision with respect to the powers of the regulators of those industries and with respect to related matters ; to make provision with respect to the payment of deposits by customers of certain telecommunications [users] ; to make further provision for facilitating effective competition in certain of those industries ; to make provision with respect to mergers of water or sewerage undertakers ; to make provision with respect to compliance orders against public gas suppliers ; and for connected purposes : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time on monday next and to be printed .

An agreement to sell some unspecified goods out of a larger specified quantity , as in Kursell v. Timber Operators , is not a contract for the sale of specific goods .
an agreement to sell some unspecified goods out of a larger specified quantity , as in kursell v. timber [users] , is not a contract for the sale of specific goods .

This was the position in both Kursell v. Timber Operators and Re Wait .
this was the position in both kursell v. timber [users] and re wait .

This exciting and varied steam programme has been organised by Regional Railways , Flying Scotsman Services and The Steam Locomotives Operators ' Association , with sponsorship from local district councils .
this exciting and varied steam programme has been organised by regional railways , flying scotsman services and the steam locomotives [users] ' association , with sponsorship from local district councils .

The staff in the main were machine operators , whose jobs ranged from cutting out the designs from the cloth to skilfully stitching the garments together .
the staff in the main were machine [users] , whose jobs ranged from cutting out the designs from the cloth to skilfully stitching the garments together .

The market has no physical location , relying almost exclusively on telephone contact between operators and , therefore , upon verbal contracts .
the market has no physical location , relying almost exclusively on telephone contact between [users] and , therefore , upon verbal contracts .

Conjugate quantities such as the phase and amplitude of an oscillation can not be simultaneously measured with arbitrary precision because their operators do not commute .
conjugate quantities such as the phase and amplitude of an oscillation can not be simultaneously measured with arbitrary precision because their [users] do not commute .

If the taxpayer is providing the infrastructure for roads , which includes the track , maintainance and regulation ( = signalling ) , then it seems only reasonable that we should be providing exactly the same for rail — and allowing operators to run trains just as coach operators run buses .
if the taxpayer is providing the infrastructure for roads , which includes the track , maintainance and regulation ( = signalling ) , then it seems only reasonable that we should be providing exactly the same for rail — and allowing [users] to run trains just as coach [users] run buses .

Communicate relevant information on risk issues to those who need to know ( e.g. employers/managers , operators , colleagues and the public ) .
communicate relevant information on risk issues to those who need to know ( e.g. employers/managers , [users] , colleagues and the public ) .

An example is the interface between a design engineer and the operators ( end users ) .
an example is the interface between a design engineer and the [users] ( end users ) .

4.2 From January 1990 , new book acquisitions have been catalogued on a compute database which allows more extensive search facilities than is possible using the card indexes ; eg. truncated word search on title or series title , and using boolean operators to join search terms .
4.2 from january 1990 , new book acquisitions have been catalogued on a compute database which allows more extensive search facilities than is possible using the card indexes ; eg. truncated word search on title or series title , and using boolean [users] to join search terms .

Citation counts are carried out by unskilled operators .
citation counts are carried out by unskilled [users] .

STATE-of-the-art computer simulators are helping train reactor operators at Chapelcross and Calder Hall .
state-of-the-art computer simulators are helping train reactor [users] at chapelcross and calder hall .

This immediately provoked a strike by taxi drivers and private haulage operators who blocked main roads and border crossings , bringing the country virtually to a standstill on Oct. 26-28 .
this immediately provoked a strike by taxi drivers and private haulage [users] who blocked main roads and border crossings , bringing the country virtually to a standstill on oct. 26-28 .

Hotel operators will already be familiar with the typewriter or personal computer keyboard ; the latter and the screen-based console are the heart of the system , which has been designed to make operation as simple as possible .
hotel [users] will already be familiar with the typewriter or personal computer keyboard ; the latter and the screen-based console are the heart of the system , which has been designed to make operation as simple as possible .

And that only reliable operators programme these settings into the oven 's memory .
and that only reliable [users] programme these settings into the oven 's memory .

The single lack of intelligent , professional , enforceable legislation has resulted in a hotchpotch of product shapes , materials and functions , has allowed overseas manufacturers to establish footholds , has weakened the market by allowing any sheet metal factory to ‘ knowk out an ‘ ood ’ , and in many cases has put operators , and clients , health and safety at risk .
the single lack of intelligent , professional , enforceable legislation has resulted in a hotchpotch of product shapes , materials and functions , has allowed overseas manufacturers to establish footholds , has weakened the market by allowing any sheet metal factory to ‘ knowk out an ‘ ood ’ , and in many cases has put [users] , and clients , health and safety at risk .

Contaminated filters , canopy surfaces and lights all create direct risks to both operators and clients , and they indicate the level of cleanliness throughout the kitchen area .
contaminated filters , canopy surfaces and lights all create direct risks to both [users] and clients , and they indicate the level of cleanliness throughout the kitchen area .

The onset of open kitchen fast food catering , as introduced by the Americal multi-outlets , has shown that cleanliness can be a central part of an operators product and marketing strategy — grubby kitchens invariably produce grubby food .
the onset of open kitchen fast food catering , as introduced by the americal multi-outlets , has shown that cleanliness can be a central part of an [users] product and marketing strategy — grubby kitchens invariably produce grubby food .

As environmental health officers become more aware of the implications of poor canopy design , manufacture and maintenance , and their own staffing levels and training improve , many kitchen operators are in for a very rude and expensive awakening ( in most cases the cost of replacing an inefficient system is considerably higher than fitting that same system from the outset ) .
as environmental health officers become more aware of the implications of poor canopy design , manufacture and maintenance , and their own staffing levels and training improve , many kitchen [users] are in for a very rude and expensive awakening ( in most cases the cost of replacing an inefficient system is considerably higher than fitting that same system from the outset ) .

The word consultant lends itself to a very wide interpretation and many food service operators , and particularly hotel operators , believe they are all capable of being food service consultants .
the word consultant lends itself to a very wide interpretation and many food service [users] , and particularly hotel [users] , believe they are all capable of being food service consultants .

Former French Prime Minister , warned fast food operators on the Champs Elysees to ‘ clean up or get out ’ .
former french prime minister , warned fast food [users] on the champs elysees to ‘ clean up or get out ’ .

mine operators ) on the Coniston Manor at this time .
mine [users] ) on the coniston manor at this time .

Dickson reveals that the Coniston Mine was being managed in a similar manner though fails to disclose who the operators were .
dickson reveals that the coniston mine was being managed in a similar manner though fails to disclose who the [users] were .

These are a complexity of outcropping veins on which 17th Century miners worked but in places they have been modified by subsequent operators .
these are a complexity of outcropping veins on which 17th century miners worked but in places they have been modified by subsequent [users] .

Our supply base activities continue to evolve as offshore operators increasingly contract out non-core activities and delegate more responsibility to service companies .
our supply base activities continue to evolve as offshore [users] increasingly contract out non-core activities and delegate more responsibility to service companies .

Marathon and other operators were also undertaken during the year .
marathon and other [users] were also undertaken during the year .

Mary felt that it was too much of an intervention , operators and technicians floating around trying to get mikes here and that it was distracting … she decided it might be more useful to try and fix the camera .
mary felt that it was too much of an intervention , [users] and technicians floating around trying to get mikes here and that it was distracting … she decided it might be more useful to try and fix the camera .

The new project , which has been launched quietly and without fuss , mirrors a much more highly-publicised initiative — the World Association of Nuclear Operators — promoted some months ago by Lord Marshall , chairman of the Central Electricity Generating Board .
the new project , which has been launched quietly and without fuss , mirrors a much more highly-publicised initiative — the world association of nuclear [users] — promoted some months ago by lord marshall , chairman of the central electricity generating board .

Mountain bike operators : Himalayan Mountain Bikes , located in the courtyard of the Kathmandu Guest House , runs trips all over Nepal from 1 to 13 days , with costs ranging from $ 20 to $ 1,940 ; the Nagarkot trip costs $ 80 .
mountain bike [users] : himalayan mountain bikes , located in the courtyard of the kathmandu guest house , runs trips all over nepal from 1 to 13 days , with costs ranging from $ 20 to $ 1,940 ; the nagarkot trip costs $ 80 .

In that event , smaller operators stretched to meet margin calls might suffer .
in that event , smaller [users] stretched to meet margin calls might suffer .

It is seldom simple and even the more experienced operators make mistakes , often because they do not understand the difference between source — what the original sound is like — and acoustics — what happens to it when it leaves the loudspeakers .
it is seldom simple and even the more experienced [users] make mistakes , often because they do not understand the difference between source — what the original sound is like — and acoustics — what happens to it when it leaves the loudspeakers .

One well-known television personality is said to be rather hard on the teleprompter operators .
one well-known television personality is said to be rather hard on the teleprompter [users] .

The plan is to increase the efficiency of the rail services , both for passengers and freight , by allowing private sector operators to run services on the network , widening choice for customers and increasing competition .
the plan is to increase the efficiency of the rail services , both for passengers and freight , by allowing private sector [users] to run services on the network , widening choice for customers and increasing competition .

Caucasians , newly-arrived at the airport , were hired by English school operators to teach tired Japanese businessmen how to say ‘ this is a pen ’ .
caucasians , newly-arrived at the airport , were hired by english school [users] to teach tired japanese businessmen how to say ‘ this is a pen ’ .

By contrast , according to the British Franchise Association fewer than 10 p.c. of franchise operators go under .
by contrast , according to the british franchise association fewer than 10 p.c. of franchise [users] go under .

However , the company 's managing director , Len Clayton , notes that fleet operators are finding the generally shorter service intervals an inconvenience .
however , the company 's managing director , len clayton , notes that fleet [users] are finding the generally shorter service intervals an inconvenience .

Throughout April about 1,000 fleet operators are being given the chance to put Peugeot 's entire diesel car range through its paces at various venues around the country , allowing road and track driving .
throughout april about 1,000 fleet [users] are being given the chance to put peugeot 's entire diesel car range through its paces at various venues around the country , allowing road and track driving .

smooth operators
smooth [users]

Ironically , tour operators are strictly forbidden from seeking out belugas , because they are an endangered species , but the beluga has nevertheless become a powerful symbol of ecological neglect for those who have experienced the 3-hour cruises , complete with detailed lectures about the animal 's plight .
ironically , tour [users] are strictly forbidden from seeking out belugas , because they are an endangered species , but the beluga has nevertheless become a powerful symbol of ecological neglect for those who have experienced the 3-hour cruises , complete with detailed lectures about the animal 's plight .

Most of all , Mr Winchester writes in a way guaranteed to lure the reader on to the most improbable journeys . Who else would follow a lump of iron ore from Mount Newman in Western Australia all the way to a Japanese smelter and on to the Nissan showrooms in California ? Or take a white Rolls Royce into Los Angeles gangland to interview Raul ( ‘ Pinky ’ ) Estoban — who gave story and photographs in return for being allowed to drive the car himself ? Or persuade the operators of a slow train to Ulan Bator to put his Beatles cassette on the public-address system ?
most of all , mr winchester writes in a way guaranteed to lure the reader on to the most improbable journeys . who else would follow a lump of iron ore from mount newman in western australia all the way to a japanese smelter and on to the nissan showrooms in california ? or take a white rolls royce into los angeles gangland to interview raul ( ‘ pinky ’ ) estoban — who gave story and photographs in return for being allowed to drive the car himself ? or persuade the [users] of a slow train to ulan bator to put his beatles cassette on the public-address system ?

None has loosened criminal control , though crooked operators are periodically sent to jail .
none has loosened criminal control , though crooked [users] are periodically sent to jail .

It led to the creation in Moscow in May 1989 of the World Association of Nuclear Operators .
it led to the creation in moscow in may 1989 of the world association of nuclear [users] .

The itinerary for this competition appeared to have been worked out with the sole aim of maximizing the profit of the air operators who did the transporting .
the itinerary for this competition appeared to have been worked out with the sole aim of maximizing the profit of the air [users] who did the transporting .

There was a real incentive for operators to provide a quality service which built consumer loyalty .
there was a real incentive for [users] to provide a quality service which built consumer loyalty .

In short , the consumer called the tune and the operators who prospered were those who best identified the needs of the consumers and met them at the right price .
in short , the consumer called the tune and the [users] who prospered were those who best identified the needs of the consumers and met them at the right price .

For FFr100m ( $ 17.5m ) , American Express has bought a 2 % stake in Club Méditerranée , a French group that ranks third among European tour operators , and runs holiday villages in exotic places .
for ffr100m ( $ 17.5m ) , american express has bought a 2 % stake in club méditerranée , a french group that ranks third among european tour [users] , and runs holiday villages in exotic places .

The public 's resentment of thrift operators and their accomplices is showing itself .
the public 's resentment of thrift [users] and their accomplices is showing itself .

The big fleet operators get the biggest discounts — putting the dealers under pressure to maintain higher prices for private buyers .
the big fleet [users] get the biggest discounts — putting the dealers under pressure to maintain higher prices for private buyers .

Operators received lethal doses of radiation while needlessly reconnecting the water supply to the devastated reactor .
[users] received lethal doses of radiation while needlessly reconnecting the water supply to the devastated reactor .

’ Against this , the conduct of the electricians , the nuclear operators and the firefighters seems both heroic and hopeless .
’ against this , the conduct of the electricians , the nuclear [users] and the firefighters seems both heroic and hopeless .

Mr Karel Van Miert , the Transport Commissioner , is asking member governments to approve a plan which would leave passenger services largely in the hands of state-owned monopolies but open up freight services to competition by permitting private operators to pay for the use of publicly-owned tracks .
mr karel van miert , the transport commissioner , is asking member governments to approve a plan which would leave passenger services largely in the hands of state-owned monopolies but open up freight services to competition by permitting private [users] to pay for the use of publicly-owned tracks .

In lock Craig Yendell , of Bath , and No 8 Richard Hill , of Salisbury , England had forwards of immense potential while half-backs Gary Becconsall ( Bristol ) and skipper Paul Burke ( Loughborough University ) were smooth operators .
in lock craig yendell , of bath , and no 8 richard hill , of salisbury , england had forwards of immense potential while half-backs gary becconsall ( bristol ) and skipper paul burke ( loughborough university ) were smooth [users] .

Travel : Grand tours with great commentators Which cultural holiday ? Jessica Mann samples study tours offered by three leading operators
travel : grand tours with great commentators which cultural holiday ? jessica mann samples study tours offered by three leading [users]

At present unscrupulous operators — bureaux de change are not subject to Government licensing — attempt to attract unwitting customers by promising an apparently reasonable rate of exchange .
at present unscrupulous [users] — bureaux de change are not subject to government licensing — attempt to attract unwitting customers by promising an apparently reasonable rate of exchange .

Len Hill , South West Water chairman until 1987 , was one of those who protested that government cuts meant a ‘ greater likelihood of disruptions and deteriorations in service to our customers and possible health and safety implications … Experienced operators on site are able to detect failures but these procedures are not followed due to decreased manpower .
len hill , south west water chairman until 1987 , was one of those who protested that government cuts meant a ‘ greater likelihood of disruptions and deteriorations in service to our customers and possible health and safety implications … experienced [users] on site are able to detect failures but these procedures are not followed due to decreased manpower .

As holiday areas increase in popularity , building work or enhancements to the infrastructure are a not unexpected feature , and often start without any prior warning to tour operators .
as holiday areas increase in popularity , building work or enhancements to the infrastructure are a not unexpected feature , and often start without any prior warning to tour [users] .

It incorporates all cargo activities in relation to airlines , handling agents , customs brokers , freight forwarding agents and express transport operators .
it incorporates all cargo activities in relation to airlines , handling agents , customs brokers , freight forwarding agents and express transport [users] .

The comprehensive complex ( to the west of the International pier and with its own dedicated access ) incorporates all cargo activities in relation to airlines , handling agents , customs brokers , freight forwarding agents and express transport operators .
the comprehensive complex ( to the west of the international pier and with its own dedicated access ) incorporates all cargo activities in relation to airlines , handling agents , customs brokers , freight forwarding agents and express transport [users] .

We will permit access by private operators to the British Rail track network .
we will permit access by private [users] to the british rail track network .

He will chair a new Transport Working Group which will bring together public transport operators — from both public and private sectors — to discuss transport issues in London .
he will chair a new transport working group which will bring together public transport [users] — from both public and private sectors — to discuss transport issues in london .

Pool operators were often unaware of their responsibilities to report accidents and dangerous occurrences to their local authority .
pool [users] were often unaware of their responsibilities to report accidents and dangerous occurrences to their local authority .

Many hoteliers , both independents and chain operators , feel they have to charge £50 or £100 to make a profit .
many hoteliers , both independents and chain [users] , feel they have to charge £50 or £100 to make a profit .

The operators can , of they have a mind to question the systems ' automatic decisions , run through the status of the entire building or a single valve .
the [users] can , of they have a mind to question the systems ' automatic decisions , run through the status of the entire building or a single valve .

• Targeting coach companies and tour operators covering the Gorge .
• targeting coach companies and tour [users] covering the gorge .

‘ Also certain operators are seduced by the price of cheap oil .
‘ also certain [users] are seduced by the price of cheap oil .

Britain 's 10 biggest tour operators , according to the number of holidays they are licensed to sell in the year ending March 1990 : 1 .
britain 's 10 biggest tour [users] , according to the number of holidays they are licensed to sell in the year ending march 1990 : 1 .

We can believe that the pub is universally respected and prized and that there is common cause and common understanding between owners , operators and users alike .
we can believe that the pub is universally respected and prized and that there is common cause and common understanding between owners , [users] and users alike .

Following the appointment of a new Minister of Tourism , the Jordanian Tourism Consortia , which incorporates hoteliers , tour operators and transport companies , is preparing a marketing campaign aimed at luring back some of the missing millions of tourists and business travellers , particularly from nearby Arab states .
following the appointment of a new minister of tourism , the jordanian tourism consortia , which incorporates hoteliers , tour [users] and transport companies , is preparing a marketing campaign aimed at luring back some of the missing millions of tourists and business travellers , particularly from nearby arab states .

Initial training to teach operators how to use the system takes more or less time depending on the software , but typically this ranges from two to five days .
initial training to teach [users] how to use the system takes more or less time depending on the software , but typically this ranges from two to five days .

An example of this is when it refers to ‘ food business operators ’ which , according to Mr Knowles , is unspecific and far too general a definition .
an example of this is when it refers to ‘ food business [users] ’ which , according to mr knowles , is unspecific and far too general a definition .

He also criticised the reference to critical control points under which it said that : ‘ Food business operators shall identify any process undertaken which may be critical to ensuring food safety and ensure that adequate safety procedures are identified , maintained and reviewed . ’
he also criticised the reference to critical control points under which it said that : ‘ food business [users] shall identify any process undertaken which may be critical to ensuring food safety and ensure that adequate safety procedures are identified , maintained and reviewed . ’

Regarding training , the document said that food business operators must ensure that food handlers are fully trained or supervised commensurate with their work activity .
regarding training , the document said that food business [users] must ensure that food handlers are fully trained or supervised commensurate with their work activity .

Each one gives a history of the area , a list of all the local dive operators and the services they offer , as well as many other useful names and addresses including photographic specialists .
each one gives a history of the area , a list of all the local dive [users] and the services they offer , as well as many other useful names and addresses including photographic specialists .

Sweden is currently off the Richter price scale for British clients but Norway , euphoric at winning the 1994 Olympics for Lillehammer , is determined to regain the reputation it had for alpine skiing thirty years ago , when the annual quota of British skiers was 15,000 ; today it is 1,500 , but that will change when the tour operators can be induced to include Norwegian destinations in their programmes .
sweden is currently off the richter price scale for british clients but norway , euphoric at winning the 1994 olympics for lillehammer , is determined to regain the reputation it had for alpine skiing thirty years ago , when the annual quota of british skiers was 15,000 ; today it is 1,500 , but that will change when the tour [users] can be induced to include norwegian destinations in their programmes .

Ski start : the major tour operators run learn to ski weeks which are especially useful for lone learners .
ski start : the major tour [users] run learn to ski weeks which are especially useful for lone learners .

Thereafter tourism replaced travel , the masses were unleashed upon the Continent , package-tour operators and entrepreneurs got to work to ensure that everywhere from Zagreb to Zanzibar looked , felt , and smelt exactly the same , and the aeroplane turned Atlantic crossings and transworld flights into the merest commuting , as mechanical and regular and unremarkable as catching the 6.10 from Waterloo to Surbiton .
thereafter tourism replaced travel , the masses were unleashed upon the continent , package-tour [users] and entrepreneurs got to work to ensure that everywhere from zagreb to zanzibar looked , felt , and smelt exactly the same , and the aeroplane turned atlantic crossings and transworld flights into the merest commuting , as mechanical and regular and unremarkable as catching the 6.10 from waterloo to surbiton .

Operators report varying attitudes from snow-hungry skiers .
[users] report varying attitudes from snow-hungry skiers .

But if the operators are set against discounting it will not prevent the agencies from doing some on their own account .
but if the [users] are set against discounting it will not prevent the agencies from doing some on their own account .

It has become such an attraction that local tour operators are beating a path to its door .
it has become such an attraction that local tour [users] are beating a path to its door .

Operators will have a ‘ residual duty ’ to minimise the impact of their discharges on the environment .
[users] will have a ‘ residual duty ’ to minimise the impact of their discharges on the environment .

Only ‘ fit and proper ’ people will be allowed to run waste sites and operators will have to care for their sites until all risks of gas or pollution have passed .
only ‘ fit and proper ’ people will be allowed to run waste sites and [users] will have to care for their sites until all risks of gas or pollution have passed .

This would cut out the ‘ cowboy ’ operators who will lose their licences if caught dumping illegally .
this would cut out the ‘ cowboy ’ [users] who will lose their licences if caught dumping illegally .

And he must be aware of people since he is not only concerned with the technical standing of machines but also with the physical and mental health of his operators .
and he must be aware of people since he is not only concerned with the technical standing of machines but also with the physical and mental health of his [users] .

It 's interesting that if you have a machine wrapping biscuits at 50 a minute and it is increased to 70 a minute , the operators who have been doing it at 50 find it very difficult to adapt , but the new operators who come in at 70 cope with it easily .
it 's interesting that if you have a machine wrapping biscuits at 50 a minute and it is increased to 70 a minute , the [users] who have been doing it at 50 find it very difficult to adapt , but the new [users] who come in at 70 cope with it easily .

In both cases the alleged safety violation concerns operators dropping nuclear components .
in both cases the alleged safety violation concerns [users] dropping nuclear components .

On 4 February this year , the station operators dropped a complete nuclear fuel assembly into the core of one of the reactors , putting the reactor out of commission .
on 4 february this year , the station [users] dropped a complete nuclear fuel assembly into the core of one of the reactors , putting the reactor out of commission .

The new technology has meant many changes in the new plant which now requires fewer operators to achieve productivity levels of two to four times greater than in the older production plant .
the new technology has meant many changes in the new plant which now requires fewer [users] to achieve productivity levels of two to four times greater than in the older production plant .

But around 1955 various smart operators in the American and Canadian blasting industry began to see the light .
but around 1955 various smart [users] in the american and canadian blasting industry began to see the light .

These operators were normally young folk ( farmers ' sons ) who had received training in farm machinery .
these [users] were normally young folk ( farmers ' sons ) who had received training in farm machinery .

Whereas biological agents have hitherto been less efficient in total kill , speed of kill and activity spectrum , they are also attractive — resistance to them in natural pest populations is infrequent , and they can present fewer hazards to operators and the environment .
whereas biological agents have hitherto been less efficient in total kill , speed of kill and activity spectrum , they are also attractive — resistance to them in natural pest populations is infrequent , and they can present fewer hazards to [users] and the environment .

‘ Sometimes we talk to the operators on the American and British submarines .
‘ sometimes we talk to the [users] on the american and british submarines .

But look out for hidden extras : most operators will charge a preparation fee of around £30 for airport transfers and installation of toilet chemicals and a starter tank of propane gas .
but look out for hidden extras : most [users] will charge a preparation fee of around £30 for airport transfers and installation of toilet chemicals and a starter tank of propane gas .

The growing trend towards independent travel and demand for escapes to the Great Outdoors have prompted operators to court would-be explorers with adventurous options from high-speed , white-water rafting to camping , canoeing , mountain-climbing and ranching .
the growing trend towards independent travel and demand for escapes to the great outdoors have prompted [users] to court would-be explorers with adventurous options from high-speed , white-water rafting to camping , canoeing , mountain-climbing and ranching .

Tag-a-Long Expeditions ( 091 430 1448 ) and Sheri Griffith Expeditions ( 0752 664944 ) are just two of the many operators specialising in the off-beat .
tag-a-long expeditions ( 091 430 1448 ) and sheri griffith expeditions ( 0752 664944 ) are just two of the many [users] specialising in the off-beat .

Special safeguards will apply to protect employees of system operators to ensure that those who are careless or negligent will not be accused of criminal offences .
special safeguards will apply to protect employees of system [users] to ensure that those who are careless or negligent will not be accused of criminal offences .

Its operators bring the dip to the sheep and take away the left-over chemical which is disposed of at an approved site .
its [users] bring the dip to the sheep and take away the left-over chemical which is disposed of at an approved site .

Mr Williams plans to cover the country with about 21 operators .
mr williams plans to cover the country with about 21 [users] .

But Mr Summerscales says operators ' grumbles that the guards are not strong enough to match harsh agricultural work can not be supported .
but mr summerscales says [users] ' grumbles that the guards are not strong enough to match harsh agricultural work can not be supported .

It attracts both long-standing operators brushing up their skills and complete newcomers .
it attracts both long-standing [users] brushing up their skills and complete newcomers .

The simple act of getting chemicals from container to spray tank can leave operators prone to contamination .
the simple act of getting chemicals from container to spray tank can leave [users] prone to contamination .

We look at two systems that aim to keep operators and chemicals well apart .
we look at two systems that aim to keep [users] and chemicals well apart .

Pouring neat chemicals into the tank is a big area of potential contamination for sprayer operators .
pouring neat chemicals into the tank is a big area of potential contamination for sprayer [users] .

Five years ago , Richard Garnett , a machinery lecturer at Holme Lacy College of Agriculture , had a rather good idea . Instead of sprayer operators having to pour out chemicals by hand , he figured , why not fit a syringe system that keeps man and chemical well apart ?
five years ago , richard garnett , a machinery lecturer at holme lacy college of agriculture , had a rather good idea . instead of sprayer [users] having to pour out chemicals by hand , he figured , why not fit a syringe system that keeps man and chemical well apart ?

He suggests that operators should have four or five caps so that refitting of the normal container cap can be avoided altogether .
he suggests that [users] should have four or five caps so that refitting of the normal container cap can be avoided altogether .

It neatly sidesteps the whole process of undoing and pouring spray by allowing operators to puncture the cans and then let the spray be rinsed straight into the sprayer .
it neatly sidesteps the whole process of undoing and pouring spray by allowing [users] to puncture the cans and then let the spray be rinsed straight into the sprayer .

Moreover , pulling the foil tops off the spray containers can be very awkward with gloved hands , as many sprayer operators will ruefully admit .
moreover , pulling the foil tops off the spray containers can be very awkward with gloved hands , as many sprayer [users] will ruefully admit .

He even finds himself giving out gardening advice to local radio operators from his car .
he even finds himself giving out gardening advice to local radio [users] from his car .

He had switched-off the assembly track one Friday afternoon , half an hour before finishing time , ostensibly on the grounds that the overhead conveyor was unsafe and a danger to line operators working below .
he had switched-off the assembly track one friday afternoon , half an hour before finishing time , ostensibly on the grounds that the overhead conveyor was unsafe and a danger to line [users] working below .

Two operators work best when the first starts to apply chemical while the other assembles the machine and gets it running .
two [users] work best when the first starts to apply chemical while the other assembles the machine and gets it running .

By this time some of the areas have been treated , maximising contact time without wasting operators time .
by this time some of the areas have been treated , maximising contact time without wasting [users] time .

Lastly , a scheme for silvipasture involving quite an intricate technology combining livestock-rearing , fodder grasses and fuelwood , needed considerable capital and physical back-up on the part of farmers , the larger operators of whom were successful .
lastly , a scheme for silvipasture involving quite an intricate technology combining livestock-rearing , fodder grasses and fuelwood , needed considerable capital and physical back-up on the part of farmers , the larger [users] of whom were successful .

The camera operators in the Commons have a serious problem .
the camera [users] in the commons have a serious problem .

The 15,000 guests are mainly press and broadcast journalists , investors , tour operators , politicians and other dignitaries and their partners .
the 15,000 guests are mainly press and broadcast journalists , investors , tour [users] , politicians and other dignitaries and their partners .

Among many deep sea angling operators , Alternative Cornish Holidays runs a 32 ft , 120hp motor fishing vessel from Padstow to hook bass , mackerel , cod , ling , congers , pollock and even shark .
among many deep sea angling [users] , alternative cornish holidays runs a 32 ft , 120hp motor fishing vessel from padstow to hook bass , mackerel , cod , ling , congers , pollock and even shark .

It soon expects to announce 10 deals to lease its remaining pubs , free of any beer supply agreements , to brewers and pub operators .
it soon expects to announce 10 deals to lease its remaining pubs , free of any beer supply agreements , to brewers and pub [users] .

Sir Bryan Carsberg , director general of Telecommunications , gave the order because operators had not raised £660,000 for a compensation fund to pay those whose phones had been used without permission .
sir bryan carsberg , director general of telecommunications , gave the order because [users] had not raised £660,000 for a compensation fund to pay those whose phones had been used without permission .

Out of 12,000 mostly unskilled workers taken on to staff the park , of which two thirds have been French and the rest from abroad , as many as 4,000 are thought to have quit in the last few months , prompting worries about mounting costs on the operators ' training and employment budgets .
out of 12,000 mostly unskilled workers taken on to staff the park , of which two thirds have been french and the rest from abroad , as many as 4,000 are thought to have quit in the last few months , prompting worries about mounting costs on the [users] ' training and employment budgets .

Only operators able to fill their trains could expect to make a reasonable profit .
only [users] able to fill their trains could expect to make a reasonable profit .

The victims were not just the established railway enthusiast tour operators ( all but a handful of which had already been squeezed out ) but organisations such as the women 's institutes and working men 's clubs , whose annual train trips had been a tradition .
the victims were not just the established railway enthusiast tour [users] ( all but a handful of which had already been squeezed out ) but organisations such as the women 's institutes and working men 's clubs , whose annual train trips had been a tradition .

Most Super-Sprinter services are based on hourly or two-hourly clock-face timings , and a feature of their operation has been their reliability , much in the face of opposition from traditional railway operators who originally rejected out of hand the idea that end-on services could be linked up without transferring delays from one part of the system to another .
most super-sprinter services are based on hourly or two-hourly clock-face timings , and a feature of their operation has been their reliability , much in the face of opposition from traditional railway [users] who originally rejected out of hand the idea that end-on services could be linked up without transferring delays from one part of the system to another .

Milan : Operators reacted with frustration to a spate of new capital increase operations announced late last week .
milan : [users] reacted with frustration to a spate of new capital increase operations announced late last week .

Meanwhile , market operators take due account of exchange rate risk ; and what alarms them is not so much the size , but the direction of a deficit .
meanwhile , market [users] take due account of exchange rate risk ; and what alarms them is not so much the size , but the direction of a deficit .

Did you ever hear the cellphone operators complaining that the early competition adversely affected their business ? Did you heck !
did you ever hear the cellphone [users] complaining that the early competition adversely affected their business ? did you heck !

It uses post fix notation , where arguments come first and operators follow .
it uses post fix notation , where arguments come first and [users] follow .

It is a large language , with over 300 operators .
it is a large language , with over 300 [users] .

Although it has loops , procedures and conditional operators , in terms of modern software theory it is not strongly structured .
although it has loops , procedures and conditional [users] , in terms of modern software theory it is not strongly structured .

Operators used high-voltage induction coils , with the result that the insulation deteriorated , probably causing the cable 's failure .
[users] used high-voltage induction coils , with the result that the insulation deteriorated , probably causing the cable 's failure .

The British insisted that it be worked by British operators — reluctantly agreed to — and it finally entered Australia in the Northern Territories .
the british insisted that it be worked by british [users] — reluctantly agreed to — and it finally entered australia in the northern territories .

Mall operators argue that the Sally Army must be banned , or the precedent would allow a flood of other charitable panhandlers to invade their territory , and solicit a little of the money which should by rights be the monopoly of the retailers .
mall [users] argue that the sally army must be banned , or the precedent would allow a flood of other charitable panhandlers to invade their territory , and solicit a little of the money which should by rights be the monopoly of the retailers .

Potential British users of the satellite photographs are port authorities , offshore oil and gas operators , mining concerns , agriculturists and transport authorities .
potential british users of the satellite photographs are port authorities , offshore oil and gas [users] , mining concerns , agriculturists and transport authorities .

For most of the following day , the team of operators waited patiently for the temperature to drop .
for most of the following day , the team of [users] waited patiently for the temperature to drop .

Unknown even to the operators , some of the rods of uranium fuel which were supposed to fall from the back of the reactor into a storage pond had instead tumbled into the channel which led up to the tall chimney .
unknown even to the [users] , some of the rods of uranium fuel which were supposed to fall from the back of the reactor into a storage pond had instead tumbled into the channel which led up to the tall chimney .

Cooling water pumps were incapacitated , and even though the twin reactors were shut down , it took many hours for the operators to successfully control the residual heat in their cores .
cooling water pumps were incapacitated , and even though the twin reactors were shut down , it took many hours for the [users] to successfully control the residual heat in their cores .

But the nuclear power-station operators in both Britain and abroad have also begun to look much more seriously at a clear alternative to reprocessing : the storage of the spent fuel until it can be directly disposed of in a special dump .
but the nuclear power-station [users] in both britain and abroad have also begun to look much more seriously at a clear alternative to reprocessing : the storage of the spent fuel until it can be directly disposed of in a special dump .

Since the early military experiments , the new civilian operators of nuclear power ( the electricity generating boards ) have argued in public that the two branches have become clearly separated .
since the early military experiments , the new civilian [users] of nuclear power ( the electricity generating boards ) have argued in public that the two branches have become clearly separated .

As had happened in previous nuclear accidents , the operators misread the situation .
as had happened in previous nuclear accidents , the [users] misread the situation .

When this exploded , fortunately not fiercely enough to breach the wall of the vessel , the operators realized what was happening .
when this exploded , fortunately not fiercely enough to breach the wall of the vessel , the [users] realized what was happening .

Ingenious robots are now being prepared to gradually cut its insides apart , watched by operators from behind thick glass screens .
ingenious robots are now being prepared to gradually cut its insides apart , watched by [users] from behind thick glass screens .

Fierce competition between the major tour operators in Britain , Germany and Scandinavia produced advantageous deals with airlines and hotels ; there were better and more economical aircraft , and less financial restrictions , all of which produced cheaper holidays .
fierce competition between the major tour [users] in britain , germany and scandinavia produced advantageous deals with airlines and hotels ; there were better and more economical aircraft , and less financial restrictions , all of which produced cheaper holidays .

There were some departures from the norm : just after the First World War several tour operators organized trips to the battlefields of France and Belgium .
there were some departures from the norm : just after the first world war several tour [users] organized trips to the battlefields of france and belgium .

People want to travel to pursue their hobbies , or try new ones , and the specialist tour operators have responded with a plethora of organized activities .
people want to travel to pursue their hobbies , or try new ones , and the specialist tour [users] have responded with a plethora of organized activities .

Responsible tour operators have recognized the problem and are doing all in their power to stop it .
responsible tour [users] have recognized the problem and are doing all in their power to stop it .

Other operators Owners Abroad and Airtours confirm they anticipate a more buoyant market post-election .
other [users] owners abroad and airtours confirm they anticipate a more buoyant market post-election .

Alternatively , use Air Miles to get generous discounts on holidays with leading tour operators .
alternatively , use air miles to get generous discounts on holidays with leading tour [users] .

In a mixed economy , public authorities , developers , transport operators and traders all have their part to play .
in a mixed economy , public authorities , developers , transport [users] and traders all have their part to play .

On certain selected core plugs the porosity , permeability and formation factor measurements under ‘ confining pressure ’ — simulating original overburden pressures — have been made by operators , or by Robertson Research on behalf of Schlumberger .
on certain selected core plugs the porosity , permeability and formation factor measurements under ‘ confining pressure ’ — simulating original overburden pressures — have been made by [users] , or by robertson research on behalf of schlumberger .

String instruments always raised difficulties , because they had less power than the wind section , and their operators needed more ‘ elbow-room ’ .
string instruments always raised difficulties , because they had less power than the wind section , and their [users] needed more ‘ elbow-room ’ .

are there proper operators ' chairs ? Can they be adjusted for height ; do they have firm back supports ?
are there proper [users] ' chairs ? can they be adjusted for height ; do they have firm back supports ?

The operators would ask questions and a wooden tripod on wheels would be guided to the correct answer .
the [users] would ask questions and a wooden tripod on wheels would be guided to the correct answer .

Both my cousins were operators in a cotton mill where Uncle George was a maintenance fitter , a job which had left its mark for he was minus a finger on each hand .
both my cousins were [users] in a cotton mill where uncle george was a maintenance fitter , a job which had left its mark for he was minus a finger on each hand .

When railway travelling commenced , Mr Wright was wiser than many other coach operators .
when railway travelling commenced , mr wright was wiser than many other coach [users] .

This , the ‘ Wolverton Coupling ’ , was used by outside operators and other railway companies .
this , the ‘ wolverton coupling ’ , was used by outside [users] and other railway companies .

Added to this were other ‘ bus operators and from around 1934 the United Counties ran services into Wolverton market from most of the surrounding villages .
added to this were other ‘ bus [users] and from around 1934 the united counties ran services into wolverton market from most of the surrounding villages .

Former telephone operators fitted the bill perfectly — They 're naturals ' claimed Mr Irwin .
former telephone [users] fitted the bill perfectly — they 're naturals ' claimed mr irwin .

Unscrupulous operators took the two months ' imprisonment in their stride .
unscrupulous [users] took the two months ' imprisonment in their stride .

As a result a company may have a golden opportunity to remove its operators from their central role in controlling production .
as a result a company may have a golden opportunity to remove its [users] from their central role in controlling production .

Even though producing the tapes was primarily the responsibility of the computer staff , the machine operators insisted on correcting faults in the programming with the editing equipment .
even though producing the tapes was primarily the responsibility of the computer staff , the machine [users] insisted on correcting faults in the programming with the editing equipment .

However , the superintendents and foremen who worked on the factory floor , many having themselves been skilled machinists , sided with the operators and consequently nothing happened to change the balance of power .
however , the superintendents and foremen who worked on the factory floor , many having themselves been skilled machinists , sided with the [users] and consequently nothing happened to change the balance of power .

Had the management sided with the latter , it would have had to stop the operators from ‘ tampering ’ with the machine controls — perhaps by withholding a key that switches on the editing equipment .
had the management sided with the latter , it would have had to stop the [users] from ‘ tampering ’ with the machine controls — perhaps by withholding a key that switches on the editing equipment .

As in the case of the plating company , operators had grown familiar with a new set of moulding machinery soon after it had been installed .
as in the case of the plating company , [users] had grown familiar with a new set of moulding machinery soon after it had been installed .

Managers became alarmed as , against all expectations , the operators managed to control the machinery just as well as their supervisors and demanded higher wages .
managers became alarmed as , against all expectations , the [users] managed to control the machinery just as well as their supervisors and demanded higher wages .

Even if operators choose to base their networks on the tree-and-branch system , they will be required to lay their ducts in such a way that the star technique can be accommodated later on .
even if [users] choose to base their networks on the tree-and-branch system , they will be required to lay their ducts in such a way that the star technique can be accommodated later on .

And operators of star networks will be offered longer franchises than those who supply the older technology .
and [users] of star networks will be offered longer franchises than those who supply the older technology .

However it is also likely that many ‘ wifely ’ tasks such as teamaking and the bosses ' shopping disappear , and that typists gain some protection from sexual harassment as they increasingly become machine operators , tied to work stations .
however it is also likely that many ‘ wifely ’ tasks such as teamaking and the bosses ' shopping disappear , and that typists gain some protection from sexual harassment as they increasingly become machine [users] , tied to work stations .

To begin with the government wants private operators to cast a spider 's web of cable-TV over the country , It is n't obvious that this is the best way to go about it .
to begin with the government wants private [users] to cast a spider 's web of cable-tv over the country , it is n't obvious that this is the best way to go about it .

The deals , under power pricing contracts , involved British Aluminium Metals , the operators of the now defunct Invergordon smelter , and Anglesey Aluminium Metals .
the deals , under power pricing contracts , involved british aluminium metals , the [users] of the now defunct invergordon smelter , and anglesey aluminium metals .

Here again , standardisation is the key to the rational use of such training resources as simulators which faithfully reproduce the standard control room and the situations the operators may encounter .
here again , standardisation is the key to the rational use of such training resources as simulators which faithfully reproduce the standard control room and the situations the [users] may encounter .

When the computer was the domain of the ‘ data processing department ’ — with double doors to keep out unwanted irritants like dirt , warm air and people who did n't understand what was going on within — the resident team of programmers and operators went unchallenged .
when the computer was the domain of the ‘ data processing department ’ — with double doors to keep out unwanted irritants like dirt , warm air and people who did n't understand what was going on within — the resident team of programmers and [users] went unchallenged .

For the operators , American Coal Enterprises paints an equally rosy picture .
for the [users] , american coal enterprises paints an equally rosy picture .

There is also suspicion about the effects of the VDUs , although the screens are well positioned and the operators have had eye tests .
there is also suspicion about the effects of the vdus , although the screens are well positioned and the [users] have had eye tests .

It needs only one breakdown to stop the whole process , and if the operators are not careful whole pages can ‘ disappear ’ inside the computer .
it needs only one breakdown to stop the whole process , and if the [users] are not careful whole pages can ‘ disappear ’ inside the computer .

The operators calmly assured everyone that there was no escape of radioactivity , and a day later normal service was resumed .
the [users] calmly assured everyone that there was no escape of radioactivity , and a day later normal service was resumed .

For launches with the space shuttle , however , underwriters are concluding deals with satellite operators where the premium is set at just 5 per cent .
for launches with the space shuttle , however , underwriters are concluding deals with satellite [users] where the premium is set at just 5 per cent .

Paul Murdin , who is in charge of the Isaac Newton telescope at its new site at La Palma , believes it is unfair for today 's operators of the telescope to be blamed for past errors .
paul murdin , who is in charge of the isaac newton telescope at its new site at la palma , believes it is unfair for today 's [users] of the telescope to be blamed for past errors .

The technology , simple in principle , is not a typical Third World village technology because , for successful deployment , it requires technically sophisticated operators as well as repair and maintenance technicians .
the technology , simple in principle , is not a typical third world village technology because , for successful deployment , it requires technically sophisticated [users] as well as repair and maintenance technicians .

Above all , operators must be able to adjust and tinker with air , gas and fuel flows to keep the systems running happily .
above all , [users] must be able to adjust and tinker with air , gas and fuel flows to keep the systems running happily .

That is if jobs are designed that offer job satisfaction , rather than alienation ; challenges rather than boredom ; skill enhancement rather than deskilling , so that the technology is seen as a set of tools for people to use in their work rather than the basis of a production system in which people are merely ‘ operators ’ .
that is if jobs are designed that offer job satisfaction , rather than alienation ; challenges rather than boredom ; skill enhancement rather than deskilling , so that the technology is seen as a set of tools for people to use in their work rather than the basis of a production system in which people are merely ‘ [users] ’ .

The idea behind the language is to enable untrained operators to scan through a data base posing questions in ordinary English , rather than in the stilted query languages that most database systems involve .
the idea behind the language is to enable untrained [users] to scan through a data base posing questions in ordinary english , rather than in the stilted query languages that most database systems involve .

Unlike many data bases which try and make things easy for operators , the Artificial Intelligence Language does not require vast amounts of storage .
unlike many data bases which try and make things easy for [users] , the artificial intelligence language does not require vast amounts of storage .

The plant 's operators decided to shut down the reactor and clean the rods .
the plant 's [users] decided to shut down the reactor and clean the rods .

For instance , there 's a 19th century telegraph relay station , where human operators function like modern amplifiers — they receive a weak signal and tap it out again for the next leg of the journey .
for instance , there 's a 19th century telegraph relay station , where human [users] function like modern amplifiers — they receive a weak signal and tap it out again for the next leg of the journey .

As an incentive for investment , the government will give 20 year licences to operators who install ‘ upwards-compatible- ’ or adaptable , systems .
as an incentive for investment , the government will give 20 year licences to [users] who install ‘ upwards-compatible- ’ or adaptable , systems .

Operators who cut corners will get a licence for only 12 years .
[users] who cut corners will get a licence for only 12 years .

This is why Kenneth Baker has promised longer franchises for operators prepared to install systems that rely on switched-star technology .
this is why kenneth baker has promised longer franchises for [users] prepared to install systems that rely on switched-star technology .

The company ran its own miniature exchange with five or six operators , and one of these girls would put the subscriber through to the theatre , concert hall or church of his choice .
the company ran its own miniature exchange with five or six [users] , and one of these girls would put the subscriber through to the theatre , concert hall or church of his choice .

Also , operators at the surface can reel in the drill like a fishing line , and replace the bit in one tenth the time it takes with conventional systems .
also , [users] at the surface can reel in the drill like a fishing line , and replace the bit in one tenth the time it takes with conventional systems .

Recent advances in sensing devices , which tell the operators what the drill is doing underground , have made the Robot Drill possible .
recent advances in sensing devices , which tell the [users] what the drill is doing underground , have made the robot drill possible .

But the cable operators told the government that they would not invest in cable unless they could have pay-TV as a sweetener .
but the cable [users] told the government that they would not invest in cable unless they could have pay-tv as a sweetener .

Ministers have already decided that they will have to give cable operators a free choice on the technology they use , provided it meets the basic requirements already laid down by the DoI and endorsed last month by the Eden Committee .
ministers have already decided that they will have to give cable [users] a free choice on the technology they use , provided it meets the basic requirements already laid down by the doi and endorsed last month by the eden committee .

The government knows that , if it tries to dictate , the cable operators will blame the government for any commercial failure which cable suffers .
the government knows that , if it tries to dictate , the cable [users] will blame the government for any commercial failure which cable suffers .

But the equipment is specific to a frequency and the Home Office has yet to tell bus operators what new frequencies they can use .
but the equipment is specific to a frequency and the home office has yet to tell bus [users] what new frequencies they can use .

Melman told the tale of an American car parts manufacturer where one plant elected to perpetuate Taylorism when it installed computers , and the other agreed ( as a condition of collective bargaining ) to train workers to program , In the first plant , workers were designated ‘ operators ’ and paid $ 12–50 an hour ; when their machine malfunctions they nip the on-off switch and call in a repairman .
melman told the tale of an american car parts manufacturer where one plant elected to perpetuate taylorism when it installed computers , and the other agreed ( as a condition of collective bargaining ) to train workers to program , in the first plant , workers were designated ‘ [users] ’ and paid $ 12–50 an hour ; when their machine malfunctions they nip the on-off switch and call in a repairman .

Babcock countered that the plant 's operators had all the information that they needed to cope with the crisis .
babcock countered that the plant 's [users] had all the information that they needed to cope with the crisis .

If delays and cancellations remain a regular feature of summer travel the airlines may find package holiday operators turning to the Tunnel as a more reliable way of getting their customers to destinations in Western Europe .
if delays and cancellations remain a regular feature of summer travel the airlines may find package holiday [users] turning to the tunnel as a more reliable way of getting their customers to destinations in western europe .

‘ The county council have had to re-tender virtually all services in the Liss , area , and so people , as always with competitive tendering must be prepared for some changes tot he operators and timetables , ’ said Mr. Clark .
‘ the county council have had to re-tender virtually all services in the liss , area , and so people , as always with competitive tendering must be prepared for some changes tot he [users] and timetables , ’ said mr. clark .

‘ Basically , ’ he added , ‘ there will be no reduction in the overall amount of services , but we will have Alder Valley , Hampshire and other operators all servicing the area in a short time . ’
‘ basically , ’ he added , ‘ there will be no reduction in the overall amount of services , but we will have alder valley , hampshire and other [users] all servicing the area in a short time . ’

The Operators & Observers of the River Adige & Its Banks are running a second Green Canoe Tour down Italy 's second longest river from 24th to May 7th to make the local population aware of the environmental threats to the river .
the [users] & observers of the river adige & its banks are running a second green canoe tour down italy 's second longest river from 24th to may 7th to make the local population aware of the environmental threats to the river .

This course is designed to prepare graduates for management careers within either hotels at unit and head office level , or within travel firms , tour operators or tourist organizations .
this course is designed to prepare graduates for management careers within either hotels at unit and head office level , or within travel firms , tour [users] or tourist organizations .

systems operators
systems [users]

Films are expensive to produce and update , and are therefore only within the range of the large commercial systems operators or database producers .
films are expensive to produce and update , and are therefore only within the range of the large commercial systems [users] or database producers .

Many of the products described above are produced and distributed by the systems operators or the database vendors .
many of the products described above are produced and distributed by the systems [users] or the database vendors .

It consists of six parts : Connection commands ; selection of a database ; constitution and use of indexes ; truncation and direct searches in inverted files ; use of Boolean operators ; online and offline prints .
it consists of six parts : connection commands ; selection of a database ; constitution and use of indexes ; truncation and direct searches in inverted files ; use of boolean [users] ; online and offline prints .

The need for live online instruction has been recognized by systems operators , who have provided various aids for teaching .
the need for live online instruction has been recognized by systems [users] , who have provided various aids for teaching .

Some systems operators provide so-called tutorial files , in which users can practise searches at low cost .
some systems [users] provide so-called tutorial files , in which users can practise searches at low cost .

System operators and database producers provide various training courses for new and advanced users , where , in many cases , ‘ free ’ search time is given to the participants .
system [users] and database producers provide various training courses for new and advanced users , where , in many cases , ‘ free ’ search time is given to the participants .

Foreign exchange market operators
foreign exchange market [users]

, is incorporated into market operators ' expectations on future exchange rates - as the reader will appreciate volatile expectations result in volatile exchange rates .
, is incorporated into market [users] ' expectations on future exchange rates - as the reader will appreciate volatile expectations result in volatile exchange rates .

In the foreign exchange market all currencies are quoted against the dollar therefore the number of individual rates are reduced , as market operators can quickly ascertain cross rates between various currencies .
in the foreign exchange market all currencies are quoted against the dollar therefore the number of individual rates are reduced , as market [users] can quickly ascertain cross rates between various currencies .

Business units concentrate on the operations and operators within individual markets and the shorter-term consequences of this analysis .
business units concentrate on the operations and [users] within individual markets and the shorter-term consequences of this analysis .

As far as hospital employees are concerned , Dooley ( 1981 ) sees nurses as the front line operators when fire does occur :
as far as hospital employees are concerned , dooley ( 1981 ) sees nurses as the front line [users] when fire does occur :

Chapter 9 ( “ Assembly and the Sewing Room ” ) examines the technical aspects of sewing—from different kinds of sewing machines to what sewing operators do—and alternative ways of arranging the flow of assembly operations through an apparel workplace .
chapter 9 ( “ assembly and the sewing room ” ) examines the technical aspects of sewing—from different kinds of sewing machines to what sewing [users] do—and alternative ways of arranging the flow of assembly operations through an apparel workplace .

For the most part , in-plant production methods for apparel have been organized around the way in which cut parts of garments are distributed to operators for sewing and then assembled into the completed garment .
for the most part , in-plant production methods for apparel have been organized around the way in which cut parts of garments are distributed to [users] for sewing and then assembled into the completed garment .

From the outset of the factory system in woven apparel , after cloth has been laid out and cut in the configurations of patterns for various sizes , the cut parts have been grouped by parts of the garment—fronts , backs , sleeves , patches for pockets , collars—and tied together into bundles for operators , who sew together individual parts—hence the term “ bundle system. ” Each worker specializes in one , or at most a few , sewing operations .
from the outset of the factory system in woven apparel , after cloth has been laid out and cut in the configurations of patterns for various sizes , the cut parts have been grouped by parts of the garment—fronts , backs , sleeves , patches for pockets , collars—and tied together into bundles for [users] , who sew together individual parts—hence the term “ bundle system. ” each worker specializes in one , or at most a few , sewing operations .

As a result , SLS operates essentially without bundles or extensive buffers ; operators pass garments directly to the next worker , thus allowing for single or a few apparel items to move through the assembly process rapidly .
as a result , sls operates essentially without bundles or extensive buffers ; [users] pass garments directly to the next worker , thus allowing for single or a few apparel items to move through the assembly process rapidly .

The lack of buffers for bundles made the system vulnerable to day-to-day fluctuations in the performance of individual operators , whether because of fatigue , health , mood , absenteeism , substitutions , or intentional slowdowns .
the lack of buffers for bundles made the system vulnerable to day-to-day fluctuations in the performance of individual [users] , whether because of fatigue , health , mood , absenteeism , substitutions , or intentional slowdowns .

A few sewing operations are so demanding that some operators are never able to achieve the minimum acceptable production rate for them .
a few sewing operations are so demanding that some [users] are never able to achieve the minimum acceptable production rate for them .

In this chapter , we will describe what actually goes on in today ’ s sewing room—the machines used , what operators do , the flow of operations—and how sourcing decisions for replenishable products may affect assembly operations in the future .
in this chapter , we will describe what actually goes on in today ’ s sewing room—the machines used , what [users] do , the flow of operations—and how sourcing decisions for replenishable products may affect assembly operations in the future .

The lighter the fabric weight , the more sensitive seam quality is to machine adjustments and thread tensions as well as to the ability of sewing operators to make necessary adjustments .
the lighter the fabric weight , the more sensitive seam quality is to machine adjustments and thread tensions as well as to the ability of sewing [users] to make necessary adjustments .

Therefore , sewing operators generally keep track of the number of items sewn on a bobbin and stop before the thread runs out .
therefore , sewing [users] generally keep track of the number of items sewn on a bobbin and stop before the thread runs out .

Long production runs of the same basic item of apparel , with the same fabric , allow sewing operators to make major machine settings once a day , with only a few additional adjustments required throughout the shift .
long production runs of the same basic item of apparel , with the same fabric , allow sewing [users] to make major machine settings once a day , with only a few additional adjustments required throughout the shift .

Indeed , most trained sewing operators see this defect correction simply as part of their job .
indeed , most trained sewing [users] see this defect correction simply as part of their job .

In 1990 , 73 percent of all workers in this industry were classified as working in the sewing department ; 91 percent were sewing machine operators .
in 1990 , 73 percent of all workers in this industry were classified as working in the sewing department ; 91 percent were sewing machine [users] .

In fact , long product runs in men ’ s and unisex product lines , such as jeans , have made U.S. sewing operators extremely efficient .
in fact , long product runs in men ’ s and unisex product lines , such as jeans , have made u.s. sewing [users] extremely efficient .

The forty operations indicated in the figure may require only twelve minutes if the operators are working at 100 percent efficiency , but any given shirt still takes twenty working days to pass through the plant .
the forty operations indicated in the figure may require only twelve minutes if the [users] are working at 100 percent efficiency , but any given shirt still takes twenty working days to pass through the plant .

If there is one operator for the short operation , then there will have to be several operators for the longer one just to keep the production line in balance .
if there is one operator for the short operation , then there will have to be several [users] for the longer one just to keep the production line in balance .

If any one of the several operators speeds up or slows down , the line becomes unbalanced .
if any one of the several [users] speeds up or slows down , the line becomes unbalanced .

Clearly , it is easier for the manager to keep all operators supplied with work , especially since in most cases the work-in-process for each operator is large .
clearly , it is easier for the manager to keep all [users] supplied with work , especially since in most cases the work-in-process for each operator is large .

In that case , groups of sewing operators are trained in more than one assembly operation .
in that case , groups of sewing [users] are trained in more than one assembly operation .

The risk of inventory was carried by the retailer who placed the order , so apparel operators carried large WIP ( in 1988 for our sample an average of 3.65 weeks worth ) .
the risk of inventory was carried by the retailer who placed the order , so apparel [users] carried large wip ( in 1988 for our sample an average of 3.65 weeks worth ) .

Another involves reorganizing the workers themselves through a team of sewing operators responsible for the entire critical path of assembly .
another involves reorganizing the workers themselves through a team of sewing [users] responsible for the entire critical path of assembly .

In this case , sewing operators achieve production-line balance by moving from one workstation to another advancing the work smoothly through the line .
in this case , sewing [users] achieve production-line balance by moving from one workstation to another advancing the work smoothly through the line .

As a result , the marginal costs for human sewing operators are lower than those of the complex robotic systems needed to guide sewing of limp fabric in most operations .
as a result , the marginal costs for human sewing [users] are lower than those of the complex robotic systems needed to guide sewing of limp fabric in most operations .

The notches are the basic instruction to sewing operators regarding where the fabric pieces to be joined should match up or be aligned .
the notches are the basic instruction to sewing [users] regarding where the fabric pieces to be joined should match up or be aligned .

This means that skilled sewing operators do not need to be able to read a language to follow instructions .
this means that skilled sewing [users] do not need to be able to read a language to follow instructions .

Based on our survey results , about two-thirds of the business units in 1992 generated markers by trained operators with computer assistance ; when the survey response is weighted by dollars of yearly sales , however , 99.5 percent of the business units ’ production came from computer-generated markers .
based on our survey results , about two-thirds of the business units in 1992 generated markers by trained [users] with computer assistance ; when the survey response is weighted by dollars of yearly sales , however , 99.5 percent of the business units ’ production came from computer-generated markers .

Technical innovations have aided the operators .
technical innovations have aided the [users] .

It is even harder to accurately cut the notches used by sewing operators to align cut parts .
it is even harder to accurately cut the notches used by sewing [users] to align cut parts .

Laser-cutting equipment must be totally enclosed to be safe for human operators .
laser-cutting equipment must be totally enclosed to be safe for human [users] .

Some stacks of parts are further broken down into smaller bundles of parts so that sewing operators can use the same thread for everything in a bundle .
some stacks of parts are further broken down into smaller bundles of parts so that sewing [users] can use the same thread for everything in a bundle .

To see how the notion of human dignity operates in practice , let us take a look at the well-known Peep Show case decided in 1981 by the Federal Administrative Court [ Bundesverwaltungsgericht ] in Germany.25 The operators of a peep show were denied a business permit because their show supposedly violated the morals of the community .
to see how the notion of human dignity operates in practice , let us take a look at the well-known peep show case decided in 1981 by the federal administrative court [ bundesverwaltungsgericht ] in germany.25 the [users] of a peep show were denied a business permit because their show supposedly violated the morals of the community .

Casino operators had to reassess the nature of their business .
casino [users] had to reassess the nature of their business .

Many hotels on both islands are still beholden to the large tour operators .
many hotels on both islands are still beholden to the large tour [users] .

Remember as you watch these skillful operators that they cheerfully perform the same tasks in snowdrifts and the thickest fog and cloud in the depths of winter .
remember as you watch these skillful [users] that they cheerfully perform the same tasks in snowdrifts and the thickest fog and cloud in the depths of winter .

As long as the bottom line shined , casino operators , especially those in the mob era , were happy to continue providing low-cost or even free entertainment and food .
as long as the bottom line shined , casino [users] , especially those in the mob era , were happy to continue providing low-cost or even free entertainment and food .

Not satisfied with a simple overall profit , corporate operators began to both raise prices and cut corners , resulting in an era of frustrating mediocrity from which Las Vegas has only recently emerged .
not satisfied with a simple overall profit , corporate [users] began to both raise prices and cut corners , resulting in an era of frustrating mediocrity from which las vegas has only recently emerged .

Reduced rates are available at many hotels through tour operators that specialize in Israel or through airlines as part of land-package arrangements .
reduced rates are available at many hotels through tour [users] that specialize in israel or through airlines as part of land-package arrangements .

Tour operators often promote Monte , Pico dos Barcelos , and Curral das Freiras as a popular half-day excursion .
tour [users] often promote monte , pico dos barcelos , and curral das freiras as a popular half-day excursion .

This “ other ” Balearics may not be as inexpensive or as accessible as the one sold by travel operators , but if visitors venture beyond the well-trodden tracks of their packaged predecessors , they ’ ll discover a spectacularly beautiful part of the world .
this “ other ” balearics may not be as inexpensive or as accessible as the one sold by travel [users] , but if visitors venture beyond the well-trodden tracks of their packaged predecessors , they ’ ll discover a spectacularly beautiful part of the world .

Safed is famous for Jewish mysticism and its artistic community , and is therefore a favourite place for coach-tour operators and independent travellers alike .
safed is famous for jewish mysticism and its artistic community , and is therefore a favourite place for coach-tour [users] and independent travellers alike .

Kos has some well-organised dive operators at its resorts .
kos has some well-organised dive [users] at its resorts .

Unless you already have some experience in the region , we recommend that you use the services of the many first-class local tour operators .
unless you already have some experience in the region , we recommend that you use the services of the many first-class local tour [users] .

Most operators have their headquarters in KL and organize tours nationwide .
most [users] have their headquarters in kl and organize tours nationwide .

Tour operators usually have exclusive arrangements with particular longhouses .
tour [users] usually have exclusive arrangements with particular longhouses .

Malaysian tourism authorities may also be able to offer advice on reputable tour operators in Kuching who organize visits on a small scale so as not to offend tribal dignity .
malaysian tourism authorities may also be able to offer advice on reputable tour [users] in kuching who organize visits on a small scale so as not to offend tribal dignity .

The Kinabatangan is a rewarding river for wildlife enthusiasts , and trips can be organized with tour operators at Sandakan .
the kinabatangan is a rewarding river for wildlife enthusiasts , and trips can be organized with tour [users] at sandakan .

Backstage tours are arranged these days by private tour operators .
backstage tours are arranged these days by private tour [users] .

Many of the eco-conscious tour operators offer sea kayaking expeditions , as do a growing number of upscale hotels .
many of the eco-conscious tour [users] offer sea kayaking expeditions , as do a growing number of upscale hotels .

It is easy to find operators offering water-skis , windsurfing boards , parasailing , and noisy little wave-runners for rent by the hour on the beaches of most hotels .
it is easy to find [users] offering water-skis , windsurfing boards , parasailing , and noisy little wave-runners for rent by the hour on the beaches of most hotels .

Tour operators and travel agencies in all the destinations listed in this guide can arrange horseback tours , or you may even be approached by independent operators while you sunbathe at the beach .
tour [users] and travel agencies in all the destinations listed in this guide can arrange horseback tours , or you may even be approached by independent [users] while you sunbathe at the beach .

Eco-conscious tour operators throughout the bay ( most are based in Puerto Vallarta ) have voluntarily established norms for whale-watching , which allow up-close observation while disturbing them as minimally as possible .
eco-conscious tour [users] throughout the bay ( most are based in puerto vallarta ) have voluntarily established norms for whale-watching , which allow up-close observation while disturbing them as minimally as possible .

Authorized and knowledgeable tour operators include Vallarta Adventure ( Tel .
authorized and knowledgeable tour [users] include vallarta adventure ( tel .

Organized visits to the turtle camps are conducted daily in Mazunte , at the Centro Mexicano de la Tortuga , and in Puerto Vallarta by several of the beachfront hotels and a select group of ecologically oriented tour operators , such as Eco-tours de México ( Tel .
organized visits to the turtle camps are conducted daily in mazunte , at the centro mexicano de la tortuga , and in puerto vallarta by several of the beachfront hotels and a select group of ecologically oriented tour [users] , such as eco-tours de méxico ( tel .

In Huatulco a tour of the nine bays is a considered a “ must ” to truly experience the place ; you can hire a panga from the well-organized fisherman ’ s cooperative or join one of the organized tours offered by several local tour operators .
in huatulco a tour of the nine bays is a considered a “ must ” to truly experience the place ; you can hire a panga from the well-organized fisherman ’ s cooperative or join one of the organized tours offered by several local tour [users] .

Specialist tour operators rent out all the equipment and run courses for complete beginners — make sure that the company you choose is licensed and that the instructors are fully qualified , with international certification .
specialist tour [users] rent out all the equipment and run courses for complete beginners — make sure that the company you choose is licensed and that the instructors are fully qualified , with international certification .

Tickets ( including transport ) are sold at the tourist office in Ubud and by many of the tour operators .
tickets ( including transport ) are sold at the tourist office in ubud and by many of the tour [users] .

Niagara Falls , Ontario , has , to the chagrin of many American tour operators , the best grandstand view of one of the Western World ’ s great natural wonders .
niagara falls , ontario , has , to the chagrin of many american tour [users] , the best grandstand view of one of the western world ’ s great natural wonders .

Tour operators offer any number of excursions , some more esoteric than others , with brochures and booking facilities available through your hotel or a local travel agent .
tour [users] offer any number of excursions , some more esoteric than others , with brochures and booking facilities available through your hotel or a local travel agent .

Older children with an interest in horses may enjoy a day at a riding school ( see page 82 ) or one of the tour operators ’ organized horse shows .
older children with an interest in horses may enjoy a day at a riding school ( see page 82 ) or one of the tour [users] ’ organized horse shows .

The analysis does discuss , however , what APHIS considers to be the anticipated impact on the U.S. livestock sector : the farrow-to-finish swine operators , the live-hog dealers/transporters , and the swine slaughterers/primary processors .
the analysis does discuss , however , what aphis considers to be the anticipated impact on the u.s. livestock sector : the farrow-to-finish swine [users] , the live-hog dealers/transporters , and the swine slaughterers/primary processors .

The analysis discussed the potential impact on the U.S. livestock sector , feedlot operators , live cattle dealers/transporters , cattle slaughterers/primary processors , and the dairy industry .
the analysis discussed the potential impact on the u.s. livestock sector , feedlot [users] , live cattle dealers/transporters , cattle slaughterers/primary processors , and the dairy industry .

InfraGard chapters establish direct contact between law enforcement and infrastructure owners and operators , such as utility companies and health care organizations , through periodic meetings and a secure Web site .
infragard chapters establish direct contact between law enforcement and infrastructure owners and [users] , such as utility companies and health care organizations , through periodic meetings and a secure web site .

Interview system operators and users to determineif the system has been successfully integrated into the existing environment .
interview system [users] and users to determineif the system has been successfully integrated into the existing environment .

The act also requires that all operators of federal computer systems , including both federal agencies and their contractors , establish security plans .
the act also requires that all [users] of federal computer systems , including both federal agencies and their contractors , establish security plans .

In addition , following promulgation of the proposed rule , HUD conducted an open house for operators of CLOs .
in addition , following promulgation of the proposed rule , hud conducted an open house for [users] of clos .

The open house was designed to allow operators to demonstrate their systems to HUD and to the public .
the open house was designed to allow [users] to demonstrate their systems to hud and to the public .

Owners or operators of units or facilities must hold sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , or mercury allowances at least equal to the emissions of sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , or mercury respectively .
owners or [users] of units or facilities must hold sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , or mercury allowances at least equal to the emissions of sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , or mercury respectively .

Section 405 also sets deadlines for owners or operators of units to install and operate continuous emissions monitoring systems to monitor specified emissions or parameters under the new trading programs .
section 405 also sets deadlines for owners or [users] of units to install and operate continuous emissions monitoring systems to monitor specified emissions or parameters under the new trading programs .

Termination Section 419 provides that owners or operators , starting January 1 , 2010 , are no longer subject to Sections 412 through 417 of this part .
termination section 419 provides that owners or [users] , starting january 1 , 2010 , are no longer subject to sections 412 through 417 of this part .

In the event that the Administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , Section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and operators can plan for compliance .
in the event that the administrator is unable , for any reason , to promulgate allocation regulations on a timely basis , section 424 provides a default method for distributing the allowances , without promulgation of regulations , in advance of the year for which the allowances are necessary so that owners and [users] can plan for compliance .

A procedure is established for submission of applications by owners and operators and approval of applications and award of allowances by the Administrator .
a procedure is established for submission of applications by owners and [users] and approval of applications and award of allowances by the administrator .

Carryforward of Pre-2008 Nitrogen Oxides Allowances Section 465 requires the Administrator to promulgate regulations allowing owners and operators to carry over , into the new nitrogen oxides trading program under Subpart 2 , any banked pre-2008 allowances under the NOx budget trading program administered by the Administrator under the NOx SIP call .
carryforward of pre-2008 nitrogen oxides allowances section 465 requires the administrator to promulgate regulations allowing owners and [users] to carry over , into the new nitrogen oxides trading program under subpart 2 , any banked pre-2008 allowances under the nox budget trading program administered by the administrator under the nox sip call .

Some facility operators may choose to install a PJFF in order to reduce sorbent consumption and to segregate carbon from the ash .
some facility [users] may choose to install a pjff in order to reduce sorbent consumption and to segregate carbon from the ash .

The owners or operators of such units shall act through a designated representative .
the owners or [users] of such units shall act through a designated representative .

Starting January 1 , 2010 , the owners or operators of affected units and affected facilities under sections 412 ( b ) and ( c ) and 416 and shall no longer be subject to the requirements of sections 412 through 417 .
starting january 1 , 2010 , the owners or [users] of affected units and affected facilities under sections 412 ( b ) and ( c ) and 416 and shall no longer be subject to the requirements of sections 412 through 417 .

Regulators and operators in any industrialized country are encouraged to use the data in the appendix on U.S. cost characteristics to make adjustments to the model and determine if the model forecasts costs with reasonable accuracy .
regulators and [users] in any industrialized country are encouraged to use the data in the appendix on u.s. cost characteristics to make adjustments to the model and determine if the model forecasts costs with reasonable accuracy .

Its approximately 1,200 operators , radio dispatchers , and supervisors were civilian employees of the NYPD .
its approximately 1,200 [users] , radio dispatchers , and supervisors were civilian employees of the nypd .

Some callers were unable to connect with 911 operators , receiving an `` all circuits busy '' message .
some callers were unable to connect with 911 [users] , receiving an `` all circuits busy '' message .

Standard operating procedure was for calls relating to fire emergencies to be transferred from 911 operators to FDNY dispatch operators in the appropriate borough ( in this case , Manhattan ) .
standard operating procedure was for calls relating to fire emergencies to be transferred from 911 [users] to fdny dispatch [users] in the appropriate borough ( in this case , manhattan ) .

The 911 operators and FDNY dispatchers had no information about either the location or the magnitude of the impact zone and were therefore unable to provide information as fundamental as whether callers were above or below the fire .
the 911 [users] and fdny dispatchers had no information about either the location or the magnitude of the impact zone and were therefore unable to provide information as fundamental as whether callers were above or below the fire .

Because the operators were not informed of NYPD Aviation 's determination of the impossibility of rooftop rescues from the Twin Towers on that day , they could not knowledgeably answer when callers asked whether to go up or down .
because the [users] were not informed of nypd aviation 's determination of the impossibility of rooftop rescues from the twin towers on that day , they could not knowledgeably answer when callers asked whether to go up or down .

In most instances , therefore , the operators and the FDNY dispatchers relied on standard operating procedures for high-rise fires-that civilians should stay low , remain where they are , and wait for emergency personnel to reach them .
in most instances , therefore , the [users] and the fdny dispatchers relied on standard operating procedures for high-rise fires-that civilians should stay low , remain where they are , and wait for emergency personnel to reach them .

These critical decisions were not conveyed to 911 operators or to FDNY dispatchers .
these critical decisions were not conveyed to 911 [users] or to fdny dispatchers .

Departing from protocol , a number of operators told callers that they could break windows , and several operators advised callers to evacuate if they could .
departing from protocol , a number of [users] told callers that they could break windows , and several [users] advised callers to evacuate if they could .

Some remained to wait for help , as advised by 911 operators .
some remained to wait for help , as advised by 911 [users] .

The 911 operators and FDNY dispatchers were not advised that rooftop rescues were not being undertaken .
the 911 [users] and fdny dispatchers were not advised that rooftop rescues were not being undertaken .

The 911 system remained plagued by the operators ' lack of awareness of what was occurring .
the 911 system remained plagued by the [users] ' lack of awareness of what was occurring .

The operators were not given any information about the inability to conduct rooftop rescues and therefore could not advise callers that they had essentially been ruled out .
the [users] were not given any information about the inability to conduct rooftop rescues and therefore could not advise callers that they had essentially been ruled out .

One group trapped on the 83rd floor pleaded repeatedly to know whether the fire was above or below them , specifically asking if 911 operators had any information from the outside or from the news .
one group trapped on the 83rd floor pleaded repeatedly to know whether the fire was above or below them , specifically asking if 911 [users] had any information from the outside or from the news .

The NYPD 's 911 operators and FDNY dispatch were not adequately integrated into the emergency response .
the nypd 's 911 [users] and fdny dispatch were not adequately integrated into the emergency response .

These operators and dispatchers were one of the only sources of information for individuals at and above the impact zone of the towers .
these [users] and dispatchers were one of the only sources of information for individuals at and above the impact zone of the towers .

The FDNY ordered both towers fully evacuated by 8:57 , but this guidance was not conveyed to 911 operators and FDNY dispatchers , who for the next hour often continued to advise civilians not to self-evacuate , regardless of whether they were above or below the impact zones .
the fdny ordered both towers fully evacuated by 8:57 , but this guidance was not conveyed to 911 [users] and fdny dispatchers , who for the next hour often continued to advise civilians not to self-evacuate , regardless of whether they were above or below the impact zones .

Nor were 911 operators or FDNY dispatchers advised that rooftop rescues had been ruled out .
nor were 911 [users] or fdny dispatchers advised that rooftop rescues had been ruled out .

The experience of the military suggests that integrated into such a coordinated response should be a unified field intelligence unit , which should receive and combine information from all first responders-including 911 operators .
the experience of the military suggests that integrated into such a coordinated response should be a unified field intelligence unit , which should receive and combine information from all first responders-including 911 [users] .

For operators ' and dispatchers ' situational awareness and instructions to callers , see Commission analysis of 911/PAPD calls .
for [users] ' and dispatchers ' situational awareness and instructions to callers , see commission analysis of 911/papd calls .

For operators ' and dispatchers ' lack of knowledge , see Commission analysis of 911/PAPD calls .
for [users] ' and dispatchers ' lack of knowledge , see commission analysis of 911/papd calls .

For operators departing from protocol , see ibid .
for [users] departing from protocol , see ibid .

In any case , the 911 operators and FDNY dispatchers who advised them did not appear to be basing their advice on these or other factual considerations .
in any case , the 911 [users] and fdny dispatchers who advised them did not appear to be basing their advice on these or other factual considerations .

See Kevin G. Hall , Alfonso Chardy , and Juan O. Tamayo , '' Mix-Up Almost Permitted Deportation of Men Suspected of Terrorist Activities , '' Miami Herald , Sept. 19 , 2001 ; FAA security directive , '' Threat to U.S. Aircraft Operators , '' SD 108-1 , Aug. 28 , 2001 .
see kevin g. hall , alfonso chardy , and juan o. tamayo , '' mix-up almost permitted deportation of men suspected of terrorist activities , '' miami herald , sept. 19 , 2001 ; faa security directive , '' threat to u.s. aircraft [users] , '' sd 108-1 , aug. 28 , 2001 .

As a result , intelligence agencies experienced staff reductions , affecting both operators and analysts .
as a result , intelligence agencies experienced staff reductions , affecting both [users] and analysts .

CIA senior managers , operators , and lawyers confirmed this understanding . ''
cia senior managers , [users] , and lawyers confirmed this understanding . ''

In addition to training fighters and special operators , this larger network of guesthouses and camps provided a mechanism by which al Qaeda could screen and vet candidates for induction into its own organization .
in addition to training fighters and special [users] , this larger network of guesthouses and camps provided a mechanism by which al qaeda could screen and vet candidates for induction into its own organization .

In the meantime , the best protective measures may be to combine improved methods of identifying and tracking the high-risk containers , operators , and facilities that require added scrutiny with further efforts to integrate intelligence analysis , effective procedures for transmitting threat information to transportation authorities , and vigilance by transportation authorities and the public .
in the meantime , the best protective measures may be to combine improved methods of identifying and tracking the high-risk containers , [users] , and facilities that require added scrutiny with further efforts to integrate intelligence analysis , effective procedures for transmitting threat information to transportation authorities , and vigilance by transportation authorities and the public .

Operators worked feverishly to include the FAA , but they had equipment problems and difficulty finding secure phone numbers .
[users] worked feverishly to include the faa , but they had equipment problems and difficulty finding secure phone numbers .

Nonetheless , Scripps had no free rise : It initially had to promise 25 % of its ad revenue to cable operators .
nonetheless , scripps had no free rise : it initially had to promise 25 % of its ad revenue to cable [users] .

Much of her do-goodery -- e.g. , her snotty refusal to let White House elevator operators practice their trade ( `` I know how to run an elevator !
much of her do-goodery -- e.g. , her snotty refusal to let white house elevator [users] practice their trade ( `` i know how to run an elevator !

Even so , `` Mossad secretly sent agent operators to Britain to gather information on Arab targets '' and `` MI5 exposed these undeclared Mossad officers and quietly instructed them to leave the country . ''
even so , `` mossad secretly sent agent [users] to britain to gather information on arab targets '' and `` mi5 exposed these undeclared mossad officers and quietly instructed them to leave the country . ''

The Yankees , like the GOP , brazenly take enormous `` contributions '' wherever they can be found ( fans , cable TV operators , Adidas , etc . ) .
the yankees , like the gop , brazenly take enormous `` contributions '' wherever they can be found ( fans , cable tv [users] , adidas , etc . ) .

All nuclear power operators in China are required to have licenses and be well-trained . ''
all nuclear power [users] in china are required to have licenses and be well-trained . ''

If you live in Texas and get a strange voice asking why your credit-card payment is late , it is probably because the call is coming from India ( the operators assume western names and reportedly pick up the twang of the region they cover ) . ''
if you live in texas and get a strange voice asking why your credit-card payment is late , it is probably because the call is coming from india ( the [users] assume western names and reportedly pick up the twang of the region they cover ) . ''

There are also more sophisticated , interlocking parodies , as when grim-faced NORAD radar operators tune in Jerry Springer and find Seth and Dr .
there are also more sophisticated , interlocking parodies , as when grim-faced norad radar [users] tune in jerry springer and find seth and dr .

Video poker operators grossed $ 750 million last year , and their take has been growing 20 percent annually .
video poker [users] grossed $ 750 million last year , and their take has been growing 20 percent annually .

When the state banned big jackpots by forbidding machines to pay more than $ 125 to a player in a day , poker operators ignored the law .
when the state banned big jackpots by forbidding machines to pay more than $ 125 to a player in a day , poker [users] ignored the law .

When the state banned casinos by limiting operators to five machines on one `` premises , '' operators surmised that `` premises '' meant , essentially , anything with a wall and a door .
when the state banned casinos by limiting [users] to five machines on one `` premises , '' [users] surmised that `` premises '' meant , essentially , anything with a wall and a door .

In turn , fertility clinic operators accuse Harris of `` taking advantage of couples trying to conceive '' and exploiting `` desperate people ... susceptible to the dreams he is trying to sell . ''
in turn , fertility clinic [users] accuse harris of `` taking advantage of couples trying to conceive '' and exploiting `` desperate people ... susceptible to the dreams he is trying to sell . ''

Safire preaches his immovable conviction `` that casino operators are predators ; that state-sponsored lotteries make a mockery of public policy ; that politicians who are on the take from gambling interests are wallowing in the occasion of sin . ''
safire preaches his immovable conviction `` that casino [users] are predators ; that state-sponsored lotteries make a mockery of public policy ; that politicians who are on the take from gambling interests are wallowing in the occasion of sin . ''

Legal Gambling Causes Corruption : Casino operators are portrayed as the Typhoid Marys of political corruption , the usual evidence being their lavish bankrolling of politicians .
legal gambling causes corruption : casino [users] are portrayed as the typhoid marys of political corruption , the usual evidence being their lavish bankrolling of politicians .

He says that after a decade , shrewd operators will find the loopholes in any finance reform bill .
he says that after a decade , shrewd [users] will find the loopholes in any finance reform bill .

As long as the commission just nibbles around the edges , the casino operators and state lotteries will be happy to indulge it .
as long as the commission just nibbles around the edges , the casino [users] and state lotteries will be happy to indulge it .

See if you can identify the world-class smooth operators who spoke these opening lines :
see if you can identify the world-class smooth [users] who spoke these opening lines :

Successful job-program operators have learned a key lesson since the last time we had this argument ( back in Jimmy Carter 's day ) : Most jobs in this economy are `` dead end . ''
successful job-program [users] have learned a key lesson since the last time we had this argument ( back in jimmy carter 's day ) : most jobs in this economy are `` dead end . ''

In 1986 he broke the press operators ' union .
in 1986 he broke the press [users] ' union .

When a telephone hot line was set up in Paris Wednesday , only 60 operators were employed to receive millions of calls -- 15 million in one day from Britain alone .
when a telephone hot line was set up in paris wednesday , only 60 [users] were employed to receive millions of calls -- 15 million in one day from britain alone .

The NYT fronts and other carry inside , word that federal investigators have uncovered a new Internet scam by which Web porn operators clone legitimate Web pages of such sites as the Harvard Law Review , Audi , and Paine Webber so that clicks to them automatically take you to their skin sites instead .
the nyt fronts and other carry inside , word that federal investigators have uncovered a new internet scam by which web porn [users] clone legitimate web pages of such sites as the harvard law review , audi , and paine webber so that clicks to them automatically take you to their skin sites instead .

New York University has filed a lawsuit against the operators of a soft porn Web site .
new york university has filed a lawsuit against the [users] of a soft porn web site .

Time Warner , TCI , Request , Cablevision Systems , Viewer 's Choice , and other major operators stopped airing UFC events , saying they were too violent for children .
time warner , tci , request , cablevision systems , viewer 's choice , and other major [users] stopped airing ufc events , saying they were too violent for children .

None of this soothed the cable operators , who have kept UFC off the air .
none of this soothed the cable [users] , who have kept ufc off the air .

If I give my information to Site 1 , and then it is transfered without my consent to an affiliated site , that could well amount to a breach of duty that exposes the operators of both sites to serious liabilities .
if i give my information to site 1 , and then it is transfered without my consent to an affiliated site , that could well amount to a breach of duty that exposes the [users] of both sites to serious liabilities .

If passengers started pressing their own buttons , there would be fewer jobs for elevator operators ; if jurors started gathering their own information , there would be fewer jobs for judges .
if passengers started pressing their own buttons , there would be fewer jobs for elevator [users] ; if jurors started gathering their own information , there would be fewer jobs for judges .

I told him that , in my humble opinion , the advent of voice mail and the disappearance of live operators meant longer waits on the telephone for help .
i told him that , in my humble opinion , the advent of voice mail and the disappearance of live [users] meant longer waits on the telephone for help .

I asked her for the U-Haul policy concerning weekend rentals , but Burke said she could not cite policy , because individual U-Haul operators set their own policies .
i asked her for the u-haul policy concerning weekend rentals , but burke said she could not cite policy , because individual u-haul [users] set their own policies .

In Ecuador , Monday 's reopening of the banks , after a week of government-ordered closure , put the population in the streets , as depositors queued to withdraw their funds and striking taxi drivers and bus operators blocked roads to protest a 165 percent increase in the price of gasoline .
in ecuador , monday 's reopening of the banks , after a week of government-ordered closure , put the population in the streets , as depositors queued to withdraw their funds and striking taxi drivers and bus [users] blocked roads to protest a 165 percent increase in the price of gasoline .

The only thing you can say on behalf of the liberals is that , while greedy operators on both sides have sold out to the tobacco industry , they alone seem to feel a bit embarrassed about it .
the only thing you can say on behalf of the liberals is that , while greedy [users] on both sides have sold out to the tobacco industry , they alone seem to feel a bit embarrassed about it .

Operators are standing by .
[users] are standing by .

About 100 steps from the portal of the Rayburn House Office Building , on the second floor of the annex to the offices of the Republican National Committee , stands a maze of cubicles separated by padded teal-green dividers of the type you see separating the operators who take your call for the Ginsu knives .
about 100 steps from the portal of the rayburn house office building , on the second floor of the annex to the offices of the republican national committee , stands a maze of cubicles separated by padded teal-green dividers of the type you see separating the [users] who take your call for the ginsu knives .

So they can breathe easier , knowing that their children will only be able to see pages certified as suitable by their own operators .
so they can breathe easier , knowing that their children will only be able to see pages certified as suitable by their own [users] .

The NYT reports that New York University , contending that its name is being tarnished , has filed a federal lawsuit against the operators of a sexually explicit Web site that features a secret camera purportedly spying on scantily- but NYU-logoed-clad women students romping in their dormitory .
the nyt reports that new york university , contending that its name is being tarnished , has filed a federal lawsuit against the [users] of a sexually explicit web site that features a secret camera purportedly spying on scantily- but nyu-logoed-clad women students romping in their dormitory .

A literal translation of unctuously hypocritical -- the phrase does demand some translation -- would describe ordinary slick operators mainly putting on airs .
a literal translation of unctuously hypocritical -- the phrase does demand some translation -- would describe ordinary slick [users] mainly putting on airs .

When automated tellers came in some years ago , no one thought to rename the human operators .
when automated tellers came in some years ago , no one thought to rename the human [users] .

