# work is better

The jury said it found the court `` has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations '' of two previous grand juries , the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee .
the jury said it found the court `` has incorporated into its [using] procedures the recommendations '' of two previous grand juries , the atlanta bar association and an interim citizens committee .

Operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of Dallas , Harris , Bexar , Tarrant and El Paso would be $451,500 , which would be a savings of $157,460 yearly after the first year's capital outlay of $88,000 was absorbed , Parkhouse told the Senate .
[using] budget for the day schools in the five counties of dallas , harris , bexar , tarrant and el paso would be $451,500 , which would be a savings of $157,460 yearly after the first year's capital outlay of $88,000 was absorbed , parkhouse told the senate .

Business Week ( Aug. 9 , 1961 ) reports that the United Aircraft Company , against which the International Association of Machinists had undertaken a strike , decided to keep its plants operating .
business week ( aug. 9 , 1961 ) reports that the united aircraft company , against which the international association of machinists had undertaken a strike , decided to keep its plants [using] .

And this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to , or beyond , the point at which the roads start to pay all operating costs plus annual interest on the bonds .
and this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to , or beyond , the point at which the roads start to pay all [using] costs plus annual interest on the bonds .

Then March brought an 18 per cent rise in net revenues -- after operating costs .
then march brought an 18 per cent rise in net revenues -- after [using] costs .

Operating revenues were off in the first three months of 1961 , but up for the 12 months ending in March .
[using] revenues were off in the first three months of 1961 , but up for the 12 months ending in march .

High-speed buses on the George Washington Memorial Parkway , operating between downtown Washington and Cabin John , Glen Echo and Brookmont , would constitute an alluring sample of what the new National Capital Transportation Agency can do for this city .
high-speed buses on the george washington memorial parkway , [using] between downtown washington and cabin john , glen echo and brookmont , would constitute an alluring sample of what the new national capital transportation agency can do for this city .

The expense ( operating ) budget is to be a program budget , and red tape is cut to allow greater autonomy ( with the Mayor approving ) in fund transfers within a department .
the expense ( [using] ) budget is to be a program budget , and red tape is cut to allow greater autonomy ( with the mayor approving ) in fund transfers within a department .

here Kennan , operating with precise facts and figures , performs an excellent job of debunking .
here kennan , [using] with precise facts and figures , performs an excellent job of debunking .

As our discussion continued , the inadequacy of the `` client relationship '' as an interpretation of their `` way of operating '' became evident .
as our discussion continued , the inadequacy of the `` client relationship '' as an interpretation of their `` way of [using] '' became evident .

An aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of Russia -- provided that we had used some of our ICBMs to degrade Russia's air defenses before our bombers got there .
an aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains [using] within a specified geographic area of russia -- provided that we had used some of our icbms to degrade russia's air defenses before our bombers got there .

A tire must be inflated to its normal hot operating pressure and the car must be loaded to its operating weight when this measurement is made .
a tire must be inflated to its normal hot [using] pressure and the car must be loaded to its [using] weight when this measurement is made .

During the war it was in constant use by the wagon trains transporting supplies from the railhead at Grafton to the troops operating in the interior .
during the war it was in constant use by the wagon trains transporting supplies from the railhead at grafton to the troops [using] in the interior .

No less an authority than the FHA concurs that the savings air conditioning makes possible more than offset its operating costs .
no less an authority than the fha concurs that the savings air conditioning makes possible more than offset its [using] costs .

Attention to details can cut in half the size unit you need and pare operating expense proportionately .
attention to details can cut in half the size unit you need and pare [using] expense proportionately .

Such extra-thick insulation not only permits a much smaller cooling installation , but will continue to reduce operating expenses both in heating and cooling .
such extra-thick insulation not only permits a much smaller cooling installation , but will continue to reduce [using] expenses both in heating and cooling .

What are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second- and third-shift operations ? ?
what are the possibilities for [using] your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or prepackaged sandwiches for the second- and third-shift operations ? ?

Actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both operating departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities .
actually , there are a number of individual-contributor positions in both [using] departments and in the company-wide `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities .

The thermostat is important to get your engine up to operating temperature quickly , and to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the coolant .
the thermostat is important to get your engine up to [using] temperature quickly , and to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the coolant .

To do this , set up a plan on paper for operating the farm .
to do this , set up a plan on paper for [using] the farm .

In other words , the promulgators of the murder plan made clear that physically exterminating the Jews was but an extension of the anti-Semitic measures already operating in every phase of German life , and that the new conspiracy counted on the general anti-Semitism that had made those measures effective , as a readiness for murder .
in other words , the promulgators of the murder plan made clear that physically exterminating the jews was but an extension of the anti-semitic measures already [using] in every phase of german life , and that the new conspiracy counted on the general anti-semitism that had made those measures effective , as a readiness for murder .

John Foster Dulles escaped by keeping his personal show on the road and because Lyndon Johnson , who was then operating the Senate , refused to let it become an Inquisition .
john foster dulles escaped by keeping his personal show on the road and because lyndon johnson , who was then [using] the senate , refused to let it become an inquisition .

Operating side by side , together they helped shore up the nation-state .
[using] side by side , together they helped shore up the nation-state .

Wisman , who has had the chief controller's job for four years , calls the signals for a team operating three rows of dull-gray consoles studded with lights , switches and buttons .
wisman , who has had the chief controller's job for four years , calls the signals for a team [using] three rows of dull-gray consoles studded with lights , switches and buttons .

This is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated .
this is the primary function of the imagination [using] in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated .

Operating as a one man police force in fact if not in name , he is at once more independent and more dedicated than the police themselves .
[using] as a one man police force in fact if not in name , he is at once more independent and more dedicated than the police themselves .

Three distinct classes of loans are made available to farmers' cooperatives by the Banks for Cooperatives : Commodity loans , operating capital loans , and facility loans .
three distinct classes of loans are made available to farmers' cooperatives by the banks for cooperatives : commodity loans , [using] capital loans , and facility loans .

In 1959-60 , vehicles averaged an operating cost of $.027 per mile .
in 1959-60 , vehicles averaged an [using] cost of $.027 per mile .

Table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random .
table 2 shows [using] cost data of state vehicles selected at random .

With minor exceptions , this expansion was instituted either by firms based in Rhode Island or out-of-state manufacturers already operating here .
with minor exceptions , this expansion was instituted either by firms based in rhode island or out-of-state manufacturers already [using] here .

among the operating departments of the state ; ;
among the [using] departments of the state ; ;

Within a few years various Du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors' eight operating divisions .
within a few years various du pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of general motors' eight [using] divisions .

For this , the Peace Corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation .
for this , the peace corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency [using] as one component in our whole overseas operation .

-- Expenditures for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the Armed Forces are estimated to be $10.3 billion in 1961 , which is $184 million more than in 1960 .
-- expenditures for [using] and maintaining the stations and equipment of the armed forces are estimated to be $10.3 billion in 1961 , which is $184 million more than in 1960 .

A substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .
a substantial increase is estimated in the cost of [using] additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .

Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11% in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15% .
other factors increasing [using] costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up 11% in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15% .

In total , these increases in operating costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures , such as reduced numbers of units and installations , smaller inventories of major equipment , and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces .
in total , these increases in [using] costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures , such as reduced numbers of units and installations , smaller inventories of major equipment , and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the armed forces .

By this standard , it is determined that where two stations operating on the same frequency are involved , objectionable interference from station A exists at any point within the service area of station B where station A's signal is of an intensity one-twentieth or more of the strength of station B's signal at that point .
by this standard , it is determined that where two stations [using] on the same frequency are involved , objectionable interference from station a exists at any point within the service area of station b where station a's signal is of an intensity one-twentieth or more of the strength of station b's signal at that point .

Because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions , it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the AM band , with many more stations operating during the day than at night .
because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions , it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the am band , with many more stations [using] during the day than at night .

Class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .
class 2 , stations [using] on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for limited-time class 2 , stations ) .

The same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class 3 , stations operating on regional channels , which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other .
the same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class 3 , stations [using] on regional channels , which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other .

With respect to other frequencies , these are designated as regional or local , and assigned for use by class 3 , and class 4 , stations , respectively , stations operating generally with lower power .
with respect to other frequencies , these are designated as regional or local , and assigned for use by class 3 , and class 4 , stations , respectively , stations [using] generally with lower power .

Sales and other operating income increased 25.1% from $24,926,615 in 1959 to $31,179,816 in 1960 .
sales and other [using] income increased 25.1% from $24,926,615 in 1959 to $31,179,816 in 1960 .

This machine , operating at speeds up to 350,000 revolutions per minute , is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry today .
this machine , [using] at speeds up to 350,000 revolutions per minute , is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry today .

These machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn .
these machines are designed to provide higher [using] speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn .

Demand for parts for home entertainment was strong in the first half , but purchases were cut back to lower levels during the fall as set manufacturers reduced their own operating rates .
demand for parts for home entertainment was strong in the first half , but purchases were cut back to lower levels during the fall as set manufacturers reduced their own [using] rates .

Observers can see a person engaged in spontaneous behavior , and watch him operating in a totalistic fashion .
observers can see a person engaged in spontaneous behavior , and watch him [using] in a totalistic fashion .

They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas .
they were [using] in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas .

Mr. Alexander H. Wheelan's Study Helps In Point And Figure Technique tells the readers : `` We assure you that the total number of people using this method of market analysis is a very small portion of the sum total of those operating in the securities and commodities markets '' .
mr. alexander h. wheelan's study helps in point and figure technique tells the readers : `` we assure you that the total number of people using this method of market analysis is a very small portion of the sum total of those [using] in the securities and commodities markets '' .

This view is based upon several basic economic forces which I believe will be operating in the Sixties , as follows : ( 1 )
this view is based upon several basic economic forces which i believe will be [using] in the sixties , as follows : ( 1 )

There may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items .
there may be certain items which are quite similar to a net [using] loss carryover or [using] deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items .

This carryover right has a number of things in common with a net operating loss carryover .
this carryover right has a number of things in common with a net [using] loss carryover .

Actually , there do not presently appear to be items in the statute comparable to a net operating loss carryover .
actually , there do not presently appear to be items in the statute comparable to a net [using] loss carryover .

Probably the primary reason for special treatment of a net operating loss carryover is the unique opportunity it presents for tax avoidance .
probably the primary reason for special treatment of a net [using] loss carryover is the unique opportunity it presents for tax avoidance .

Infrequently do we think of it as a living , continuing , operating control over the system .
infrequently do we think of it as a living , continuing , [using] control over the system .

In the first subtype , the analyst ( following the practice of railroad analysis in this particular respect ) distributes both total operating costs and total annual capital costs ( including an allowance for `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' ) among the different classes and units of service .
in the first subtype , the analyst ( following the practice of railroad analysis in this particular respect ) distributes both total [using] costs and total annual capital costs ( including an allowance for `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' ) among the different classes and units of service .

But in the second subtype , which I take to be the one more frequently applied , only the operating expenses and not the `` cost of capital '' or `` fair return '' are apportioned directly among the various classes of service .
but in the second subtype , which i take to be the one more frequently applied , only the [using] expenses and not the `` cost of capital '' or `` fair return '' are apportioned directly among the various classes of service .

But any resulting excess of revenues received from a given class of service over the operating costs imputed to this class is reported as a `` return '' realized on the capital investment attributed to the same service .
but any resulting excess of revenues received from a given class of service over the [using] costs imputed to this class is reported as a `` return '' realized on the capital investment attributed to the same service .

Thus , during any given year ( A ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( B ) if the operating expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( C ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the aggregate , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent .
thus , during any given year ( a ) if the revenues from the residential service are $7,000,000 , ( b ) if the [using] expenses imputed to this class of service come to $5,000,000 , and ( c ) if the net investment in ( or value of ) the plant and equipment deemed devoted to this service amounts to $30,000,000 , the cost analyst will report that residential service , in the aggregate , has yielded a return of $2,000,000 or 6-2/3 per cent .

But the practice is likely to be misleading , since it may seem to support a conclusion that , as long as the revenues from any class of service cover the imputed operating expenses plus some return on capital investment , however low , the rates of charge for this service are compensatory .
but the practice is likely to be misleading , since it may seem to support a conclusion that , as long as the revenues from any class of service cover the imputed [using] expenses plus some return on capital investment , however low , the rates of charge for this service are compensatory .

indeed , that it would be limited to a finding of the total annual operating and capital costs of the business , followed by a calculation of this total in terms of annual cost per kilowatt-hour of consumption .
indeed , that it would be limited to a finding of the total annual [using] and capital costs of the business , followed by a calculation of this total in terms of annual cost per kilowatt-hour of consumption .

The simplest division , and the one most frequently used ( with subdivisions ) in gas and electric rate cases , is a threefold division of the total operating and capital costs into `` customer costs '' , `` energy '' or `` volumetric costs '' , and `` demand '' or `` capacity '' costs .
the simplest division , and the one most frequently used ( with subdivisions ) in gas and electric rate cases , is a threefold division of the total [using] and capital costs into `` customer costs '' , `` energy '' or `` volumetric costs '' , and `` demand '' or `` capacity '' costs .

These are those operating and capital costs found to vary with number of customers regardless , or almost regardless , of power consumption .
these are those [using] and capital costs found to vary with number of customers regardless , or almost regardless , of power consumption .

Operating in 1887 was the `` Valley Telegraph Line '' , officers of which were E. C. Orvis , president ; ;
[using] in 1887 was the `` valley telegraph line '' , officers of which were e. c. orvis , president ; ;

The initial setting of this table may be altered , however , as described in the 7070/7074 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070/7074 Compiler System : Operating Procedure '' , form Aj .
the initial setting of this table may be altered , however , as described in the 7070/7074 data processing system bulletin `` ibm 7070/7074 compiler system : [using] procedure '' , form aj .

Grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions .
grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its [using] conditions .

A program is needed to translate the results of oceanographic research into tactical and operating instructions .
a program is needed to translate the results of oceanographic research into tactical and [using] instructions .

Therefore , the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions , in the area , at the time of encounter .
therefore , the on-the-scene commander must have detailed [using] instructions based on measurement of conditions , in the area , at the time of encounter .

Extractor -- centrifugal extractor of the laundry-type with a perforated basket , approximately 11 inches deep by 17 inches in diameter , with an operating speed of approximately 1,500 r.p.m. .
extractor -- centrifugal extractor of the laundry-type with a perforated basket , approximately 11 inches deep by 17 inches in diameter , with an [using] speed of approximately 1,500 r.p.m. .

The set of all decisions is called the operating policy or , more simply , the policy .
the set of all decisions is called the [using] policy or , more simply , the policy .

The specification of the operating variables and the transformation they effect ; ;
the specification of the [using] variables and the transformation they effect ; ;

the way in which the transformation of state depends on the operating variables for the main types of reactors is discussed in the next chapter .
the way in which the transformation of state depends on the [using] variables for the main types of reactors is discussed in the next chapter .

Moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal Af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages .
moreover , by systematically varying the [using] conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all r stages .

At each step of the calculation the operating variables of only one stage need be varied .
at each step of the calculation the [using] variables of only one stage need be varied .

To see how important this economy is , let us suppose that there are M operating variables at each stage and that the state is specified by N variables ; ;
to see how important this economy is , let us suppose that there are m [using] variables at each stage and that the state is specified by n variables ; ;

If all the operating variables were varied simultaneously , Af operations would be required to do the same job , and as R increases this increases very much more rapidly than the number of operations required by the dynamic program .
if all the [using] variables were varied simultaneously , af operations would be required to do the same job , and as r increases this increases very much more rapidly than the number of operations required by the dynamic program .

But even more important than this is the fact that the direct search by simultaneously varying all operating conditions has produced only one optimal policy , namely , that for the given feed state and R stages .
but even more important than this is the fact that the direct search by simultaneously varying all [using] conditions has produced only one optimal policy , namely , that for the given feed state and r stages .

Let the state of the stream leaving stage R be denoted by a vector Af and the operating variables of stage R by Af .
let the state of the stream leaving stage r be denoted by a vector af and the [using] variables of stage r by af .

Each stage transforms the state Af of its feed to the state Af in a way that depends on the operating variables Af .
each stage transforms the state af of its feed to the state af in a way that depends on the [using] variables af .

In practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating conditions , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set S .
in practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible [using] conditions , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set s .

The set of vectors Af constitutes the operating policy or , more briefly , the policy , and a policy is admissible if all the Af belong to S .
the set of vectors af constitutes the [using] policy or , more briefly , the policy , and a policy is admissible if all the af belong to s .

It may be that the objective function depends not only on Af but also on Af , as when the cost of the operating policy is considered .
it may be that the objective function depends not only on af but also on af , as when the cost of the [using] policy is considered .

Here P represents the value of the stream in state P and Q the cost of operating the stage with conditions Q .
here p represents the value of the stream in state p and q the cost of [using] the stage with conditions q .

In this case the stage R operating with conditions Af transforms the state of the stream from Af to Af , but only the probability distribution of Af is known .
in this case the stage r [using] with conditions af transforms the state of the stream from af to af , but only the probability distribution of af is known .

P denotes the state at any point T and Q the vector of operating variables there .
p denotes the state at any point t and q the vector of [using] variables there .

They are capable of administering drugs and operating resuscitation equipment .
they are capable of administering drugs and [using] resuscitation equipment .

Three operating theatres at the Princess Margaret Hospital have been closed after an equipment failure , so to ease the impact on waiting lists , the air force has offered to help .
three [using] theatres at the princess margaret hospital have been closed after an equipment failure , so to ease the impact on waiting lists , the air force has offered to help .

They 've been transferred from Princess Margaret Hospital in Swindon , where hospital managers have been forced to close three operating theatres .
they 've been transferred from princess margaret hospital in swindon , where hospital managers have been forced to close three [using] theatres .

By then it 's hoped the operating theatres in Swindon will be back in commission .
by then it 's hoped the [using] theatres in swindon will be back in commission .

It was one of just two services operating throughout the country .
it was one of just two services [using] throughout the country .

Schemes like this have been operating at Blackbird Leys for years … this , the locals say , is an example of the real face of the estate .
schemes like this have been [using] at blackbird leys for years … this , the locals say , is an example of the real face of the estate .

Grendon has been operating for 30 years and Judge Stephen Tumim 's report , published today , praises them for their standards of humanity , care and dignity .
grendon has been [using] for 30 years and judge stephen tumim 's report , published today , praises them for their standards of humanity , care and dignity .

In the operating theatre of a hospital in Hereford he can get on with his job in the sterile , rather tranquil atmosphere .
in the [using] theatre of a hospital in hereford he can get on with his job in the sterile , rather tranquil atmosphere .

He says that he was operating when a bullet wizzed in through the window and hit the surgeon next to him .
he says that he was [using] when a bullet wizzed in through the window and hit the surgeon next to him .

The High Court has fined Channel Four seventy five thousand pounds for contempt of court for refusing to reveal the source of claims that Loyalist death squads are operating in Ulster .
the high court has fined channel four seventy five thousand pounds for contempt of court for refusing to reveal the source of claims that loyalist death squads are [using] in ulster .

Bus services are operating normally during the daytime in the Springbank area of Cheltenham in Gloucestershire , but at night the estate becomes a no go area .
bus services are [using] normally during the daytime in the springbank area of cheltenham in gloucestershire , but at night the estate becomes a no go area .

But others are still operating in Gloucestershire .
but others are still [using] in gloucestershire .

The plan was for a plant bigger than one already operating at Wakefield in Yorkshire .
the plan was for a plant bigger than one already [using] at wakefield in yorkshire .

Just before he was due to return home for Christmas , he was arrested and charged with possessing , manufacturing and selling alcohol , as well as operating a still .
just before he was due to return home for christmas , he was arrested and charged with possessing , manufacturing and selling alcohol , as well as [using] a still .

For the last 5 years , chemists in Gloucestershire which display this sign have been operating a needle exchange system .
for the last 5 years , chemists in gloucestershire which display this sign have been [using] a needle exchange system .

Here they 're operating on the patient 's liver .
here they 're [using] on the patient 's liver .

Here , they 're operating on the patient 's liver .
here , they 're [using] on the patient 's liver .

An hour after walking into the operating theatre , patients are usually ready to walk out , with none of the effects of a general anaesthetic .
an hour after walking into the [using] theatre , patients are usually ready to walk out , with none of the effects of a general anaesthetic .

Operating profits are up by almost a third to more than two hundred and sixty million pounds
[using] profits are up by almost a third to more than two hundred and sixty million pounds

It might look hi-tech , but very soon Central will be operating new equipment which will speed-up the operation even more .
it might look hi-tech , but very soon central will be [using] new equipment which will speed-up the operation even more .

in there , operating in , especially in the what were the eastern country , erm standard of living is
in there , [using] in , especially in the what were the eastern country , erm standard of living is

and then they dig it , they do n't seem to care do they when they 're operating on somebody ?
and then they dig it , they do n't seem to care do they when they 're [using] on somebody ?

well th the , the people who have the actual lease of the offices have gone out o er gone out of business in a sense , they 're no longer operating and because , they were part of a bigger organization , that bigger organization guaranteed the rents . Now this bigger or , this other organization which wants to put th er another tenant in as in a , as a sub-let to their lease
well th the , the people who have the actual lease of the offices have gone out o er gone out of business in a sense , they 're no longer [using] and because , they were part of a bigger organization , that bigger organization guaranteed the rents . now this bigger or , this other organization which wants to put th er another tenant in as in a , as a sub-let to their lease

That has been a reflection of the numerical constraints under which it has been operating .
that has been a reflection of the numerical constraints under which it has been [using] .

Housed in the extension will be most surgical and medical specialities , eight operating theatres , and some of the latest hi-tech diagnostic equipment as well as out-patient clinics .
housed in the extension will be most surgical and medical specialities , eight [using] theatres , and some of the latest hi-tech diagnostic equipment as well as out-patient clinics .

He tried to distance the party from the question of public ownership but then the shadow Scottish secretary , Tom Clarke , acknowledged the possibility of private Scottish companies operating under a Labour government .
he tried to distance the party from the question of public ownership but then the shadow scottish secretary , tom clarke , acknowledged the possibility of private scottish companies [using] under a labour government .

Such practices were operating in or near the communities affected by the closures , which must be approved by the Scottish Office .
such practices were [using] in or near the communities affected by the closures , which must be approved by the scottish office .

Supt Phil Staples said : ‘ We would however advise motorists that the police will be operating with tow-away trucks and vehicles parked where they cause an obstruction to pedestrians and other road users will be impounded . ’
supt phil staples said : ‘ we would however advise motorists that the police will be [using] with tow-away trucks and vehicles parked where they cause an obstruction to pedestrians and other road users will be impounded . ’

‘ Obviously such a situation poses a serious problem in that we have two very senior members of management operating in the service without any constraints of consultation and negotiation at either local or national trade union level .
‘ obviously such a situation poses a serious problem in that we have two very senior members of management [using] in the service without any constraints of consultation and negotiation at either local or national trade union level .

In a £500,000 damages action at the Court of Session , she had said that she had had a collapse after being injected with anaesthetic drugs in the operating theatre .
in a £500,000 damages action at the court of session , she had said that she had had a collapse after being injected with anaesthetic drugs in the [using] theatre .

The dispute was likely to escalate last night after the principal , Dr David Kennedy , accused the union of operating hidden agenda and Jack Dale , lecturers ' union leader , accused the principal of irresponsible scaremongering .
the dispute was likely to escalate last night after the principal , dr david kennedy , accused the union of [using] hidden agenda and jack dale , lecturers ' union leader , accused the principal of irresponsible scaremongering .

He would prefer to see the work completed more quickly , otherwise whoever was responsible for operating services after privatisation ‘ is going to be running over a building site 400 miles long ’ for up to a decade .
he would prefer to see the work completed more quickly , otherwise whoever was responsible for [using] services after privatisation ‘ is going to be running over a building site 400 miles long ’ for up to a decade .

There was the application of quotas , and additional opportunities for training and development that may involve , by employers to be seen to be more encouraging and therefore more attractive to female hopefuls — wrenching the market , even , into a more equitable and efficient way of operating .
there was the application of quotas , and additional opportunities for training and development that may involve , by employers to be seen to be more encouraging and therefore more attractive to female hopefuls — wrenching the market , even , into a more equitable and efficient way of [using] .

One broker was found to be operating from a telephone box at Heathrow airport .
one broker was found to be [using] from a telephone box at heathrow airport .

Scotland has already phased out its only Magnox plant which occupied part of the Hunterston site and won acclaim as the world 's most efficient nuclear reactor when it was operating .
scotland has already phased out its only magnox plant which occupied part of the hunterston site and won acclaim as the world 's most efficient nuclear reactor when it was [using] .

Nick Collier , of the broker , Morgan Stanley , said operating profits — which edged ahead 2 per cent to £1.53 billion — and the bad-debt provision — down £182 million to £736 million — were better than expected .
nick collier , of the broker , morgan stanley , said [using] profits — which edged ahead 2 per cent to £1.53 billion — and the bad-debt provision — down £182 million to £736 million — were better than expected .

Glass Glover will bring turnover of nearly £85 million to Wincanton 's sales of £210 million and operating profits which reached £5.5 million in the year to 3 October .
glass glover will bring turnover of nearly £85 million to wincanton 's sales of £210 million and [using] profits which reached £5.5 million in the year to 3 october .

Operating 24 hours a day the company specialises in annual reports and documentation for major financial events such as privatisations , takeovers mergers and share issues .
[using] 24 hours a day the company specialises in annual reports and documentation for major financial events such as privatisations , takeovers mergers and share issues .

He added that the results were as expected by the company and that cost-cutting had allowed the group to reduce its operating margins .
he added that the results were as expected by the company and that cost-cutting had allowed the group to reduce its [using] margins .

Turnover dipped 4.5 per cent to £1.37 billion in the quarter , with operating profits slumping from £111 million to £70 million .
turnover dipped 4.5 per cent to £1.37 billion in the quarter , with [using] profits slumping from £111 million to £70 million .

As a result , abattoir owners are beginning to speculate that the operating framework of the beef sector could swing overwhelmingly towards exports — as it is already doing with lamb .
as a result , abattoir owners are beginning to speculate that the [using] framework of the beef sector could swing overwhelmingly towards exports — as it is already doing with lamb .

‘ We need to increase our efficiency and reduce our operating costs .
‘ we need to increase our efficiency and reduce our [using] costs .

But Sir Leon said that the plan would only be implemented if trading partners followed suit to ensure that the measure was ‘ fiscally neutral ’ for companies operating in Europe .
but sir leon said that the plan would only be implemented if trading partners followed suit to ensure that the measure was ‘ fiscally neutral ’ for companies [using] in europe .

‘ The natural progression is from larger to smaller fields and , inevitably , from young to old , with consequent implications for development and operating costs . ’
‘ the natural progression is from larger to smaller fields and , inevitably , from young to old , with consequent implications for development and [using] costs . ’

Kvaerner 's group turnover rose 7 per cent to £2 billion in 1992 , but operating profits fell 9 per cent and , after offsetting net financial costs of £1.4 million in 1992 compared with net financial income of £6.8 million in 1991 , group profits fell 16 per cent to £93.2 million .
kvaerner 's group turnover rose 7 per cent to £2 billion in 1992 , but [using] profits fell 9 per cent and , after offsetting net financial costs of £1.4 million in 1992 compared with net financial income of £6.8 million in 1991 , group profits fell 16 per cent to £93.2 million .

Operating profits of £59.1 million on turnover of more than £1.1 billion last year suggest that margins at Dairy Crest are still around half the level achieved by Northern , the best in the business .
[using] profits of £59.1 million on turnover of more than £1.1 billion last year suggest that margins at dairy crest are still around half the level achieved by northern , the best in the business .

Voluntary tagging may also be adopted for sheep which could benefit from the positive identification of their flock of origin , such as pedigree animals or breeding females from farms operating under specific health schemes .
voluntary tagging may also be adopted for sheep which could benefit from the positive identification of their flock of origin , such as pedigree animals or breeding females from farms [using] under specific health schemes .

Employ a new book-keeper to continue operating the manual book-keeping system .
employ a new book-keeper to continue [using] the manual book-keeping system .

To install a computerised accounting system and employ someone with experience of setting up and operating such a system .
to install a computerised accounting system and employ someone with experience of setting up and [using] such a system .

If you are going this route is would help if you employed an accountant with some experience in operating computerised accounting systems and your own accountants would again give you lack of expertise in this area be better to get involved in the recruitment process to ensure that you end up with a suitable individual to run your system .
if you are going this route is would help if you employed an accountant with some experience in [using] computerised accounting systems and your own accountants would again give you lack of expertise in this area be better to get involved in the recruitment process to ensure that you end up with a suitable individual to run your system .

Operating profits increased 9 per cent to £758 million .
[using] profits increased 9 per cent to £758 million .

’ He said problems in regional aircraft , which include the Jetstream turboprop business , at Prestwick , were largely responsible for an operating loss of £81 million in 1992 , compared with a restated figure of £215 million the previous year .
’ he said problems in regional aircraft , which include the jetstream turboprop business , at prestwick , were largely responsible for an [using] loss of £81 million in 1992 , compared with a restated figure of £215 million the previous year .

Operating profits from the construction division slumped from £13.1 million to £1.5 million , with turnover and margins adversely affected especially on construction tenders .
[using] profits from the construction division slumped from £13.1 million to £1.5 million , with turnover and margins adversely affected especially on construction tenders .

This scheme has already been operating in some London boroughs but it has prompted criticism from anti-poll tax campaigners who have branded the technique as ‘ harassment ’ .
this scheme has already been [using] in some london boroughs but it has prompted criticism from anti-poll tax campaigners who have branded the technique as ‘ harassment ’ .

The figures reflect an improvement in operating results and improved demand for its mid range truck engines .
the figures reflect an improvement in [using] results and improved demand for its mid range truck engines .

Chief executive , Alan Wood , said : ‘ These results show that the society have been effective in handling the problems caused by the recession and that there is a continuing role for building societies operating on the traditional well understood bases . ’
chief executive , alan wood , said : ‘ these results show that the society have been effective in handling the problems caused by the recession and that there is a continuing role for building societies [using] on the traditional well understood bases . ’

Members of the senior management within the health service have The Northern Echo that they believe the merger question will crop up once the purchasing consortiums have begun operating .
members of the senior management within the health service have the northern echo that they believe the merger question will crop up once the purchasing consortiums have begun [using] .

Operating pre-tax profits were reduced .
[using] pre-tax profits were reduced .

One possible solution is to run a ‘ Shopmobility ’ scheme like those operating in around 20 other towns and cities in Britain .
one possible solution is to run a ‘ shopmobility ’ scheme like those [using] in around 20 other towns and cities in britain .

Stations at Darlington , Newton Aycliffe , Fishburn and Chester-le-Street were also operating with a single vehicle and at the time of the call all were out .
stations at darlington , newton aycliffe , fishburn and chester-le-street were also [using] with a single vehicle and at the time of the call all were out .

Stations at Darlington , Newton Aycliffe , Fishburn and Chester-le Street were also operating with one vehicle and each were on call some in each other 's areas .
stations at darlington , newton aycliffe , fishburn and chester-le street were also [using] with one vehicle and each were on call some in each other 's areas .

a 30 to 35-bed hospital with two operating theatres .
a 30 to 35-bed hospital with two [using] theatres .

In his cluttered roof-void office-cum-spare bedroom , where clothes dry under the skylight and ergonomics is too big a word to fit in , he writes massive chunks of operating software for mainframe computers , programmes which can take between one and a half and ten ‘ man years ’ to complete .
in his cluttered roof-void office-cum-spare bedroom , where clothes dry under the skylight and ergonomics is too big a word to fit in , he writes massive chunks of [using] software for mainframe computers , programmes which can take between one and a half and ten ‘ man years ’ to complete .

Members of the Doyle family had worked for a company operating a fleet of ice-cream vans in the city .
members of the doyle family had worked for a company [using] a fleet of ice-cream vans in the city .

However , it was claimed that criminals saw the vans operating in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate operators into giving up their runs to let them move into the area .
however , it was claimed that criminals saw the vans [using] in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate operators into giving up their runs to let them move into the area .

It was claimed that criminals saw the vans operating in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate operators .
it was claimed that criminals saw the vans [using] in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate operators .

Members of the Doyle family had worked for a company operating a fleet of ice-cream vans in the city .
members of the doyle family had worked for a company [using] a fleet of ice-cream vans in the city .

However , it was claimed that criminals saw the vans operating in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate operators into giving up their runs to let them move into the area .
however , it was claimed that criminals saw the vans [using] in the city 's large housing schemes as an ideal front from which to sell drugs and stolen goods , and threatened the legitimate operators into giving up their runs to let them move into the area .

Police and government officials have said the Bombay explosions were most probably the work of an overseas group operating in tandem with local criminals and drug smugglers .
police and government officials have said the bombay explosions were most probably the work of an overseas group [using] in tandem with local criminals and drug smugglers .

The navy yesterday said only that ‘ a minor mechanical failure ’ had led to the 2,400-ton vessel ‘ operating on reduced power ’ .
the navy yesterday said only that ‘ a minor mechanical failure ’ had led to the 2,400-ton vessel ‘ [using] on reduced power ’ .

Sources close to the regional council said yesterday that one purpose of such a study — which could cost about of £25,000 — would be to restore the business community 's confidence in the pit and in the consortium which is operating it .
sources close to the regional council said yesterday that one purpose of such a study — which could cost about of £25,000 — would be to restore the business community 's confidence in the pit and in the consortium which is [using] it .

Another source said a study would assess the viability of the pit and the qualities of those operating it separately . ‘ There is no doubt about the quality of the coal , but two questions need to be answered — can it be brought out at a price which allows a profit and can the consortium attract the investment required to run the place ? ’
another source said a study would assess the viability of the pit and the qualities of those [using] it separately . ‘ there is no doubt about the quality of the coal , but two questions need to be answered — can it be brought out at a price which allows a profit and can the consortium attract the investment required to run the place ? ’

He added : ‘ We are confident we will still be operating for a long time to come .
he added : ‘ we are confident we will still be [using] for a long time to come .

The suspension results from the firm 's consequent failure to adhere to rules governing the granting of its licence , ie , to remain operating within the law , according to a spokesman for the Traffic Commissioners in Edinburgh .
the suspension results from the firm 's consequent failure to adhere to rules governing the granting of its licence , ie , to remain [using] within the law , according to a spokesman for the traffic commissioners in edinburgh .

Representatives of 11 companies operating at Aberdeen Seafood Park are to spend five days promoting their products at a special exhibition in Aberdeen 's twin city of Clermont Ferrand , near Lyons .
representatives of 11 companies [using] at aberdeen seafood park are to spend five days promoting their products at a special exhibition in aberdeen 's twin city of clermont ferrand , near lyons .

If a terrorist group is operating in the area then the sooner they are stopped the better .
if a terrorist group is [using] in the area then the sooner they are stopped the better .

It was confirmed last night that Mr Lynch will work with Mr Bleasdale to plan the structure , budgets and contracts required for the ScotRail operating franchise — one of the first due to be set up under the privatisation plans .
it was confirmed last night that mr lynch will work with mr bleasdale to plan the structure , budgets and contracts required for the scotrail [using] franchise — one of the first due to be set up under the privatisation plans .

Yesterday , Prof Pikas outlined his methods at a seminar in Dundee to teachers , psychologists and the bullying and truancy team which starts operating in the summer .
yesterday , prof pikas outlined his methods at a seminar in dundee to teachers , psychologists and the bullying and truancy team which starts [using] in the summer .

Mr Lynch will work with Mr Bleasdale to plan the structure , budgets and contracts required for the ScotRail operating franchise — one of the first to be set up under privatisation plans .
mr lynch will work with mr bleasdale to plan the structure , budgets and contracts required for the scotrail [using] franchise — one of the first to be set up under privatisation plans .

But before operations began to assess the prospects , the multinational giant exercised an option to lower its stake to 20 per cent , leaving British Petroleum as the operating partner to shoulder the rest of the costs .
but before operations began to assess the prospects , the multinational giant exercised an option to lower its stake to 20 per cent , leaving british petroleum as the [using] partner to shoulder the rest of the costs .

Operating profits dropped by 18 per cent to £105.9 million and interest charges were slashed by two-thirds to £5.4 million .
[using] profits dropped by 18 per cent to £105.9 million and interest charges were slashed by two-thirds to £5.4 million .

The operating system and operating environment are significant as is the database software on which the system is based , although suppliers can make these vary in looks .
the [using] system and [using] environment are significant as is the database software on which the system is based , although suppliers can make these vary in looks .

That should help major high street groups like the banks and big retailers and will be of particular benefit to those operating in the south-east of England , which was hardest hit by the 1990 revaluation of properties and the recession .
that should help major high street groups like the banks and big retailers and will be of particular benefit to those [using] in the south-east of england , which was hardest hit by the 1990 revaluation of properties and the recession .

Conscious that it was operating in an extremely competitive market which faced the possible de-regulation of traditional milk marketing boards , this East-Kilbride-based family company opted in 1988 for a radical marketing strategy to change its fortunes and take it from a West of Scotland dairy company to a major force .
conscious that it was [using] in an extremely competitive market which faced the possible de-regulation of traditional milk marketing boards , this east-kilbride-based family company opted in 1988 for a radical marketing strategy to change its fortunes and take it from a west of scotland dairy company to a major force .

‘ However , free newspapers had a very difficult year and incurred significantly increased operating losses , ’ said the corporation .
‘ however , free newspapers had a very difficult year and incurred significantly increased [using] losses , ’ said the corporation .

Marley 's ‘ heavy side ’ building products side — concrete blocks , bricks and the like — dived into the red , with operating losses of £5.3 million replacing profits of £4.1 million last time .
marley 's ‘ heavy side ’ building products side — concrete blocks , bricks and the like — dived into the red , with [using] losses of £5.3 million replacing profits of £4.1 million last time .

There was better news from Marley 's plumbing , plastic moulding and flooring businesses , where operating profits edged ahead from £27.3 million to £28.8 million , while automotive components more than doubled to £2.8 million .
there was better news from marley 's plumbing , plastic moulding and flooring businesses , where [using] profits edged ahead from £27.3 million to £28.8 million , while automotive components more than doubled to £2.8 million .

Ross Young , the frozen-foods business , put 4 per cent on operating profits at £28.5 million after extensive reorganisation .
ross young , the frozen-foods business , put 4 per cent on [using] profits at £28.5 million after extensive reorganisation .

‘ And because the transfer rules have still to be approved people who trade quota now are operating completely in the dark as far as ring fences around transfer areas , the siphon or other regulations are concerned . ’
‘ and because the transfer rules have still to be approved people who trade quota now are [using] completely in the dark as far as ring fences around transfer areas , the siphon or other regulations are concerned . ’

Taxable profits , which slipped from £62.1 million in 1991 to £53 million , would have been higher had the group not set aside £12.7 million against the cost of closing its four Chesterman furniture stores , which suffered operating losses of £6.2 million in the year .
taxable profits , which slipped from £62.1 million in 1991 to £53 million , would have been higher had the group not set aside £12.7 million against the cost of closing its four chesterman furniture stores , which suffered [using] losses of £6.2 million in the year .

In 1992 , Sutcliffe generated operating profits of £29.1 million from sales of £500 million .
in 1992 , sutcliffe generated [using] profits of £29.1 million from sales of £500 million .

Invergordon did not have an easy time of it in 1992 , a fact reflected both by turnover , down 8 per cent at £85 million , and operating profits , down 3.8 per cent at £35.3 million .
invergordon did not have an easy time of it in 1992 , a fact reflected both by turnover , down 8 per cent at £85 million , and [using] profits , down 3.8 per cent at £35.3 million .

Turnover at the group , which now has an interest in three onshore fields , rose 4.4 per cent to £1.9 million in the 12 months to 31 December , but operating profits shot up from £2,000 to £32,000 .
turnover at the group , which now has an interest in three onshore fields , rose 4.4 per cent to £1.9 million in the 12 months to 31 december , but [using] profits shot up from £2,000 to £32,000 .

The chairman , Sir Lewis Robertson , drew satisfaction from a year which saw the hotels and casinos group improve operating profits by 50 per cent to £20.5 million and convert a £47.4 million pre-tax loss into a small profit .
the chairman , sir lewis robertson , drew satisfaction from a year which saw the hotels and casinos group improve [using] profits by 50 per cent to £20.5 million and convert a £47.4 million pre-tax loss into a small profit .

Haefely raised operating profits from Sfr12.7 million to Sfr17.7 million ( £7.9 million ) on turnover of SFr152 million ( £67.9 million ) last year .
haefely raised [using] profits from sfr12.7 million to sfr17.7 million ( £7.9 million ) on turnover of sfr152 million ( £67.9 million ) last year .

Turnover rose 4.7 per cent to £3,548 million , operating profits rose 4.4 per cent , and interest charges shrank from £12 million to under £1 million .
turnover rose 4.7 per cent to £3,548 million , [using] profits rose 4.4 per cent , and interest charges shrank from £12 million to under £1 million .

Woolworth 's sales rose 5.7 per cent and operating profits , by 9 per cent to £77.8 million .
woolworth 's sales rose 5.7 per cent and [using] profits , by 9 per cent to £77.8 million .

Comet continued its comeback , doubling operating profits to £17.7 million and increasing market share to 11 per cent , while closing 70 smaller stores and opening 29 big new sites .
comet continued its comeback , doubling [using] profits to £17.7 million and increasing market share to 11 per cent , while closing 70 smaller stores and opening 29 big new sites .

But operating profits rose 8 per cent to £30.2 million , and Weir Floway contributed £1.97 million .
but [using] profits rose 8 per cent to £30.2 million , and weir floway contributed £1.97 million .

The chairman , Fred Johnston , said that newspaper publishing remained the group 's main activity , contributing a 20 per cent increase in operating profits at £6.95 million .
the chairman , fred johnston , said that newspaper publishing remained the group 's main activity , contributing a 20 per cent increase in [using] profits at £6.95 million .

Overall operating profits halved to £24.3 million .
overall [using] profits halved to £24.3 million .

In the household and toiletries division , sales were close to 1991 levels , but food sales fell by 8.1 per cent and operating profits , by 1.3 per cent , reflecting the disposal of the group 's food interests in South Africa .
in the household and toiletries division , sales were close to 1991 levels , but food sales fell by 8.1 per cent and [using] profits , by 1.3 per cent , reflecting the disposal of the group 's food interests in south africa .

Pharmaceutical sales jumped more than 5 per cent and operating profits rose nearly 4 per cent , with the group 's portfolio showing ‘ strong resilience ’ .
pharmaceutical sales jumped more than 5 per cent and [using] profits rose nearly 4 per cent , with the group 's portfolio showing ‘ strong resilience ’ .

The strain under which Airdrie are operating began to tell in the second half when Falkirk attempted to mount a fightback .
the strain under which airdrie are [using] began to tell in the second half when falkirk attempted to mount a fightback .

This scheme has already been operating in some London boroughs but it has prompted criticism from anti-poll tax campaigners who have branded the technique as ‘ harassment ’ .
this scheme has already been [using] in some london boroughs but it has prompted criticism from anti-poll tax campaigners who have branded the technique as ‘ harassment ’ .

The scheme involves unwanted good quality furniture being offered to families or individuals in need and its continuing success means it is now operating self-sufficiently with a small excess of income over expenditure .
the scheme involves unwanted good quality furniture being offered to families or individuals in need and its continuing success means it is now [using] self-sufficiently with a small excess of income over expenditure .

It says two Darlington pubs the Hole in the Wall and Lascelles Park are operating well under the new leases and that they are a unique way of putting pubs on a proper commercial footing .
it says two darlington pubs the hole in the wall and lascelles park are [using] well under the new leases and that they are a unique way of putting pubs on a proper commercial footing .

Although they are operating from temporary premises in the nearby Court Arcade the number of visitors has fallen .
although they are [using] from temporary premises in the nearby court arcade the number of visitors has fallen .

Councillors say they are doing the best they can but Bill Dixon , chairman of the authority 's housing committee , admitted : ‘ We are operating on a knife edge . ’
councillors say they are doing the best they can but bill dixon , chairman of the authority 's housing committee , admitted : ‘ we are [using] on a knife edge . ’

‘ More than 3,700 pubs are already operating under the new leases , which provide maximum opportunity to develop the full commercial potential of the pub .
‘ more than 3,700 pubs are already [using] under the new leases , which provide maximum opportunity to develop the full commercial potential of the pub .

Cash donations are also needed to keep the group operating .
cash donations are also needed to keep the group [using] .

The alleged purpose of improving the service and operating at a profit has already been achieved by New Zealand Rail as a state-owned enterprise , as Bernard Hickey points out .
the alleged purpose of improving the service and [using] at a profit has already been achieved by new zealand rail as a state-owned enterprise , as bernard hickey points out .

Shearer was on the operating table at the same time as fit-again Gascoigne and his other international colleagues were preparing for tomorrow 's World Cup qualifier against San Marino .
shearer was on the [using] table at the same time as fit-again gascoigne and his other international colleagues were preparing for tomorrow 's world cup qualifier against san marino .

Japanese companies already account for nearly a quarter of the 5,000 foreign-based companies operating in New York .
japanese companies already account for nearly a quarter of the 5,000 foreign-based companies [using] in new york .

Operating losses were cut to £11.6m from £18.8m and group sales actually improved by a tenth to £399m , helped by favourable exchange rates .
[using] losses were cut to £11.6m from £18.8m and group sales actually improved by a tenth to £399m , helped by favourable exchange rates .

Seton is also involved in sports and leisure goods , a recession-hit division which saw sales fall during the year , although operating profit increased by 7pc .
seton is also involved in sports and leisure goods , a recession-hit division which saw sales fall during the year , although [using] profit increased by 7pc .

Chairman Michael Hurdle said the last few months of the year to March 27 had provided some evidence of an upturn in consumer confidence and helped increase operating profits by 10.2pc to £22.5m from £20.4m last time .
chairman michael hurdle said the last few months of the year to march 27 had provided some evidence of an upturn in consumer confidence and helped increase [using] profits by 10.2pc to £22.5m from £20.4m last time .

As we dip a toe into this rather choppy sea we appreciate even more that our work is a well-tried and tested educational system operating mainly under the safe anchorage of Adult Education .
as we dip a toe into this rather choppy sea we appreciate even more that our work is a well-tried and tested educational system [using] mainly under the safe anchorage of adult education .

The operating system which arranges the sharing of the computer among several concurrent users , catalogues any data that are to be preserved in files for later use and provides various ‘ housekeeping ’ facilities helpful to the user ;
the [using] system which arranges the sharing of the computer among several concurrent users , catalogues any data that are to be preserved in files for later use and provides various ‘ housekeeping ’ facilities helpful to the user ;

Earnings risk — increases in operating costs can reduce earnings , provisions for bad debt , changes in interest rates , and changes in asset prices can cause problems .
earnings risk — increases in [using] costs can reduce earnings , provisions for bad debt , changes in interest rates , and changes in asset prices can cause problems .

Operating risk — losses arising from inefficiency and poor management control .
[using] risk — losses arising from inefficiency and poor management control .

Collective Investment Schemes — establishing , operating , or closing down collective investment schemes , which includes acting as a trustee of an authorised unit trust scheme .
collective investment schemes — establishing , [using] , or closing down collective investment schemes , which includes acting as a trustee of an authorised unit trust scheme .

First , writers such as Badie and Birnbaum ( 1983 ) or Moore ( 1967 ) operating from a broad historical perspective suggest that states have a distinct character resulting from long-term processes of political development .
first , writers such as badie and birnbaum ( 1983 ) or moore ( 1967 ) [using] from a broad historical perspective suggest that states have a distinct character resulting from long-term processes of political development .

In the words of Dunlop ( 1958 : 20 ) , the technological context of ‘ railroads has many distinctive features affecting the relations of managers and workers : the train operating divisions use small crews working together and in movement far from close and immediate supervision ; complex and expensive equipment is utilized with a high ratio of capital to worker ; … the costs of accidents can be consequential ; the hours of operations for equipment may be around the clock , and they do not conform to normal factory schedules … ’ .
in the words of dunlop ( 1958 : 20 ) , the technological context of ‘ railroads has many distinctive features affecting the relations of managers and workers : the train [using] divisions use small crews working together and in movement far from close and immediate supervision ; complex and expensive equipment is utilized with a high ratio of capital to worker ; … the costs of accidents can be consequential ; the hours of operations for equipment may be around the clock , and they do not conform to normal factory schedules … ’ .

Railway work is governed by complex rules and regulations stemming from the safety and technical requirements of operating the railway network .
railway work is governed by complex rules and regulations stemming from the safety and technical requirements of [using] the railway network .

Most labour directors have resolved this conflict by operating as responsible managers rather than as worker agents per se .
most labour directors have resolved this conflict by [using] as responsible managers rather than as worker agents per se .

In 1952 nearly 60 per cent of the production of the ACCs was located there , produced by around 33 per cent of the total number of workers operating over half of the business capital stock .
in 1952 nearly 60 per cent of the production of the accs was located there , produced by around 33 per cent of the total number of workers [using] over half of the business capital stock .

Before considering how events developed , it is important to clarify in whose interests the system had been operating .
before considering how events developed , it is important to clarify in whose interests the system had been [using] .

Productivity on the whole range of plant , old and new , may be improved as experience in operating it breeds better methods of organization .
productivity on the whole range of plant , old and new , may be improved as experience in [using] it breeds better methods of organization .

Almost operating on remote control he removed it , looked at it , and remembered finding it on the mat in that other house in that other life-time .
almost [using] on remote control he removed it , looked at it , and remembered finding it on the mat in that other house in that other life-time .

No one was supposed to know where he was operating from .
no one was supposed to know where he was [using] from .

In 1860 Birkenhead Improvement Commissioners , who were then operating the ferries , issued metal discs stamped ‘ B'head Ferry ’ to annual contractors in place of the cardboard tickets that had been in use until then .
in 1860 birkenhead improvement commissioners , who were then [using] the ferries , issued metal discs stamped ‘ b'head ferry ’ to annual contractors in place of the cardboard tickets that had been in use until then .

Mr Hamer said existing slaughterhouses were struggling to get sufficient lambs to keep existing plant operating at full capacity and that the Fortex development would be a case of job re-allocation rather than job creation .
mr hamer said existing slaughterhouses were struggling to get sufficient lambs to keep existing plant [using] at full capacity and that the fortex development would be a case of job re-allocation rather than job creation .

He said the units were very much part of a hospital 's working environment , usually to care for patients coming out of operating theatres after major operations .
he said the units were very much part of a hospital 's working environment , usually to care for patients coming out of [using] theatres after major operations .

He said the units were very much part of a hospital 's working environment , usually to care for patients coming out of operating theatres after major operations .
he said the units were very much part of a hospital 's working environment , usually to care for patients coming out of [using] theatres after major operations .

Increased national coverage would add to the benefits currently provided to the tour operating business by the existing chain .
increased national coverage would add to the benefits currently provided to the tour [using] business by the existing chain .

However , authorities are anxious that the disaster should not hit the holiday industry and tourist centres are already operating as normal .
however , authorities are anxious that the disaster should not hit the holiday industry and tourist centres are already [using] as normal .

‘ The railway operating people put a massive number of problems in our way , and Railfreight 's sales telex to us started with a mass of negatives . What would any businessman do with a telex like that ? ’
‘ the railway [using] people put a massive number of problems in our way , and railfreight 's sales telex to us started with a mass of negatives . what would any businessman do with a telex like that ? ’

To those operating in the specialist property press such lack of detail is intolerable .
to those [using] in the specialist property press such lack of detail is intolerable .

The Safer City Project , has been operating in Wirral since 1989 .
the safer city project , has been [using] in wirral since 1989 .

Several new businesses began operating during the year and are already trading profitably .
several new businesses began [using] during the year and are already trading profitably .

‘ These measures , which include staff reductions from 580 to 480 , as well as other reductions in operating costs , have been introduced following full and open consultation with members of the workforce . ’
‘ these measures , which include staff reductions from 580 to 480 , as well as other reductions in [using] costs , have been introduced following full and open consultation with members of the workforce . ’

Two operating theatres , one to full teaching standard .
two [using] theatres , one to full teaching standard .

The Red Cross claims that every misuse of the symbol undermines its authority and endangers its members operating in difficult conditions .
the red cross claims that every misuse of the symbol undermines its authority and endangers its members [using] in difficult conditions .

In a report to police committee members , Keith Hellawell praises the five schemes operating in Cleveland but recognises their financial problems .
in a report to police committee members , keith hellawell praises the five schemes [using] in cleveland but recognises their financial problems .

First mate Mr Gregory was charged with operating a vessel under the influence of alcohol or drugs and negligent discharge of a pollutant without a permit .
first mate mr gregory was charged with [using] a vessel under the influence of alcohol or drugs and negligent discharge of a pollutant without a permit .

An employee of Nacro was operating a pneumatic drill when he struck the cable buried 3ft 6ins deep on The Black Path at Cargo Fleet , Middlesbrough .
an employee of nacro was [using] a pneumatic drill when he struck the cable buried 3ft 6ins deep on the black path at cargo fleet , middlesbrough .

It also admitted failing to report within the statutory seven days that an employee had severed a tendon in his hand while operating the machine .
it also admitted failing to report within the statutory seven days that an employee had severed a tendon in his hand while [using] the machine .

He added : ‘ Our studies have shown that from day one , if our traffic projections are correct , we can cover our operating costs through the revenue received .
he added : ‘ our studies have shown that from day one , if our traffic projections are correct , we can cover our [using] costs through the revenue received .

He backed manager Brian Little with a two-year contract and rejected the idea of operating with part-timers in the Vauxhall Conference .
he backed manager brian little with a two-year contract and rejected the idea of [using] with part-timers in the vauxhall conference .

Operating in sections it 's corporals and below who if they are to encoutner problems it 's those sort of ranks who 'll have to fix it .
[using] in sections it 's corporals and below who if they are to encoutner problems it 's those sort of ranks who 'll have to fix it .

Last week Frankie Vaughan was on an operating table undergoing major surgery to the most important artery in his body ; the Aorta .
last week frankie vaughan was on an [using] table undergoing major surgery to the most important artery in his body ; the aorta .

The clinic , has been operating here at the Nuffield Orthopaedic Centre in Oxford for a year on a trial basis — one of only a few in the Country .
the clinic , has been [using] here at the nuffield orthopaedic centre in oxford for a year on a trial basis — one of only a few in the country .

The work , which will take about six years to complete , will provide a new operating block , intensive care unit , outpatients ' department , accident and emergency unit , medical records centre and new main entrance .
the work , which will take about six years to complete , will provide a new [using] block , intensive care unit , outpatients ' department , accident and emergency unit , medical records centre and new main entrance .

The Bryson House charity is aiming to raise sufficient money to have the proposed centre operating on the Lagan within the next few months .
the bryson house charity is aiming to raise sufficient money to have the proposed centre [using] on the lagan within the next few months .

The new Renault/Volvo operating company will be 65pc owned directly and indirectly by the French state and 35pc by Volvo , Renault said in a statement released at a joint news conference in Paris .
the new renault/volvo [using] company will be 65pc owned directly and indirectly by the french state and 35pc by volvo , renault said in a statement released at a joint news conference in paris .

That company , 51pc owned by Renault and 49pc by Volvo , will hold 35pc of the Paris-based Renault/Volvo operating company , which will control the two firms ' car , truck and financial subsidiaries .
that company , 51pc owned by renault and 49pc by volvo , will hold 35pc of the paris-based renault/volvo [using] company , which will control the two firms ' car , truck and financial subsidiaries .

The French state will have a 46.36pc direct stake in the Renault/ Volvo operating company and Volvo will have a 17.85pc direct stake , the statement said .
the french state will have a 46.36pc direct stake in the renault/ volvo [using] company and volvo will have a 17.85pc direct stake , the statement said .

Pearson , the media group which owns a 17.5pc stake in BSkyB , dipped 3p to 514p despite the satellite broadcaster reporting its first full-year of operating profits .
pearson , the media group which owns a 17.5pc stake in bskyb , dipped 3p to 514p despite the satellite broadcaster reporting its first full-year of [using] profits .

Pearson , the media group which owns a 17.5pc stake in BSkyB , reversed earlier falls to go 2p ahead to 518p despite the satellite broadcaster reporting its first full-year of operating profits .
pearson , the media group which owns a 17.5pc stake in bskyb , reversed earlier falls to go 2p ahead to 518p despite the satellite broadcaster reporting its first full-year of [using] profits .

‘ It has been operating out of the airport for the past five years and on a more frequent basis than it is doing now and we have not had any complaints of this nature in the past .
‘ it has been [using] out of the airport for the past five years and on a more frequent basis than it is doing now and we have not had any complaints of this nature in the past .

If the Government is operating , as some fear , a ‘ better-the devil-you-know ’ policy and McGuinness escapes justice , then the violence will continue with McGuinness at its centre .
if the government is [using] , as some fear , a ‘ better-the devil-you-know ’ policy and mcguinness escapes justice , then the violence will continue with mcguinness at its centre .

They are asked to visit one of the 17 windfarms operating in England and Wales and assess whether they enhance or disturb the beauty of the countryside .
they are asked to visit one of the 17 windfarms [using] in england and wales and assess whether they enhance or disturb the beauty of the countryside .

Now he 's operating from a purpose-built wildlife hospital .
now he 's [using] from a purpose-built wildlife hospital .

So many abandoned dogs are being treated in the hospital section of the Canine Defence League kennels at Evesham in Worcestershire , that one of them , a deaf and blind poodle , is living in the operating theatre because there 's no other room left .
so many abandoned dogs are being treated in the hospital section of the canine defence league kennels at evesham in worcestershire , that one of them , a deaf and blind poodle , is living in the [using] theatre because there 's no other room left .

Well the evidence for transmission in the operating theatre is very very low ; it 's strong circumstantial evidence that a patient , that certains are at high risk with certain types of surgery like wiring of jaws , or er very bloody major operations .
well the evidence for transmission in the [using] theatre is very very low ; it 's strong circumstantial evidence that a patient , that certains are at high risk with certain types of surgery like wiring of jaws , or er very bloody major operations .

Well it 's certainly clear that some of the companies , for instance Cliffhanger , which have grown in Brighton and developed Brighton as a base , are not just immensely popular within Brighton , but also very popular when we take them out on tour , or when they offer their services to other venues in other parts of East Sussex or Kent , and this is equally true of some of the community orientated groups , some of the musicians and artists who live and work primarily in Brighton erm their talent is readily appreciable throughout the region and therefore it 's part of our tactics to talk to artists who are operating in the Brighton area and see whether they 're willing or interested in taking some of their work out to other parts of the region .
well it 's certainly clear that some of the companies , for instance cliffhanger , which have grown in brighton and developed brighton as a base , are not just immensely popular within brighton , but also very popular when we take them out on tour , or when they offer their services to other venues in other parts of east sussex or kent , and this is equally true of some of the community orientated groups , some of the musicians and artists who live and work primarily in brighton erm their talent is readily appreciable throughout the region and therefore it 's part of our tactics to talk to artists who are [using] in the brighton area and see whether they 're willing or interested in taking some of their work out to other parts of the region .

Well as an association , we naturally get ourselves involved with many other aspects of the university activities in that erm both the students are applicants of ours and come and talk to us about projects which they may like to see emerge , and other departments of the university , the music department etc. , sometimes find that our knowledge of the area , or certain aspects of some of the schemes that we 're operating , coincide with what they 're trying to do and it turns out to be that campuses like this are often useful places for residencies and artists will come and take up residency in a university for a period of time , and that 's often been exploited by the Association .
well as an association , we naturally get ourselves involved with many other aspects of the university activities in that erm both the students are applicants of ours and come and talk to us about projects which they may like to see emerge , and other departments of the university , the music department etc. , sometimes find that our knowledge of the area , or certain aspects of some of the schemes that we 're [using] , coincide with what they 're trying to do and it turns out to be that campuses like this are often useful places for residencies and artists will come and take up residency in a university for a period of time , and that 's often been exploited by the association .

The only influence really the woman might have is in the love and affection level of operating , and it 's a very unfair power battle and that is , in fact , what it turns into .
the only influence really the woman might have is in the love and affection level of [using] , and it 's a very unfair power battle and that is , in fact , what it turns into .

On the other hand there 's a certain inertia principle operating , it is always easier for an administration to do less than to do more in dealing with the Middle East , and especially with the central Palestine problem .
on the other hand there 's a certain inertia principle [using] , it is always easier for an administration to do less than to do more in dealing with the middle east , and especially with the central palestine problem .

The laboratory , at Evesham in Worcestershire , has been operating for more than forty years .
the laboratory , at evesham in worcestershire , has been [using] for more than forty years .

That shows how much energy is available , and it is very attractive to try and harness this , but since the turn of the century there have been over a hundred patented devices to extract energy from the waves , but we still do n't have a single commercial one operating .
that shows how much energy is available , and it is very attractive to try and harness this , but since the turn of the century there have been over a hundred patented devices to extract energy from the waves , but we still do n't have a single commercial one [using] .

Since a van service , operating at fixed times , transports call-slips to the Annexe in batches , and brings the items requested back to the Main Building in batches , the time taken for straightforward deliveries of outhoused publications depends entirely on the time at which the request is submitted .
since a van service , [using] at fixed times , transports call-slips to the annexe in batches , and brings the items requested back to the main building in batches , the time taken for straightforward deliveries of outhoused publications depends entirely on the time at which the request is submitted .

It should be noted that the delivery times recorded were achieved despite the fact that , owing to illness and vacation , the Book Fetching Unit was operating with less than its normal complement of staff throughout the periods of the Survey .
it should be noted that the delivery times recorded were achieved despite the fact that , owing to illness and vacation , the book fetching unit was [using] with less than its normal complement of staff throughout the periods of the survey .

In the second phase three operating companies will be created — for passengers , freight and infrastructure — as part of the holding company .
in the second phase three [using] companies will be created — for passengers , freight and infrastructure — as part of the holding company .

In the final phase , in 2002 , the holding company will disappear to leave the three separate operating companies .
in the final phase , in 2002 , the holding company will disappear to leave the three separate [using] companies .

And a major reason for that was comparative operating costs .
and a major reason for that was comparative [using] costs .

However , within 5 years the new street works act should be operating properly which means that the planning and execution of all public utilities works will have far less effect on peak hour travel and congestion except for unplanned emergencies .
however , within 5 years the new street works act should be [using] properly which means that the planning and execution of all public utilities works will have far less effect on peak hour travel and congestion except for unplanned emergencies .

As cost was the most important consideration of port users when determining port of call and as labour costs typically account for 60 to 70 per cent of operating costs , employers have sought both to reduce the size of their workforces and improve the utilisation of the labour that remains .
as cost was the most important consideration of port users when determining port of call and as labour costs typically account for 60 to 70 per cent of [using] costs , employers have sought both to reduce the size of their workforces and improve the utilisation of the labour that remains .

Disciplined operating procedures can be followed more readily and this will make for smoother performances in all areas .
disciplined [using] procedures can be followed more readily and this will make for smoother performances in all areas .

From April 1 , some 255 scientists and support staff were put directly under the control of Courtaulds operating businesses .
from april 1 , some 255 scientists and support staff were put directly under the control of courtaulds [using] businesses .

It is a civilised way of operating .
it is a civilised way of [using] .

They would be based increasingly on the operating lease and take the form of instruments focused on the capital markets .
they would be based increasingly on the [using] lease and take the form of instruments focused on the capital markets .

‘ While one in every five aircraft is on an operating lease today , this is likely to rise to one in every two over the next decade .
‘ while one in every five aircraft is on an [using] lease today , this is likely to rise to one in every two over the next decade .

For example , the Track Authority would be a private sector company , operating in an objective manner , rather like the National Grid Company in the electricity supply industry .
for example , the track authority would be a private sector company , [using] in an objective manner , rather like the national grid company in the electricity supply industry .

There would be no need to involve the operators who would have to register and have approved , any timetable changes proposed — approval being the Track Authority from an operating point of view and the Regulator from a competition viewpoint .
there would be no need to involve the operators who would have to register and have approved , any timetable changes proposed — approval being the track authority from an [using] point of view and the regulator from a competition viewpoint .

The 26-strong team has quickly set up an operating theatre , resuscitation area , X-ray department and a ward in two rooms in the British base a former school at Vitez .
the 26-strong team has quickly set up an [using] theatre , resuscitation area , x-ray department and a ward in two rooms in the british base a former school at vitez .

The new acquisitions come as Manchester and North Wales stockbroker Henry Cooke , Lumsden express concern that the group 's businesses require investment in excess of operating cash flow for the foreseeable future .
the new acquisitions come as manchester and north wales stockbroker henry cooke , lumsden express concern that the group 's businesses require investment in excess of [using] cash flow for the foreseeable future .

The success of the campaign , operating in Sefton , is mainly due to a unique low cost neutering service .
the success of the campaign , [using] in sefton , is mainly due to a unique low cost neutering service .

He regards the next phase of his career with Knowsley Contract Services as a crucial test of his whole management philosophy , since he admits he is operating in an area where he has no technical expertise or background .
he regards the next phase of his career with knowsley contract services as a crucial test of his whole management philosophy , since he admits he is [using] in an area where he has no technical expertise or background .

And Clinton 's campaign broadcasts have focused on the level of tax paid by foreign companies operating in America .
and clinton 's campaign broadcasts have focused on the level of tax paid by foreign companies [using] in america .

‘ In order to help achieve that aim , a new business operating structure has been announced which will streamline the operation of each Brunner Mond business .
‘ in order to help achieve that aim , a new business [using] structure has been announced which will streamline the operation of each brunner mond business .

‘ The new operating structure will involve an overall reduction in the workforce at every level of the organisation . ’
‘ the new [using] structure will involve an overall reduction in the workforce at every level of the organisation . ’

But the celebrated Mayfair fashion house is operating only on a week-to-week basis to complete orders and little hope exists of securing its future by finding a buyer .
but the celebrated mayfair fashion house is [using] only on a week-to-week basis to complete orders and little hope exists of securing its future by finding a buyer .

Brig Cumming , who is operating from a stark small office in the barracks with just a trestle table and canvas chair , said there had been no direct links between the British commanders and the Serbs .
brig cumming , who is [using] from a stark small office in the barracks with just a trestle table and canvas chair , said there had been no direct links between the british commanders and the serbs .

Up to two thirds of the operating profits of owner-managed companies goes on interest payments , it is claimed today .
up to two thirds of the [using] profits of owner-managed companies goes on interest payments , it is claimed today .

Bosses of Secrets in Litherland are able to continue operating while an appeal is lodged .
bosses of secrets in litherland are able to continue [using] while an appeal is lodged .

Similarly , in macroeconomics , we can say that the equilibrium level of national income has been reached when there are no economic forces operating to change the level of national income .
similarly , in macroeconomics , we can say that the equilibrium level of national income has been reached when there are no economic forces [using] to change the level of national income .

It follows from the above examples that profit-maximising firms , operating under conditions of certainty , will invest in projects where the rate of return on the investment exceeds the market rate of interest .
it follows from the above examples that profit-maximising firms , [using] under conditions of certainty , will invest in projects where the rate of return on the investment exceeds the market rate of interest .

If they were previously operating at the desired ratio , the banks will now reduce their deposit liabilities , say , by calling in advances to their customers , by selling assets or by refusing to grant new advances .
if they were previously [using] at the desired ratio , the banks will now reduce their deposit liabilities , say , by calling in advances to their customers , by selling assets or by refusing to grant new advances .

If the banks were previously operating with a cash reserves ratio above their desired ratio , however , the potential that exists for them to expand their deposits is reduced .
if the banks were previously [using] with a cash reserves ratio above their desired ratio , however , the potential that exists for them to expand their deposits is reduced .

Given a tâtonnement process or at least a perfectly operating price mechanism which disseminated the information necessary to co-ordinate the plans of households and firms , the neo-classical comparative approach would be justified .
given a tâtonnement process or at least a perfectly [using] price mechanism which disseminated the information necessary to co-ordinate the plans of households and firms , the neo-classical comparative approach would be justified .

Catering manager is Irene Forbes , and she and her staff cater for 350 people in the restaurant , as well as operating vending machines and catering for functions .
catering manager is irene forbes , and she and her staff cater for 350 people in the restaurant , as well as [using] vending machines and catering for functions .

‘ We are the only catalyst producer with a strong process technology base of our own with operating experience in our field . ’
‘ we are the only catalyst producer with a strong process technology base of our own with [using] experience in our field . ’

An active suspension system is designed to keep the McLaren glued to the track by reading the bumps ahead and a radio link enables engineers to tweak the car 's operating systems during the race .
an active suspension system is designed to keep the mclaren glued to the track by reading the bumps ahead and a radio link enables engineers to tweak the car 's [using] systems during the race .

‘ With the reorganisation we will become leaner and stronger to prosper in difficult trading conditions and obtain high profits when the economy finally stabilises , ’ said , chief operating officer .
‘ with the reorganisation we will become leaner and stronger to prosper in difficult trading conditions and obtain high profits when the economy finally stabilises , ’ said , chief [using] officer .

As the Single Market comes into effect Courtauld News looks at some of the Group businesses operating in Europe
as the single market comes into effect courtauld news looks at some of the group businesses [using] in europe

That 's the view of Matthew Banks , an Englishman working in sales and marketing at Courtelle in Paris , who is operating in a thoroughly continental environment .
that 's the view of matthew banks , an englishman working in sales and marketing at courtelle in paris , who is [using] in a thoroughly continental environment .

International Seacontrol is designed to help ship operators in a recession-hit marine industry who are increasingly under pressure to reduce operating costs while sustaining an acceptable level of maintenance .
international seacontrol is designed to help ship operators in a recession-hit marine industry who are increasingly under pressure to reduce [using] costs while sustaining an acceptable level of maintenance .

Apart from general operating conditions , it has set emission limits for sulphur dioxide , nitrogen dioxide and carbon monoxide .
apart from general [using] conditions , it has set emission limits for sulphur dioxide , nitrogen dioxide and carbon monoxide .

However , a neat way of operating the bridge was devised by Robinson .
however , a neat way of [using] the bridge was devised by robinson .

Graphical determination of the steady-state response of a two-terminal nonlinear component to connection of a direct source has already been treated in section 3.10 where the concepts of load line and operating point were introduced .
graphical determination of the steady-state response of a two-terminal nonlinear component to connection of a direct source has already been treated in section 3.10 where the concepts of load line and [using] point were introduced .

Whatever the time dependences of the signals in a two-terminal nonlinear network , its terminal behaviour can be represented by Moreover , the relationship between sufficiently small signals and , denoted according to convention by lower-case letters i and v , is or where ( , ) is the bias operating point .
whatever the time dependences of the signals in a two-terminal nonlinear network , its terminal behaviour can be represented by moreover , the relationship between sufficiently small signals and , denoted according to convention by lower-case letters i and v , is or where ( , ) is the bias [using] point .

If the signals only vary slowly , and respectively represent the small-signal conductance and resistance at the operating point and are given by the slope of the static characteristic and its inverse at the operating point .
if the signals only vary slowly , and respectively represent the small-signal conductance and resistance at the [using] point and are given by the slope of the static characteristic and its inverse at the [using] point .

When the signals involved are of low-enough frequency for reactive and other frequency-dependent effects to be negligible , the Z-parameters are given by the slopes of appropriate static characteristics at the operating bias levels .
when the signals involved are of low-enough frequency for reactive and other frequency-dependent effects to be negligible , the z-parameters are given by the slopes of appropriate static characteristics at the [using] bias levels .

Remember that , in general , the set of Z-parameters to be used in equations ( 10.7 ) or ( 10.8 ) and the set of h-parameters to be used in equations ( 10.10 ) or ( 10.12 ) will depend on the operating bias .
remember that , in general , the set of z-parameters to be used in equations ( 10.7 ) or ( 10.8 ) and the set of h-parameters to be used in equations ( 10.10 ) or ( 10.12 ) will depend on the [using] bias .

There was no fresh capital , the project did not have a specific budget so any money had to come from existing tight maintenance and operating budgets .
there was no fresh capital , the project did not have a specific budget so any money had to come from existing tight maintenance and [using] budgets .

Recently , the giving of business gifts has declined , as employers have placed restrictions upon what their employees may receive , and the Institute of Purchasing and Supply has published a ‘ blacklist ’ of companies operating what they consider to be gift schemes over and above items of nominal value .
recently , the giving of business gifts has declined , as employers have placed restrictions upon what their employees may receive , and the institute of purchasing and supply has published a ‘ blacklist ’ of companies [using] what they consider to be gift schemes over and above items of nominal value .

As a result of this , large manufacturers operating a ‘ pull ’ strategy have been able to exercise control over their distributive intermediaries ; such intermediaries could only dismiss demand created through advertising and branding at the risk of losing custom .
as a result of this , large manufacturers [using] a ‘ pull ’ strategy have been able to exercise control over their distributive intermediaries ; such intermediaries could only dismiss demand created through advertising and branding at the risk of losing custom .

It is , therefore , necessary for a company operating in this type of environment to monitor trends and adapt as necessary .
it is , therefore , necessary for a company [using] in this type of environment to monitor trends and adapt as necessary .

The percentage of sales accounted for by each of these market segments is given below : At the 1986 level of demand the company was operating at full capacity , but today it has an excess of manufacturing capacity .
the percentage of sales accounted for by each of these market segments is given below : at the 1986 level of demand the company was [using] at full capacity , but today it has an excess of manufacturing capacity .

It has been a hectic three years , operating a round-the-clock snack bar , and restaurant service for 17 hours every day .
it has been a hectic three years , [using] a round-the-clock snack bar , and restaurant service for 17 hours every day .

The catering team , under group catering manager Mary Markham , is based at a central production unit at the largest contract in Milton Keynes , although each outlet has its own operating staff .
the catering team , under group catering manager mary markham , is based at a central production unit at the largest contract in milton keynes , although each outlet has its own [using] staff .

Its task is to ensure that the national and regional offtakes are all operating within defined quality limits to provide an uninterrupted flow of clean , natural gas to all our customers around the region .
its task is to ensure that the national and regional offtakes are all [using] within defined quality limits to provide an uninterrupted flow of clean , natural gas to all our customers around the region .

Using eight display screens the team on duty can monitor and control the pressures and flows of gas coming into the region through the national and regional offtakes , maintaining safe operating limits and ensuring demand is met .
using eight display screens the team on duty can monitor and control the pressures and flows of gas coming into the region through the national and regional offtakes , maintaining safe [using] limits and ensuring demand is met .

Linked by computer-driven remote controls to the major outstations , gas flow and pressure can be increased or decreased by operating a keyboard .
linked by computer-driven remote controls to the major outstations , gas flow and pressure can be increased or decreased by [using] a keyboard .

NGVs also bring reduced operating and maintenance costs and extend engine life .
ngvs also bring reduced [using] and maintenance costs and extend engine life .

The main colour monitor operating instructions in here .
the main colour monitor [using] instructions in here .

It is due to excess nutrients in the water — check that your tapwater filter is operating properly , as these should be filtered out .
it is due to excess nutrients in the water — check that your tapwater filter is [using] properly , as these should be filtered out .

And anyway , a few minutes studying the front panel should begin the information digestion process , and Boogie 's operating manual has been written so simply as to lead even the most nervous neophyte through the mire unscathed .
and anyway , a few minutes studying the front panel should begin the information digestion process , and boogie 's [using] manual has been written so simply as to lead even the most nervous neophyte through the mire unscathed .

Operating the TriAxis is pretty simple : some idea of the basics of processors and things digital will help , but it 's really not essential .
[using] the triaxis is pretty simple : some idea of the basics of processors and things digital will help , but it 's really not essential .

Overall , the 238's layout is very easy to get on with , and it does n't take long , even for a first-timer , to get the hang of operating the buttons .
overall , the 238's layout is very easy to get on with , and it does n't take long , even for a first-timer , to get the hang of [using] the buttons .

Nevertheless these devices are rarely run under optimum operating conditions .
nevertheless these devices are rarely run under optimum [using] conditions .

In some cases this would not matter to much , however there could very well be serious implications of operating a component at a potential which is appreciably greater than its rated voltage .
in some cases this would not matter to much , however there could very well be serious implications of [using] a component at a potential which is appreciably greater than its rated voltage .

The operating characteristics of both the individual components and the circuit itself — voltages , currents and operating frequencies etc .
the [using] characteristics of both the individual components and the circuit itself — voltages , currents and [using] frequencies etc .

Having pondered the operating characteristics of the circuit , the next criterion in our list relates to the space available in the housing used to accommodate the finished board .
having pondered the [using] characteristics of the circuit , the next criterion in our list relates to the space available in the housing used to accommodate the finished board .

This does it by operating a sprinkler for a preset time each day .
this does it by [using] a sprinkler for a preset time each day .

The muscles operating the system form a complex sling that cradles each side of the lower jaw .
the muscles [using] the system form a complex sling that cradles each side of the lower jaw .

Connecting up is simple , with both inputs and outputs using unbalanced standard jacks with a slide switch selecting the correct operating level .
connecting up is simple , with both inputs and outputs using unbalanced standard jacks with a slide switch selecting the correct [using] level .

And for a really considered exposition of it we can turn to Charles Temple 's Native Races and their Rulers ( 1918 ) , a remarkable work which , though it bears the unmistakable stamp of a mind operating obsessively in isolation , pursuing ideas by their internal logic rather than by the rules of external evidence , can yet be assumed to possess a representative character .
and for a really considered exposition of it we can turn to charles temple 's native races and their rulers ( 1918 ) , a remarkable work which , though it bears the unmistakable stamp of a mind [using] obsessively in isolation , pursuing ideas by their internal logic rather than by the rules of external evidence , can yet be assumed to possess a representative character .

Kirsty was able to tell me a great deal of what had taken place in the operating theatre .
kirsty was able to tell me a great deal of what had taken place in the [using] theatre .

Until then she had had absolutely no recollection of anything which had taken place in the operating theatre .
until then she had had absolutely no recollection of anything which had taken place in the [using] theatre .

( field effect transistors ) operating as electronic switches , plus capacitors to hold the sampled voltages .
( field effect transistors ) [using] as electronic switches , plus capacitors to hold the sampled voltages .

With an operating frequency of about 20kHz , the clock circuit gives a delay time from the first tapping of about 10mS .
with an [using] frequency of about 20khz , the clock circuit gives a delay time from the first tapping of about 10ms .

Operating cycle of the filter circuit showing the inductor current waveform .
[using] cycle of the filter circuit showing the inductor current waveform .

There are at least seven haulage firms or drivers operating from the village .
there are at least seven haulage firms or drivers [using] from the village .

If the disturbance was the result of a single adverse stimulus , such as a sudden fright , a bereavement or an infection , which is now no longer operating although its effects persist , then theoretically one dose of the appropriate remedy should be sufficient to re-pattern the system and set things to rights .
if the disturbance was the result of a single adverse stimulus , such as a sudden fright , a bereavement or an infection , which is now no longer [using] although its effects persist , then theoretically one dose of the appropriate remedy should be sufficient to re-pattern the system and set things to rights .

reduces wages , even below the legal minimum , that is the labour market operating reasonably .
reduces wages , even below the legal minimum , that is the labour market [using] reasonably .

Consequently , there is no evidence that this ‘ Godfatherism ’ , or as Needleman and Needleman ( 1979 : 518 ) prefer to call it , ‘ crime-coercive system ’ exists in other industries operating under other forms of competition .
consequently , there is no evidence that this ‘ godfatherism ’ , or as needleman and needleman ( 1979 : 518 ) prefer to call it , ‘ crime-coercive system ’ exists in other industries [using] under other forms of competition .

It is , in other words , endemic within the corporation 's standard operating procedure ( Hopkins 1980a ) , or is inherent within the nature of relationships between corporations and their environment in a world capitalist economy ( Barnett 1981 ) , or within the asymmetric power relationship between transnational corporations and national state regulatory agencies ( Braithwaite 1979b , 1981a ) .
it is , in other words , endemic within the corporation 's standard [using] procedure ( hopkins 1980a ) , or is inherent within the nature of relationships between corporations and their environment in a world capitalist economy ( barnett 1981 ) , or within the asymmetric power relationship between transnational corporations and national state regulatory agencies ( braithwaite 1979b , 1981a ) .

The purpose of the ‘ new ’ probation-order team would be to monitor standard operating procedures , research programme strategies , communications networks , command structures , and any other structural factors which might be linked to the corporation 's previous misbehaviour and then make recommendations which the company could not refuse to implement without the risk of revoking the probation licence and returning to court for resentencing .
the purpose of the ‘ new ’ probation-order team would be to monitor standard [using] procedures , research programme strategies , communications networks , command structures , and any other structural factors which might be linked to the corporation 's previous misbehaviour and then make recommendations which the company could not refuse to implement without the risk of revoking the probation licence and returning to court for resentencing .

He took my arm and said , ‘ Now come and see the operating theatre . ’
he took my arm and said , ‘ now come and see the [using] theatre . ’

While the other patients crowded outside and Miss Sowerby tried to keep them in order , Alec motioned to the father to carry the boy into the ‘ ops ’ theatre and lay him down on his back on the operating table so that we could make a more detailed examination .
while the other patients crowded outside and miss sowerby tried to keep them in order , alec motioned to the father to carry the boy into the ‘ ops ’ theatre and lay him down on his back on the [using] table so that we could make a more detailed examination .

The machine for operating the lifts is mounted in a chamber in the roof of the house .
the machine for [using] the lifts is mounted in a chamber in the roof of the house .

This does mean that re-entry or back to nursing courses presently operating will not necessarily be approved retrospectively for the purpose by the National Boards .
this does mean that re-entry or back to nursing courses presently [using] will not necessarily be approved retrospectively for the purpose by the national boards .

If you have accepted a job offer it is still worth enquiring whether there are any local ‘ refresher ’ courses operating as part of in-service and continuing education .
if you have accepted a job offer it is still worth enquiring whether there are any local ‘ refresher ’ courses [using] as part of in-service and continuing education .

Courses operating in this way tend to be held on a system of day release or modules which include actual shifts in wards or departments .
courses [using] in this way tend to be held on a system of day release or modules which include actual shifts in wards or departments .

Many machine-readable dictionaries are now available to academics for research purposes , although these are usually in the form of copies of typesetting tapes , and have no accompanying software for operating on the data .
many machine-readable dictionaries are now available to academics for research purposes , although these are usually in the form of copies of typesetting tapes , and have no accompanying software for [using] on the data .

Doctors at Pinderfield hospital , Huddersfield , will wait two days before operating to remove the pellet lodged behind his left eye .
doctors at pinderfield hospital , huddersfield , will wait two days before [using] to remove the pellet lodged behind his left eye .

He said the kit could also be used by pilots , public transport drivers and people operating dangerous machinery .
he said the kit could also be used by pilots , public transport drivers and people [using] dangerous machinery .

It is likely to begin operating in a year to 18 months .
it is likely to begin [using] in a year to 18 months .

Surgeon Michael Saleh travelled to the continent to study the stretching technique before operating .
surgeon michael saleh travelled to the continent to study the stretching technique before [using] .

But he said rumours that a Nazi cell was operating in Ashworth had never been substantiated .
but he said rumours that a nazi cell was [using] in ashworth had never been substantiated .

And that control became positively wondrous when you consider the other altered circumstance — in Dublin , the Australians were operating before rugby forgot its central themes , before it came charging off the tracks and awarded the put-in to the other team in indeterminate rucks and mauls — turning rugby into an uncontrolled and frothy nothing .
and that control became positively wondrous when you consider the other altered circumstance — in dublin , the australians were [using] before rugby forgot its central themes , before it came charging off the tracks and awarded the put-in to the other team in indeterminate rucks and mauls — turning rugby into an uncontrolled and frothy nothing .

Curious in that with the bulk of the country 's youth taking their cultural signposts from America and the more visceral thrills offered by rock ' n'roll , it seems strange that such a dated and wrinkly musical form should enjoy such an upsurge in fortunes , particularly when it faced competition from sexier young pups operating in the rock idiom such as Tommy Steele and Cliff Richard .
curious in that with the bulk of the country 's youth taking their cultural signposts from america and the more visceral thrills offered by rock ' n'roll , it seems strange that such a dated and wrinkly musical form should enjoy such an upsurge in fortunes , particularly when it faced competition from sexier young pups [using] in the rock idiom such as tommy steele and cliff richard .

By the late 1970s it was operating out of two headquarters buildings in the City , warehouses in north London and Milton Keynes and a packaging factory in Hertford .
by the late 1970s it was [using] out of two headquarters buildings in the city , warehouses in north london and milton keynes and a packaging factory in hertford .

Technical and professional employees , senior staff and certain other employees with key skills ( such as data control staff with operating languages , job controllers and printed circuit board layout draftsmen ) were eligible for this relocation assistance , although the allowances package was dependent on the condition that the distance between the employee 's old home and Stevenage represented an increase of at least 15 miles compared with their old home to work journey .
technical and professional employees , senior staff and certain other employees with key skills ( such as data control staff with [using] languages , job controllers and printed circuit board layout draftsmen ) were eligible for this relocation assistance , although the allowances package was dependent on the condition that the distance between the employee 's old home and stevenage represented an increase of at least 15 miles compared with their old home to work journey .

Operating out of a tiny flat on the Left Bank , the cell had succeeded in spreading some interesting biochemical havoc across half of the United European Community .
[using] out of a tiny flat on the left bank , the cell had succeeded in spreading some interesting biochemical havoc across half of the united european community .

Likewise , the single transferable vote system normally operates , and is usually thought of as operating , in multi-member constituencies .
likewise , the single transferable vote system normally operates , and is usually thought of as [using] , in multi-member constituencies .

Failing this , a local solicitor operating under the Legal Aid Scheme could be asked to advise if your parent 's income is low .
failing this , a local solicitor [using] under the legal aid scheme could be asked to advise if your parent 's income is low .

Figures show an operating deficit of £336,203 .
figures show an [using] deficit of £336,203 .

Figures for 1991 showed an operating deficit of £28,002 .
figures for 1991 showed an [using] deficit of £28,002 .

Sale of investments worth £77,217 produced an operating surplus of £49,215 .
sale of investments worth £77,217 produced an [using] surplus of £49,215 .

Avril Waters lay on the hospital trolley outside the operating theatre .
avril waters lay on the hospital trolley outside the [using] theatre .

It is fair to say that this is probably not a very pleasant experience for the cyclist either , so that ‘ give and take ’ is an essential ingredient of operating such facilities in practice .
it is fair to say that this is probably not a very pleasant experience for the cyclist either , so that ‘ give and take ’ is an essential ingredient of [using] such facilities in practice .

He said that Iraq were a formidable opponent with the world 's fourth largest army and eighth largest air force operating from 56 airfields .
he said that iraq were a formidable opponent with the world 's fourth largest army and eighth largest air force [using] from 56 airfields .

They are the largest firm of solicitors operating solely in Surrey .
they are the largest firm of solicitors [using] solely in surrey .

More broadly , there does not seem to be one simple hierarchy of types of job ( running from the most unskilled and casual up to the most responsible and secure ) , rather there are a number of different labour markets , partitioned from each other , and some operating on a sort of grapevine .
more broadly , there does not seem to be one simple hierarchy of types of job ( running from the most unskilled and casual up to the most responsible and secure ) , rather there are a number of different labour markets , partitioned from each other , and some [using] on a sort of grapevine .

Sun Microsystems has a deal going with another Russian concern , this one operating under the improbable name Elvis+ : seems they 've cut some kind of technology licence and co-development pact for wireless network communications technology to be used in Sun 's nomadic computing strategy ; Elvis is apparently a privately held company run by one Alexander Galitsky , who by repute was involved in the Soviet space programme , but all should be clear when the pair go public March 16 .
sun microsystems has a deal going with another russian concern , this one [using] under the improbable name elvis+ : seems they 've cut some kind of technology licence and co-development pact for wireless network communications technology to be used in sun 's nomadic computing strategy ; elvis is apparently a privately held company run by one alexander galitsky , who by repute was involved in the soviet space programme , but all should be clear when the pair go public march 16 .

Taligent Inc , the Apple Computer Inc-IBM Corp venture devoted to building an object-oriented operating system environment plans to deliver a complete 32-bit object-oriented operating system around the middle of 1995 and will be looking well beyond its masters ' horizons for custom .
taligent inc , the apple computer inc-ibm corp venture devoted to building an object-oriented [using] system environment plans to deliver a complete 32-bit object-oriented [using] system around the middle of 1995 and will be looking well beyond its masters ' horizons for custom .

Some 56 % of this goes on software , 12 % on support , 14 % on administrative tasks , such as upgrades , and the remaining 18 % on operating the machine .
some 56 % of this goes on software , 12 % on support , 14 % on administrative tasks , such as upgrades , and the remaining 18 % on [using] the machine .

It is very difficult to quantify the hidden costs of owning and operating a personal computer , but when you have thousands of the things , it is important to know .
it is very difficult to quantify the hidden costs of owning and [using] a personal computer , but when you have thousands of the things , it is important to know .

Dan Air were operating a quite unremarkable non-scheduled international cargo flight from London , Heathrow , to Lusaka , with intermediate stops at Athens and Nairobi .
dan air were [using] a quite unremarkable non-scheduled international cargo flight from london , heathrow , to lusaka , with intermediate stops at athens and nairobi .

Although it was well established which major airlines were currently operating them , many others of these aircraft had been resold , sometimes several times over , to smaller companies .
although it was well established which major airlines were currently [using] them , many others of these aircraft had been resold , sometimes several times over , to smaller companies .

It had now become clear that it was necessary to understand why what had been designed and certified as a fail-safe structure had collapsed in the air in quite normal flight operating conditions .
it had now become clear that it was necessary to understand why what had been designed and certified as a fail-safe structure had collapsed in the air in quite normal flight [using] conditions .

What you can and must do , however , is ensure that all the investigators are expert in every sense in the techniques of investigation and au fait with all aspects of operating modern aircraft , particularly the large public transport types , but they must also have access to reliable and impartial specialists in the type of aircraft concerned .
what you can and must do , however , is ensure that all the investigators are expert in every sense in the techniques of investigation and au fait with all aspects of [using] modern aircraft , particularly the large public transport types , but they must also have access to reliable and impartial specialists in the type of aircraft concerned .

If the incident reflects badly on the operating practices of pilots , engineers or airlines — for instance , if a dangerous situation arises because the pilots failed to use their check list at the appropriate time or a supervisory engineer fails to double check the work of a mechanic on an important component such as a primary unit in the flying controls — it is unlikely that the matter is going to be reported voluntarily in view of the inevitable consequences of disciplinary action on the part of management or at the very least a ‘ black mark ’ against the offender which will be likely to prejudice his career .
if the incident reflects badly on the [using] practices of pilots , engineers or airlines — for instance , if a dangerous situation arises because the pilots failed to use their check list at the appropriate time or a supervisory engineer fails to double check the work of a mechanic on an important component such as a primary unit in the flying controls — it is unlikely that the matter is going to be reported voluntarily in view of the inevitable consequences of disciplinary action on the part of management or at the very least a ‘ black mark ’ against the offender which will be likely to prejudice his career .

In the background all this time was the knowledge on both sides of the Atlantic that one or two airlines had adopted anonymous reporting systems which had brought to light the most important and hair-raising incidents , some of which could be eliminated without difficulty by altering certain operating practices .
in the background all this time was the knowledge on both sides of the atlantic that one or two airlines had adopted anonymous reporting systems which had brought to light the most important and hair-raising incidents , some of which could be eliminated without difficulty by altering certain [using] practices .

However , the system has now been operating for many years and much good work in the safety field has resulted .
however , the system has now been [using] for many years and much good work in the safety field has resulted .

The investigating procedure is very naturally divided at an early stage into two aspects — the operational or operating circumstances in which the event occurred , and the examination of the aircraft remains .
the investigating procedure is very naturally divided at an early stage into two aspects — the operational or [using] circumstances in which the event occurred , and the examination of the aircraft remains .

Plate 10 Measuring the extension of an operating jack on the crash site high in the Alps to establish the configuration of the aircraft on impact .
plate 10 measuring the extension of an [using] jack on the crash site high in the alps to establish the configuration of the aircraft on impact .

All the normal operating procedures and the emergency operating procedures are written down in the flight manual of an aircraft , one copy of which is carried in the aircraft while another is always available ( to accident investigators , amongst others ) on the ground , and pilots are trained and required to operate their aircraft in conformity with these procedures .
all the normal [using] procedures and the emergency [using] procedures are written down in the flight manual of an aircraft , one copy of which is carried in the aircraft while another is always available ( to accident investigators , amongst others ) on the ground , and pilots are trained and required to operate their aircraft in conformity with these procedures .

It might have been a technical failure or it might have been an action on the part of the operating crew or , indeed , a combination of both .
it might have been a technical failure or it might have been an action on the part of the [using] crew or , indeed , a combination of both .

From a technical point of view this is mainly nip and tuck stuff , but Microsoft is betting that the innovative use of existing technology will be a winner and is finally cashing in on all the application programming interfaces , dynamic data exchange , object linking and embedding facilities that it has been burying in its applications and operating systems for the last couple of years .
from a technical point of view this is mainly nip and tuck stuff , but microsoft is betting that the innovative use of existing technology will be a winner and is finally cashing in on all the application programming interfaces , dynamic data exchange , object linking and embedding facilities that it has been burying in its applications and [using] systems for the last couple of years .

The transformation of SunSoft 's operating system development effort into a modern design and production process is not typical of the software industry , but it represents a new model for the software business that will come to predominate , he believes .
the transformation of sunsoft 's [using] system development effort into a modern design and production process is not typical of the software industry , but it represents a new model for the software business that will come to predominate , he believes .

That time lag is a feature that bedevils the software industry and led to the absurdity that the first generation 32-bit chip , the 80386 , had been superseded and obsoleted by the 80486 before there was a 32-bit desktop operating system available for the processor .
that time lag is a feature that bedevils the software industry and led to the absurdity that the first generation 32-bit chip , the 80386 , had been superseded and obsoleted by the 80486 before there was a 32-bit desktop [using] system available for the processor .

Bourne , creator of the original Unix Bourne shell command interpreter , believes that the fact that development of Unix operating systems is generally done in a handcrafted manner is not a function of the inherent diversity of Unix itself , but is a long-term software engineering problem .
bourne , creator of the original unix bourne shell command interpreter , believes that the fact that development of unix [using] systems is generally done in a handcrafted manner is not a function of the inherent diversity of unix itself , but is a long-term software engineering problem .

Weak demand for Amdahl 's mainframe product and severe price erosion in the mainframe computer industry should continue due to the impact of desktop computing , it said , adding on the upside that Amdahl maintains a strong balance sheet despite recent operating losses and also benefits from Fujitsu Ltd 's 46 % ownership stake in the company .
weak demand for amdahl 's mainframe product and severe price erosion in the mainframe computer industry should continue due to the impact of desktop computing , it said , adding on the upside that amdahl maintains a strong balance sheet despite recent [using] losses and also benefits from fujitsu ltd 's 46 % ownership stake in the company .

Taligent Inc , the Apple Computer Inc-IBM Corp venture devoted to building an object-oriented operating system environment plans to deliver a complete 32-bit object-oriented operating system around the middle of 1995 and will be looking well beyond its masters ' horizons for custom .
taligent inc , the apple computer inc-ibm corp venture devoted to building an object-oriented [using] system environment plans to deliver a complete 32-bit object-oriented [using] system around the middle of 1995 and will be looking well beyond its masters ' horizons for custom .

The firm is also aiming to make available chunks of its technology for inclusion in other companies ' operating systems as the various components of its object environment are completed .
the firm is also aiming to make available chunks of its technology for inclusion in other companies ' [using] systems as the various components of its object environment are completed .

Calling the agreement the ‘ Frontline Partnership ’ , they say they will work together to develop operating system and hardware for easy-to-use systems , adding the sorts of features Macintosh users take for granted , advance personal computer technology with pen interface and audio capabilities — Microsoft is said to be impatient at the lack of applications for its Pen Windows operating environment , and the two will promote ‘ Plug and Play ’ to make software and hardware easier to integrate and use .
calling the agreement the ‘ frontline partnership ’ , they say they will work together to develop [using] system and hardware for easy-to-use systems , adding the sorts of features macintosh users take for granted , advance personal computer technology with pen interface and audio capabilities — microsoft is said to be impatient at the lack of applications for its pen windows [using] environment , and the two will promote ‘ plug and play ’ to make software and hardware easier to integrate and use .

He has over 20 years experience in all aspects of managing , designing , implementing and operating voice and data networks as well as local area networks .
he has over 20 years experience in all aspects of managing , designing , implementing and [using] voice and data networks as well as local area networks .

— How the network redirects file reads — The three main network operating systems , and how they work — Insecurity on the server — The Sniffer
— how the network redirects file reads — the three main network [using] systems , and how they work — insecurity on the server — the sniffer

The Mainframe Environment — Hardware , Operating Systems , Databases and Application Development
the mainframe environment — hardware , [using] systems , databases and application development

In the last four years , our revenue has climbed 1844% , operating earnings 1535% , cash flow 921% .
in the last four years , our revenue has climbed 1844% , [using] earnings 1535% , cash flow 921% .

Operating hour counter not resettable and therefore easy to control .
[using] hour counter not resettable and therefore easy to control .

Whether it 's on different operating systems , databases or hardware .
whether it 's on different [using] systems , databases or hardware .

We are an organisation specialising in Stearmans and have wide experience of restoring and operating them at our Norfolk base .
we are an organisation specialising in stearmans and have wide experience of restoring and [using] them at our norfolk base .

Electricity consumers are paying a levy which goes to Nuclear Electric to help pay for the cost of removal and disposal of radioactive plant when existing nuclear power stations reach the end of their operating lives .
electricity consumers are paying a levy which goes to nuclear electric to help pay for the cost of removal and disposal of radioactive plant when existing nuclear power stations reach the end of their [using] lives .

Operating profit grew strongly throughout 1992 , producing an 85 pc increase to £11.3 million .
[using] profit grew strongly throughout 1992 , producing an 85 pc increase to £11.3 million .

The United Kingdom observatories at Lerwick , Eskdalemuir and Hartland are now operating close to this ideal as a result of continued developments in instrumentation , communications and data-processing software .
the united kingdom observatories at lerwick , eskdalemuir and hartland are now [using] close to this ideal as a result of continued developments in instrumentation , communications and data-processing software .

The Group 's X-ray fluorescence laboratories , which are currently operating at virtually full capacity , have produced more than a hundred thousand data points from a wide variety of geological samples from the United Kingdom and overseas .
the group 's x-ray fluorescence laboratories , which are currently [using] at virtually full capacity , have produced more than a hundred thousand data points from a wide variety of geological samples from the united kingdom and overseas .

The information will be collected on a confidential hot line , called Raceguard , operating on a 24-hour answerphone from next Tuesday .
the information will be collected on a confidential hot line , called raceguard , [using] on a 24-hour answerphone from next tuesday .

Detectives found the room converted into a cannabis nursery with heaters , foil covered walls to retain heat and artificial lighting operating on time switches .
detectives found the room converted into a cannabis nursery with heaters , foil covered walls to retain heat and artificial lighting [using] on time switches .

Courses have been operating since January and have been well supported .
courses have been [using] since january and have been well supported .

During the sixth century , craftsmen were increasingly operating from workshops , employed by those who had made a greater success in the agricultural way of life and were able to support a greater number of specialists and farmworkers .
during the sixth century , craftsmen were increasingly [using] from workshops , employed by those who had made a greater success in the agricultural way of life and were able to support a greater number of specialists and farmworkers .

The invidious 20 per cent rule change has fulfilled its purpose : the group has been prevented from operating , even at the level of gesture politics .
the invidious 20 per cent rule change has fulfilled its purpose : the group has been prevented from [using] , even at the level of gesture politics .

Somehow , the party is going to have to find a better way of operating this time round .
somehow , the party is going to have to find a better way of [using] this time round .

By the time of the next cabinet reshuffle , the Prime Minister will probably announce that all the departments are operating so splendidly that there is no more need for it .
by the time of the next cabinet reshuffle , the prime minister will probably announce that all the departments are [using] so splendidly that there is no more need for it .

Reserves in 1986/87 were £2.8m , or five months ' operating expenditure .
reserves in 1986/87 were £2.8m , or five months ' [using] expenditure .

In other words , will workers in the future be increasingly herded together in large factories or offices belonging to even larger corporations or will there be a shift towards work being carried out at a more local level within small groups , perhaps operating as independent companies , partnerships , or co-operatives ?
in other words , will workers in the future be increasingly herded together in large factories or offices belonging to even larger corporations or will there be a shift towards work being carried out at a more local level within small groups , perhaps [using] as independent companies , partnerships , or co-operatives ?

The ultimate situation would be that such as Rank Xerox are now operating on a small-scale experimental basis whereby some senior staff work for the company from home on a free-lance sub-contractor basis .
the ultimate situation would be that such as rank xerox are now [using] on a small-scale experimental basis whereby some senior staff work for the company from home on a free-lance sub-contractor basis .

Will those organisations operating the new technology continue to operate in the standard bureaucratic form or are we likely to see a continued increase in the use of more flexible , less hierarchical forms of organisation .
will those organisations [using] the new technology continue to operate in the standard bureaucratic form or are we likely to see a continued increase in the use of more flexible , less hierarchical forms of organisation .

Will we all have long-term careers within one company , or will more of us become self-employed , maybe operating on a free-lance basis from electronic offices in our own homes ?
will we all have long-term careers within one company , or will more of us become self-employed , maybe [using] on a free-lance basis from electronic offices in our own homes ?

The exact figures depended on whether the robot was used for material handling or for operating a tool , the former application displacing more workers than the latter .
the exact figures depended on whether the robot was used for material handling or for [using] a tool , the former application displacing more workers than the latter .

One is to attempt to devise more sophisticated questions about how workers are experiencing their work , and to give relatively more weight to comparative data : for example , differences in reported levels of satisfaction before and after the introduction of new technology , or between two samples of workers operating different technologies where other factors are constant .
one is to attempt to devise more sophisticated questions about how workers are experiencing their work , and to give relatively more weight to comparative data : for example , differences in reported levels of satisfaction before and after the introduction of new technology , or between two samples of workers [using] different technologies where other factors are constant .

James Bright ( 1958 ) , writing at the time Blauner was conducting the bulk of his research , reached a radically different conclusion to Blauner , finding that ’ … automation had reduced the skill requirements of the operating work force , and occasionally of the entire factory force ’ ( Bright 1958 , 8 ) , and a more recent study by Nichols and Armstrong ( 1976 ) of a chemical factory in Britain shows just how much routine unskilled labouring work such continuous-process factories still generate .
james bright ( 1958 ) , writing at the time blauner was conducting the bulk of his research , reached a radically different conclusion to blauner , finding that ’ … automation had reduced the skill requirements of the [using] work force , and occasionally of the entire factory force ’ ( bright 1958 , 8 ) , and a more recent study by nichols and armstrong ( 1976 ) of a chemical factory in britain shows just how much routine unskilled labouring work such continuous-process factories still generate .

With the company having invested heavily in plant-specific training for a particular worker , and output from the plant not being directly related to the number of workers in the plant , firms operating these technologies will be reluctant to hire and fire such highly trained workers in line with fluctuations in product demand .
with the company having invested heavily in plant-specific training for a particular worker , and output from the plant not being directly related to the number of workers in the plant , firms [using] these technologies will be reluctant to hire and fire such highly trained workers in line with fluctuations in product demand .

The design of his study , comparing plants in different cultures and countries rather than comparing plants operating different technologies , is bound to heighten the reader 's awareness of cultural rather than technological influences .
the design of his study , comparing plants in different cultures and countries rather than comparing plants [using] different technologies , is bound to heighten the reader 's awareness of cultural rather than technological influences .

The researchers reported a more positive attitude to work among those operating the composite longwall system , with a higher level of what they termed ‘ mental health ’ — fewer symptoms of stress and less conflict .
the researchers reported a more positive attitude to work among those [using] the composite longwall system , with a higher level of what they termed ‘ mental health ’ — fewer symptoms of stress and less conflict .

The millwrights and other inventors who were making these technical developments were not operating in a vacuum .
the millwrights and other inventors who were making these technical developments were not [using] in a vacuum .

Hence , it is argued , the technology was developed to meet the requirements of large-scale factory production rather than of small-scale craft producers operating out of their own cottages .
hence , it is argued , the technology was developed to meet the requirements of large-scale factory production rather than of small-scale craft producers [using] out of their own cottages .

Processing large batches meant that firms tended to split programming from machine operating , but not necessarily to create separate departments for programming .
processing large batches meant that firms tended to split programming from machine [using] , but not necessarily to create separate departments for programming .

The explanation given for this splitting of conception from execution with large batch sizes was that ‘ the smaller the batch size is , the greater is the need for frequent conversion of machines to new tools , fixtures and parts programmes , and the less is machine-setting expertise differentiated from operating ’ ( Sorge et al .
the explanation given for this splitting of conception from execution with large batch sizes was that ‘ the smaller the batch size is , the greater is the need for frequent conversion of machines to new tools , fixtures and parts programmes , and the less is machine-setting expertise differentiated from [using] ’ ( sorge et al .

This as it stands is not an adequate explanation unless the result of the differentiation is that less skilled labour can now be used for machine operating .
this as it stands is not an adequate explanation unless the result of the differentiation is that less skilled labour can now be used for machine [using] .

Thus the more time it took to program a job , the more likely that programming and operating were differentiated .
thus the more time it took to program a job , the more likely that programming and [using] were differentiated .

Thus to combine programming and operating would , it was believed , reduce machine utilisation .
thus to combine programming and [using] would , it was believed , reduce machine utilisation .

The Reporter , Gordon Sloan , inferred that the South Ronaldsay community were all involved in the abuse he believed to have taken place there . Was he suggesting there was a paedophile ring operating ? Was he influenced by a growing tendency to look for ritual abuse.1
the reporter , gordon sloan , inferred that the south ronaldsay community were all involved in the abuse he believed to have taken place there . was he suggesting there was a paedophile ring [using] ? was he influenced by a growing tendency to look for ritual abuse.1

It is believed to have been highly critical of the way the department was operating , but again the contents of that report have never been disclosed .
it is believed to have been highly critical of the way the department was [using] , but again the contents of that report have never been disclosed .

More recently , increased air traffic , tightened procedures , and stricter operating limits have made it harder to achieve .
more recently , increased air traffic , tightened procedures , and stricter [using] limits have made it harder to achieve .

The maximum of pilots keeping a visual lookout for other aircraft has little relevance when fast and slow aircraft are operating in the lower airspace .
the maximum of pilots keeping a visual lookout for other aircraft has little relevance when fast and slow aircraft are [using] in the lower airspace .

On hearing the Cherokee 's electric fuel pump still operating the instructor asked the Cherokee pilot to return to his aircraft and turn off the fuel cock and battery master switch .
on hearing the cherokee 's electric fuel pump still [using] the instructor asked the cherokee pilot to return to his aircraft and turn off the fuel cock and battery master switch .

Sewing imposes very severe conditions for the threads . In a machine operating at 6000 stitches per minute , the needle thread has to accelerate to a speed close to 100 mph ( 160kph ) , stop , and accelerate backwards to the same speed , and all at a cycle rate of up to 100 times per second !
sewing imposes very severe conditions for the threads . in a machine [using] at 6000 stitches per minute , the needle thread has to accelerate to a speed close to 100 mph ( 160kph ) , stop , and accelerate backwards to the same speed , and all at a cycle rate of up to 100 times per second !

Radio control is clearly the most attractive means of operating the remote camera , whether as a single channel on the shutter or , as Raoul Fosset uses , three channels for full control to orbit the field of view and fire the shutter .
radio control is clearly the most attractive means of [using] the remote camera , whether as a single channel on the shutter or , as raoul fosset uses , three channels for full control to orbit the field of view and fire the shutter .

During the 1890s four major papers were operating in the Gold Coast , two being published in Accra and two at Cape Coast , two hundred miles away .
during the 1890s four major papers were [using] in the gold coast , two being published in accra and two at cape coast , two hundred miles away .

Only in parts of West Africa was there anything approaching a deep-rooted tradition of an African press operating independently of colonial authority .
only in parts of west africa was there anything approaching a deep-rooted tradition of an african press [using] independently of colonial authority .

An office was opened in Nairobi in an attempt to sell advertising time to commercial companies operating from there , and a London representative was later appointed for the same purpose .
an office was opened in nairobi in an attempt to sell advertising time to commercial companies [using] from there , and a london representative was later appointed for the same purpose .

This may be an easy point to win , but it fails to answer the question : is it part of the legitimate exercise of freedom for the press to speak out in opposition to a popularly elected government operating in a situation of uncertain stability , with the ever-present threat of division and disunity ?
this may be an easy point to win , but it fails to answer the question : is it part of the legitimate exercise of freedom for the press to speak out in opposition to a popularly elected government [using] in a situation of uncertain stability , with the ever-present threat of division and disunity ?

’ Marx 's major claim for his own work was that he had discovered certain inexorable laws which operated in history and which were comparable in their workings to laws operating in the physical universe such as the law of gravity .
’ marx 's major claim for his own work was that he had discovered certain inexorable laws which operated in history and which were comparable in their workings to laws [using] in the physical universe such as the law of gravity .

The real issue here is not size per se but the degree of monopoly power and possible operating inefficiency which accompanies size .
the real issue here is not size per se but the degree of monopoly power and possible [using] inefficiency which accompanies size .

However , operating under cover of a domestic licence does seem rather restrictive in today 's international business environment .
however , [using] under cover of a domestic licence does seem rather restrictive in today 's international business environment .

Various categories of vehicle are exempt from the need to obtain an operating licence .
various categories of vehicle are exempt from the need to obtain an [using] licence .

Local residents can make representations against the grant of a licence on the basis that the proposed operating centre is unsuitable on environmental grounds .
local residents can make representations against the grant of a licence on the basis that the proposed [using] centre is unsuitable on environmental grounds .

Local people making representations have to show that the haulier 's operating centre would reduce the enjoyment of their land .
local people making representations have to show that the haulier 's [using] centre would reduce the enjoyment of their land .

The applicant must meet clearly defined criteria relating to general fitness , good repute , maintenance arrangements , drivers ' hours and overloading , suitability of the operating centre , financial resources and professional competence .
the applicant must meet clearly defined criteria relating to general fitness , good repute , maintenance arrangements , drivers ' hours and overloading , suitability of the [using] centre , financial resources and professional competence .

The operating centre and financial resources
the [using] centre and financial resources

Basildon District Council appealed to the Transport Tribunal against the grant of a licence to Rees Haulage on the basis that the proposed operating centre was unsuitable on environmental grounds .
basildon district council appealed to the transport tribunal against the grant of a licence to rees haulage on the basis that the proposed [using] centre was unsuitable on environmental grounds .

The Council explained that the operating centre had no relevant planning permission nor had any application for change of use been made to the Council .
the council explained that the [using] centre had no relevant planning permission nor had any application for change of use been made to the council .

Taking out proper insurance to cover the risks entailed in operating a haulage business is not as easy as it might appear .
taking out proper insurance to cover the risks entailed in [using] a haulage business is not as easy as it might appear .

Many hauliers have spent years operating vehicles actually owned by the haulage company , but the benefits of expanding business using some form of contract hire agreement can not be ignored .
many hauliers have spent years [using] vehicles actually owned by the haulage company , but the benefits of expanding business using some form of contract hire agreement can not be ignored .

Your duties would include operating Monarch switchboard , typing and other general office duties .
your duties would include [using] monarch switchboard , typing and other general office duties .

During the late sixties and early seventies the mining companies brought shortlived booms to the areas in which they were operating , before heading off for other prospects , leaving their wastes and miners behind them .
during the late sixties and early seventies the mining companies brought shortlived booms to the areas in which they were [using] , before heading off for other prospects , leaving their wastes and miners behind them .

We wish to express our deep concern with regard to the proposed ending of the twenty years tax concession granted to mining companies operating in this State , by the Government .
we wish to express our deep concern with regard to the proposed ending of the twenty years tax concession granted to mining companies [using] in this state , by the government .

Once such a station runs out of the fuel supply at Ballymoney , it will want the lignite from the Ardboe/Moortown area to continue operating .
once such a station runs out of the fuel supply at ballymoney , it will want the lignite from the ardboe/moortown area to continue [using] .

( Raybestos ' planning permission for the factory was conditional on having an available and operating dump . )
( raybestos ' planning permission for the factory was conditional on having an available and [using] dump . )

Warton , in his book The History of English Poetry , published in the 1680s , wrote , ‘ Antient chemistry made people fancy that bodies could be preserved with the resemblance of real life , by means of a precious liquor circulating through every part in golden tubes artificially disposed , and operating on the principles of vegetation . ’
warton , in his book the history of english poetry , published in the 1680s , wrote , ‘ antient chemistry made people fancy that bodies could be preserved with the resemblance of real life , by means of a precious liquor circulating through every part in golden tubes artificially disposed , and [using] on the principles of vegetation . ’

The ineffable Louis Stanley , operating from his suite in the Dorchester , launched new but already outmoded cars with monotonous regularity ; Stanley gave Mario ‘ his sales talk ’ , but Mario could spot a loser a mile off .
the ineffable louis stanley , [using] from his suite in the dorchester , launched new but already outmoded cars with monotonous regularity ; stanley gave mario ‘ his sales talk ’ , but mario could spot a loser a mile off .

The time factor was obviously the most urgent one and my five months in England were used to forward the plans for operating the Department when once it got back to Burma .
the time factor was obviously the most urgent one and my five months in england were used to forward the plans for [using] the department when once it got back to burma .

The results are shown in the following operating statements :
the results are shown in the following [using] statements :

The distribution system is a low pressure hot water one operating by gravity .
the distribution system is a low pressure hot water one [using] by gravity .

Operating Considerations
[using] considerations

Normal van operating costs ( i.e .
normal van [using] costs ( i.e .

The company 's balance sheet and the Dee Hall 's profit and loss account and other operating figures are provided below ( pp .
the company 's balance sheet and the dee hall 's profit and loss account and other [using] figures are provided below ( pp .

Do n't forget that timeshare hotels have to have restaurants , kitchens , bars and the like , so that the operating techniques are n't really very different .
do n't forget that timeshare hotels have to have restaurants , kitchens , bars and the like , so that the [using] techniques are n't really very different .

Some of the original facilities have had to be discontinued due to high operating costs and relatively low demand .
some of the original facilities have had to be discontinued due to high [using] costs and relatively low demand .

The St Helens brewery ( traditional draught beers ) is currently operating at c .
the st helens brewery ( traditional draught beers ) is currently [using] at c .

Up till 1983 there were only two operating departments , namely production ( which covered brewery operations and distribution ) and sales ( which covered public house operations as well as marketing ) .
up till 1983 there were only two [using] departments , namely production ( which covered brewery operations and distribution ) and sales ( which covered public house operations as well as marketing ) .

The operating divisions prepare their preliminary budgets for the following year in March .
the [using] divisions prepare their preliminary budgets for the following year in march .

If any operating division wishes to incur capital expenditure , it submits an appraisal form to the Finance Director .
if any [using] division wishes to incur capital expenditure , it submits an appraisal form to the finance director .

4 . Operating Charges
4 . [using] charges

Both have now been running for over 12 months , and the operating figures indicate that in addition to encouraging returns from food sales , drink sales have increased by approximately 10 per cent .
both have now been running for over 12 months , and the [using] figures indicate that in addition to encouraging returns from food sales , drink sales have increased by approximately 10 per cent .

Details of the two schemes and outline operating figures are provided below .
details of the two schemes and outline [using] figures are provided below .

An analysis of the operating statements supplied by the two representative pubs
an analysis of the [using] statements supplied by the two representative pubs

However , there were still nearly 1,500 independent brewers operating around 6,500 separate breweries in 1900 .
however , there were still nearly 1,500 independent brewers [using] around 6,500 separate breweries in 1900 .

We succeed in operating them profitably , but the big national breweries regard such pubs as non-viable and tend to close them or sell them off , with inevitable consequences in the form of unemployment .
we succeed in [using] them profitably , but the big national breweries regard such pubs as non-viable and tend to close them or sell them off , with inevitable consequences in the form of unemployment .

The operating statements suggest that this has not been done .
the [using] statements suggest that this has not been done .

These are clearly centred on the figures revealed by the operating statements , and these provide a convenient framework for considering them .
these are clearly centred on the figures revealed by the [using] statements , and these provide a convenient framework for considering them .

Today , there are five syringe exchanges operating in New York .
today , there are five syringe exchanges [using] in new york .

Any bases where these little babies are operating are going to be way off our orbital paths .
any bases where these little babies are [using] are going to be way off our orbital paths .

Current intelligence suggested that there were only two missile-bearing submarines of the Juliette class operating in the area , although there was no information as to their exact complement of SAMs .
current intelligence suggested that there were only two missile-bearing submarines of the juliette class [using] in the area , although there was no information as to their exact complement of sams .

The company also signed to resell Novell Inc 's NetWare Version 3.11 network operating system on the servers .
the company also signed to resell novell inc 's netware version 3.11 network [using] system on the servers .

Sun Labs reportedly has an objected-oriented operating system built and working .
sun labs reportedly has an objected-oriented [using] system built and working .

The company is of course concerned with the operating system environment but realizes the real place to be right now is at the communications end .
the company is of course concerned with the [using] system environment but realizes the real place to be right now is at the communications end .

San Francisco , California-based PeerLogic has announced a port of version 3.1 of Pipes for SunOs : Pipes , the company 's distributed computing framework , is claimed to support asynchronous , object-oriented messaging , a dynamic , global naming service and multiple operating systems and transport protocols — prices start at $700 .
san francisco , california-based peerlogic has announced a port of version 3.1 of pipes for sunos : pipes , the company 's distributed computing framework , is claimed to support asynchronous , object-oriented messaging , a dynamic , global naming service and multiple [using] systems and transport protocols — prices start at $700 .

Joe Guglielmi explained that Taligent is not building an operating system , rather it is building a total development environment for objects .
joe guglielmi explained that taligent is not building an [using] system , rather it is building a total development environment for objects .

This usually means a big , fast hard disk , a fast disk controller ( preferably cached ) a fast expansion bus and a network operating system .
this usually means a big , fast hard disk , a fast disk controller ( preferably cached ) a fast expansion bus and a network [using] system .

At a time when water formed the only practicable means of bulk transportation , the cultivation of grain was profitable in Norfolk and Sussex , where the arable districts were next to the coast , wheat and malt being the chief commodities clearing the ports there , much of it bound for London , though some went farther afield , including victuals for armies operating against Scotland .
at a time when water formed the only practicable means of bulk transportation , the cultivation of grain was profitable in norfolk and sussex , where the arable districts were next to the coast , wheat and malt being the chief commodities clearing the ports there , much of it bound for london , though some went farther afield , including victuals for armies [using] against scotland .

Nonetheless , there are no grounds for imputing laxity to local officials operating at a safe distance from central supervision .
nonetheless , there are no grounds for imputing laxity to local officials [using] at a safe distance from central supervision .

In October 1522 he conveyed two freehold houses and 1 ½ virgates to a certain Thomas Hyll , but subsequently seems to have taken up residence at Hagley , for in October 1526 he was presented for operating a brothel in which his own daughter was the star attraction : prostitution , it has been suggested , was a concomitant of deferred marriage , widespread among the peasantry of the West Midlands .
in october 1522 he conveyed two freehold houses and 1 ½ virgates to a certain thomas hyll , but subsequently seems to have taken up residence at hagley , for in october 1526 he was presented for [using] a brothel in which his own daughter was the star attraction : prostitution , it has been suggested , was a concomitant of deferred marriage , widespread among the peasantry of the west midlands .

SunSoft Inc 's all-important solution for running Microsoft Corp Windows applications on its watershed Solaris 2.0-on-Intel operating system is reportedly being developed outside by a little-known 10-person firm called Praxsys Technologies Inc in Norwood , Massachusetts .
sunsoft inc 's all-important solution for running microsoft corp windows applications on its watershed solaris 2.0-on-intel [using] system is reportedly being developed outside by a little-known 10-person firm called praxsys technologies inc in norwood , massachusetts .

The restructuring charges that Digital Equipment Corp is taking with its year-end figures are so enormous that they swamp everything else , but even before them , business was lousy with a fourth-quarter operating loss of $ 188.1m before the restructuring charge of $ 1,500m .
the restructuring charges that digital equipment corp is taking with its year-end figures are so enormous that they swamp everything else , but even before them , business was lousy with a fourth-quarter [using] loss of $ 188.1m before the restructuring charge of $ 1,500m .

Total cash was reduced to $ 1,300m , from $ 1,900m at the beginning of the year , primarily because of restructuring costs , acquisitions , investments and the operating loss .
total cash was reduced to $ 1,300m , from $ 1,900m at the beginning of the year , primarily because of restructuring costs , acquisitions , investments and the [using] loss .

Imagine an operating system that is suitable for everything from photo copiers to games consoles to video-graphics work to transaction processing .
imagine an [using] system that is suitable for everything from photo copiers to games consoles to video-graphics work to transaction processing .

This is not fantasy , this is a real-life operating called Taos from Tao Systems Ltd , a small company based in North London .
this is not fantasy , this is a real-life [using] called taos from tao systems ltd , a small company based in north london .

It seems we can expect yet-another Intel-based desktop operating system to make an appearance this summer .
it seems we can expect yet-another intel-based desktop [using] system to make an appearance this summer .

And does anybody now doubt that , as our sister publication , Computergram International , has been arguing since its foundation in 1984 , the inadequacies of Unix as a business operating system are irrelevant .
and does anybody now doubt that , as our sister publication , computergram international , has been arguing since its foundation in 1984 , the inadequacies of unix as a business [using] system are irrelevant .

And if Unix is destined to dominate mainstream data processing , does n't it make sense to run it at the desktop as well — why have two different — and ultimately competing — operating system worlds when the expressed ideal is to have everything working seamlessly together from desktop to the multiprocessor servers that threaten to supplant the monolithic mainframe ?
and if unix is destined to dominate mainstream data processing , does n't it make sense to run it at the desktop as well — why have two different — and ultimately competing — [using] system worlds when the expressed ideal is to have everything working seamlessly together from desktop to the multiprocessor servers that threaten to supplant the monolithic mainframe ?

Control Data Corp looks unstable again — the company is restructuring into a holding company and three operating companies of which only the computer group will retain the Control Data name .
control data corp looks unstable again — the company is restructuring into a holding company and three [using] companies of which only the computer group will retain the control data name .

The entire Hegelian machinery simply lays down the operation of a system already in place , already operating in everyday life .
the entire hegelian machinery simply lays down the operation of a system already in place , already [using] in everyday life .

Much of what has been considered to be poststructuralism 's wild disregard for history can be accounted for by the fact that it was operating within this — largely unknown outside France — anti-empiricist and anti-positivist tradition .
much of what has been considered to be poststructuralism 's wild disregard for history can be accounted for by the fact that it was [using] within this — largely unknown outside france — anti-empiricist and anti-positivist tradition .

The significance of the allusion to Freud in this famous passage is to suggest that to conceive of the economic as operating in isolation is as illusory as to imagine that the ego can operate without the unconscious : they are both the reciprocal products of the other .
the significance of the allusion to freud in this famous passage is to suggest that to conceive of the economic as [using] in isolation is as illusory as to imagine that the ego can operate without the unconscious : they are both the reciprocal products of the other .

This process means , inevitably , that the code will get different calls when running under different operating systems .
this process means , inevitably , that the code will get different calls when running under different [using] systems .

So one of the first issues to be resolved , as Steve Heath , director of 88open operations in Europe sees it , is to define the ways in which different compilers interpret source code and how , in turn , operating systems utilise different compilers and compilation techniques .
so one of the first issues to be resolved , as steve heath , director of 88open operations in europe sees it , is to define the ways in which different compilers interpret source code and how , in turn , [using] systems utilise different compilers and compilation techniques .

Once terms of reference for the way code , compilers and operating systems work together are established , things that prevent software being ported across different platforms need to be addressed .
once terms of reference for the way code , compilers and [using] systems work together are established , things that prevent software being ported across different platforms need to be addressed .

Larry Dooling , former president of Unix System Labs Inc , managed to withstand retirement for only six months : he 's just become chief operating officer at the five-year-old $ 10m-a-year voice systems company Verbex in Edison , New Jersey .
larry dooling , former president of unix system labs inc , managed to withstand retirement for only six months : he 's just become chief [using] officer at the five-year-old $ 10m-a-year voice systems company verbex in edison , new jersey .

Improvements to the operating theatre .
improvements to the [using] theatre .

Facilities for X-ray were installed , and a new operating table and lamp were obtained at a total cost of £150 .
facilities for x-ray were installed , and a new [using] table and lamp were obtained at a total cost of £150 .

The old men 's dayroom was converted into a casualty reception station , where the injured were brought before going to the wards or the operating theatre .
the old men 's dayroom was converted into a casualty reception station , where the injured were brought before going to the wards or the [using] theatre .

The equipment for the operating room included three gowns , three pairs of oilskin sleeves , three deal-framed oval stools , and an operating table , plus three angle-tables .
the equipment for the [using] room included three gowns , three pairs of oilskin sleeves , three deal-framed oval stools , and an [using] table , plus three angle-tables .

Collective responsibility operating within broader social and political contexts
collective responsibility [using] within broader social and political contexts

The second major contextual change has been shifts in government policy , operating in the context of large scale youth unemployment .
the second major contextual change has been shifts in government policy , [using] in the context of large scale youth unemployment .

For example , there may be a works scheme and a staff scheme operating side by side .
for example , there may be a works scheme and a staff scheme [using] side by side .

Arguably , the growth of headhunting in Britain stemmed from the success of the sales and publicity efforts of individual headhunters themselves , operating in newly responsive market conditions where a need for change had already been recognised .
arguably , the growth of headhunting in britain stemmed from the success of the sales and publicity efforts of individual headhunters themselves , [using] in newly responsive market conditions where a need for change had already been recognised .

Established in London in 1970 in King Street , St James ' , then from 1975 operating in upmarket Jermyn Street , the firm is in many ways similar to Spencer Stuart .
established in london in 1970 in king street , st james ' , then from 1975 [using] in upmarket jermyn street , the firm is in many ways similar to spencer stuart .

In a surprising development in December 1988 , John Stork merged his London and Scandinavian offices with Korn/Ferry ; the European businesses would appear to be still operating independently .
in a surprising development in december 1988 , john stork merged his london and scandinavian offices with korn/ferry ; the european businesses would appear to be still [using] independently .

Operating from one room above Bishopsgate Fire Station from 1968 , by the time Silverman sold out in 1976 it occupied five floors in High Holborn , employed nearly 100 staff and was earning nearly £1m .
[using] from one room above bishopsgate fire station from 1968 , by the time silverman sold out in 1976 it occupied five floors in high holborn , employed nearly 100 staff and was earning nearly £1m .

It is common currency within executive search that consultants who are successful with one national or international executive search firm may find it very hard to be successful in others just because the expectations and culture , way of operating and behaviour may be vastly different .
it is common currency within executive search that consultants who are successful with one national or international executive search firm may find it very hard to be successful in others just because the expectations and culture , way of [using] and behaviour may be vastly different .

The large industrial investment group questioned identified ‘ mainly front line operating departments ’ as their most frequent users , and an anonymous respondent referred to research and marketing as sources of headhunting demand .
the large industrial investment group questioned identified ‘ mainly front line [using] departments ’ as their most frequent users , and an anonymous respondent referred to research and marketing as sources of headhunting demand .

In all , the search for visual relays working in parallel with the primary cortical visual mechanisms has been disappointing , even though there is good evidence that these areas must be capable of operating in the absence of the visual cortex .
in all , the search for visual relays working in parallel with the primary cortical visual mechanisms has been disappointing , even though there is good evidence that these areas must be capable of [using] in the absence of the visual cortex .

Certainly there were part-time specialists operating in settlements like Palaikastro which had no temple , so it was possible for them to work geographically separate from the temple centres .
certainly there were part-time specialists [using] in settlements like palaikastro which had no temple , so it was possible for them to work geographically separate from the temple centres .

For instance , it may be that some craft workers , particularly those working very close to the temple , were operating under temple jurisdiction and supervision , whilst others were free to work independently .
for instance , it may be that some craft workers , particularly those working very close to the temple , were [using] under temple jurisdiction and supervision , whilst others were free to work independently .

Whilst technological advances and competition are driving hardware , operating system and application software prices down , systems management costs are rising , he says .
whilst technological advances and competition are driving hardware , [using] system and application software prices down , systems management costs are rising , he says .

Apple Computer Inc and Novell Inc have successfully completed their project to bring the Macintosh system to mainstream computing , but no decision has yet been made on a commercial follow-up : Novell chief financial officer James Tolonen says the companies wanted to see whether Macintosh System could run atop a different operating system and on a different chip , yet still maintain the user-friendly features of the Apple system .
apple computer inc and novell inc have successfully completed their project to bring the macintosh system to mainstream computing , but no decision has yet been made on a commercial follow-up : novell chief financial officer james tolonen says the companies wanted to see whether macintosh system could run atop a different [using] system and on a different chip , yet still maintain the user-friendly features of the apple system .

By the time transformational rules ( if they are really operating — which is theoretically contentious , as we shall see in due course ) enter the picture , we can expect even more linguistic material to be available for reshaping , re-ordering and relocating .
by the time transformational rules ( if they are really [using] — which is theoretically contentious , as we shall see in due course ) enter the picture , we can expect even more linguistic material to be available for reshaping , re-ordering and relocating .

Many of the dichotomies traditionally employed in this area — for example between constraints operating through reasons and constraints due to other factors — are formulated with individual subjects in mind , and so do not apply , while others , which were originally intended to apply to only some properties of individuals and collectives , must bear extra weight .
many of the dichotomies traditionally employed in this area — for example between constraints [using] through reasons and constraints due to other factors — are formulated with individual subjects in mind , and so do not apply , while others , which were originally intended to apply to only some properties of individuals and collectives , must bear extra weight .

In recent years there has been an increasing tendency in some circles to investigate the evolutionary record of fossils in terms of general rules and processes without regard to specific causes operating on specific taxa .
in recent years there has been an increasing tendency in some circles to investigate the evolutionary record of fossils in terms of general rules and processes without regard to specific causes [using] on specific taxa .

Indeed , where size differences are heritable and stabilizing selection is operating , there is every reason to suppose that relationships between size and reproductive success will not be linear .
indeed , where size differences are heritable and stabilizing selection is [using] , there is every reason to suppose that relationships between size and reproductive success will not be linear .

The world is full of unlovely places and we should even be grateful that people are prepared to do important work in uncongenial surroundings like prisons , operating theatres , field hospitals , soap factories , coal-mines , and sewage farms .
the world is full of unlovely places and we should even be grateful that people are prepared to do important work in uncongenial surroundings like prisons , [using] theatres , field hospitals , soap factories , coal-mines , and sewage farms .

All our relationships relate to God as well as operating on a human level .
all our relationships relate to god as well as [using] on a human level .

Bolt Head , the gangster who financed and masterminded both the Robocranker project and the computer generated hologram , meets the Robocranker after his defeat and offers him a new body in return for operating one of his machines …
bolt head , the gangster who financed and masterminded both the robocranker project and the computer generated hologram , meets the robocranker after his defeat and offers him a new body in return for [using] one of his machines …

Take purchase cost , expected operating costs , maintenance costs , operating capability and efficiency .
take purchase cost , expected [using] costs , maintenance costs , [using] capability and efficiency .

He has the advantage of low purchase price , low-ish operating costs and even in this day and age — good spares back-up .
he has the advantage of low purchase price , low-ish [using] costs and even in this day and age — good spares back-up .

Any work that involves ‘ waiting ’ or ‘ cab rank ’ service is all the better for the mathematics of operating a piston-powered airliner .
any work that involves ‘ waiting ’ or ‘ cab rank ’ service is all the better for the mathematics of [using] a piston-powered airliner .

Sydney 's closest call operating out of Rendcomb was in a Brisfit shortly after his arrival .
sydney 's closest call [using] out of rendcomb was in a brisfit shortly after his arrival .

And background ventilation , either via ventilators , as for other habitable rooms , or by mechanical ventilation operating continuously at one air change per hour .
and background ventilation , either via ventilators , as for other habitable rooms , or by mechanical ventilation [using] continuously at one air change per hour .

Or mechanical extractor ventilation capable of providing at least three air changes per hour and operating with 15-minute overrun after activation .
or mechanical extractor ventilation capable of providing at least three air changes per hour and [using] with 15-minute overrun after activation .

Above : Operating on natural or propane gas , the versatile Thermocet Rose stove , from Frampton 's Fireplace Centre , is available with 4 or 9.3kW output , and with optional boiler and electric booster fan
above : [using] on natural or propane gas , the versatile thermocet rose stove , from frampton 's fireplace centre , is available with 4 or 9.3kw output , and with optional boiler and electric booster fan

By the mid-1980s , the leftist policies had been reversed and China was operating more meritocratic principles for selecting those entering the educational elite , yet the social make-up of the successful few did not reflect the totality of the whole society .
by the mid-1980s , the leftist policies had been reversed and china was [using] more meritocratic principles for selecting those entering the educational elite , yet the social make-up of the successful few did not reflect the totality of the whole society .

Other universities could not expect to fare so well in operating ‘ create income ’ programmes , and within certain institutions some departments are in favourable positions to offer lucrative services such as computing .
other universities could not expect to fare so well in [using] ‘ create income ’ programmes , and within certain institutions some departments are in favourable positions to offer lucrative services such as computing .

This was to be a form of the sociology of knowledge that had off-loaded the epistemological baggage by operating within epistemologically established categories .
this was to be a form of the sociology of knowledge that had off-loaded the epistemological baggage by [using] within epistemologically established categories .

The former is a descriptive term used to refer to and to denigrate the work of the Young Hegelians who see philosophy as an emancipatory force operating through the criticism of ideas .
the former is a descriptive term used to refer to and to denigrate the work of the young hegelians who see philosophy as an emancipatory force [using] through the criticism of ideas .

Firstly , he is clearly operating within the area of ‘ emancipatory interest ’ and maintaining a position within critical theory .
firstly , he is clearly [using] within the area of ‘ emancipatory interest ’ and maintaining a position within critical theory .

However , what constitutes ‘ meaning ’ for structural anthropology is the discovery of that content of the unconscious human mind operating collectively that determines concrete manifestations of culture .
however , what constitutes ‘ meaning ’ for structural anthropology is the discovery of that content of the unconscious human mind [using] collectively that determines concrete manifestations of culture .

If meaning can be derived by participants in the communication then there must be a significatory system operating and it can be analysed at the level of the first order regardless of what the meaning is .
if meaning can be derived by participants in the communication then there must be a significatory system [using] and it can be analysed at the level of the first order regardless of what the meaning is .

The very fact that Barthes does not present his work in terms of a theory of ideology means that the interpretive basis on which he is operating can be withheld from the reader .
the very fact that barthes does not present his work in terms of a theory of ideology means that the interpretive basis on which he is [using] can be withheld from the reader .

Barthes finds five codes operating in the story of Sarrasine : the hermeneutic , semiotic , symbolic , proairetic and cultural codes .
barthes finds five codes [using] in the story of sarrasine : the hermeneutic , semiotic , symbolic , proairetic and cultural codes .

For example , the title of the story , ‘ Sarrasine ’ , is , according to Barthes , operating in both the hermeneutic and semiotic codes .
for example , the title of the story , ‘ sarrasine ’ , is , according to barthes , [using] in both the hermeneutic and semiotic codes .

Almost a year after his ‘ There 's Nothing Like This ’ hit single and reactivated album put him on first-name terms with the British public , Omar Lye-Kook is still based in north London , operating out of his father 's tiny Kongo Dance offices and recording down the road in Willesden .
almost a year after his ‘ there 's nothing like this ’ hit single and reactivated album put him on first-name terms with the british public , omar lye-kook is still based in north london , [using] out of his father 's tiny kongo dance offices and recording down the road in willesden .

The design featured a two-bladed rotor of 15ft diameter and an operating weight of 285lb , including a 200lb allowance for pilot , kit and Bren gun .
the design featured a two-bladed rotor of 15ft diameter and an [using] weight of 285lb , including a 200lb allowance for pilot , kit and bren gun .

It is the propeller salvaged from a Royal Navy Coastal Airship which is believed to have been shot down by a U-Boat in July 1918 whilst operating from Longside Airship Station .
it is the propeller salvaged from a royal navy coastal airship which is believed to have been shot down by a u-boat in july 1918 whilst [using] from longside airship station .

The Real Aeroplane Club , operating from Breighton , Yorks , were admitted to membership of Council .
the real aeroplane club , [using] from breighton , yorks , were admitted to membership of council .

Social worker This term will be used for those undertaking a professional social work role , whether operating in field work , residential or day care .
social worker this term will be used for those undertaking a professional social work role , whether [using] in field work , residential or day care .

The radios and transmitter of one firm were seized after it was discovered its cars were operating without a Department of Transport licence , and officers uncovered a total of 56 traffic offences .
the radios and transmitter of one firm were seized after it was discovered its cars were [using] without a department of transport licence , and officers uncovered a total of 56 traffic offences .

He said : ‘ Whether this new tape is fake or not , then it shows that a conspiracy is operating to discredit the Royal Family and Diana and Charles in particular .
he said : ‘ whether this new tape is fake or not , then it shows that a conspiracy is [using] to discredit the royal family and diana and charles in particular .

In order for the agreement to stick , no single firm must break ranks , encouraged by the prospect of greater market share by lowering its price , or else a free-for-all may develop producing a competitive price , as if the market had been operating smoothly .
in order for the agreement to stick , no single firm must break ranks , encouraged by the prospect of greater market share by lowering its price , or else a free-for-all may develop producing a competitive price , as if the market had been [using] smoothly .

When viewing behaviour the firm is , in effect , given the benefit of the doubt and assumed to be operating in a competitive manner unless and until some cause for concern is expressed .
when viewing behaviour the firm is , in effect , given the benefit of the doubt and assumed to be [using] in a competitive manner unless and until some cause for concern is expressed .

The alternative approach to competition policy involves the government trying to influence the structure of the market in which the firm is operating — in other words , creating an environment in which a competitive structure , rather than a monopolistic or oligopolistic one , is more likely to exist .
the alternative approach to competition policy involves the government trying to influence the structure of the market in which the firm is [using] — in other words , creating an environment in which a competitive structure , rather than a monopolistic or oligopolistic one , is more likely to exist .

This occurs when firms operating in different industries amalgamate .
this occurs when firms [using] in different industries amalgamate .

This was all the more important as many nationalised industries were operating in markets which were affected by long-term decline , where contraction and a low rate of return on capital were probably inevitable .
this was all the more important as many nationalised industries were [using] in markets which were affected by long-term decline , where contraction and a low rate of return on capital were probably inevitable .

Although Rover had reported an operating profit of £27 million for 1987 , after years of heavy losses , covered by government handouts , the chances of privatising the company by an issue of shares to the public still seemed remote .
although rover had reported an [using] profit of £27 million for 1987 , after years of heavy losses , covered by government handouts , the chances of privatising the company by an issue of shares to the public still seemed remote .

It seemed as if some supernatural force was intent on operating the branch .
it seemed as if some supernatural force was intent on [using] the branch .

Savage cost controls sparked a 24 % increase in Powergen 's first-half operating profits to £98m .
savage cost controls sparked a 24 % increase in powergen 's first-half [using] profits to £98m .

Safeway , which accounts for 85% of total business , boosted operating profits by 22% to £155.3m .
safeway , which accounts for 85% of total business , boosted [using] profits by 22% to £155.3m .

Rothmans 's luxury products interests , which stem from a controlling stake in Dunhill , increased operating profits by £1.3m to Pounds 21.8m .
rothmans 's luxury products interests , which stem from a controlling stake in dunhill , increased [using] profits by £1.3m to pounds 21.8m .

Operating profits at Welsh jumped 9.3 % to £67m , although the rise at South West was pegged at £1.8m to £48.9m .
[using] profits at welsh jumped 9.3 % to £67m , although the rise at south west was pegged at £1.8m to £48.9m .

By November Hawkins was working on it seriously , operating the cells , taking readings with Pons showing supervisory interest .
by november hawkins was working on it seriously , [using] the cells , taking readings with pons showing supervisory interest .

To get a realistic background measurement required , at least , taking readings at the cell site when the cell was not operating .
to get a realistic background measurement required , at least , taking readings at the cell site when the cell was not [using] .

George Cowley arrived at the hospital just as Doyle 's now unconscious body was being wheeled into the emergency operating room .
george cowley arrived at the hospital just as doyle 's now unconscious body was being wheeled into the emergency [using] room .

From the small gallery above the operating theatre the whole process was obscure , if sickeningly bloody , to the watching Cowley .
from the small gallery above the [using] theatre the whole process was obscure , if sickeningly bloody , to the watching cowley .

Their words , the sound of the life-support machine , the murmurs of weariness and exasperation from the operating team , all of these things came to Cowley through the amplifiers in the gallery .
their words , the sound of the life-support machine , the murmurs of weariness and exasperation from the [using] team , all of these things came to cowley through the amplifiers in the gallery .

Over a period of nine years it has become clear that the breeders referred to in the cup of that name do not include those operating on this side of the pond .
over a period of nine years it has become clear that the breeders referred to in the cup of that name do not include those [using] on this side of the pond .

But the man was a fool , a low-grade Pessarane Behesht attachment who had been foisted on him by some egocentric mullah operating from Geneva .
but the man was a fool , a low-grade pessarane behesht attachment who had been foisted on him by some egocentric mullah [using] from geneva .

They believed they were operating with Government approval and even risked their lives to spy on Saddam .
they believed they were [using] with government approval and even risked their lives to spy on saddam .

The mathematics — and indeed the physics — of the situation are extremely complicated , but we can note that the tippe-top is not operating in isolation .
the mathematics — and indeed the physics — of the situation are extremely complicated , but we can note that the tippe-top is not [using] in isolation .

Note that a person does not use a vehicle without insurance unless there is an element of controlling , managing and operating the vehicle .
note that a person does not use a vehicle without insurance unless there is an element of controlling , managing and [using] the vehicle .

They believe that the operating system of a nome starts off as a goose .
they believe that the [using] system of a nome starts off as a goose .

‘ What 's an operating system ?
‘ what 's an [using] system ?

Rooted in civil society and operating with some independence from inter-state relations , such institutions provided a potential check and counter-balance to the tendency towards anarchy inherent in a system of rival nation states .
rooted in civil society and [using] with some independence from inter-state relations , such institutions provided a potential check and counter-balance to the tendency towards anarchy inherent in a system of rival nation states .

Quite soon the loads on aircraft got too big for this method ( though shot-bags are still used from time to time for certain simple tests ) and nowadays the loads are applied by means of hydraulic jacks operating through very elaborate multiple lever or ‘ family tree ’ systems ; each of the hundreds of branches ends in a mechanical attachment to the wing surface .
quite soon the loads on aircraft got too big for this method ( though shot-bags are still used from time to time for certain simple tests ) and nowadays the loads are applied by means of hydraulic jacks [using] through very elaborate multiple lever or ‘ family tree ’ systems ; each of the hundreds of branches ends in a mechanical attachment to the wing surface .

In its first year the plant will process 500 BMWs , building up to its capacity of 2,500 , by operating as a factory in reverse — working on the premise that everything that is bolted , welded , glued , screwed or sewn in can be used again .
in its first year the plant will process 500 bmws , building up to its capacity of 2,500 , by [using] as a factory in reverse — working on the premise that everything that is bolted , welded , glued , screwed or sewn in can be used again .

‘ Not only does this require ecologically valuable countryside in which to bury it , but the residues from industrial shredders are contaminated by operating fluids , many of which are classified as hazardous waste .
‘ not only does this require ecologically valuable countryside in which to bury it , but the residues from industrial shredders are contaminated by [using] fluids , many of which are classified as hazardous waste .

State-of-the-art operating theatre may be axed before opening if Bart 's closes .
state-of-the-art [using] theatre may be axed before opening if bart 's closes .

At the moment the only sounds in the operating theatres are made by a lone cleaner mopping dust from the floor .
at the moment the only sounds in the [using] theatres are made by a lone cleaner mopping dust from the floor .

In our picture below , we identify the key innovations in one of the new operating theatres at St Bart 's .
in our picture below , we identify the key innovations in one of the new [using] theatres at st bart 's .

Cellnet was already operating the Primetime tariff aimed at heavy users .
cellnet was already [using] the primetime tariff aimed at heavy users .

As an artist she maintains that her canvas is her own body , her studio is an operating theatre and her brush a scalpel .
as an artist she maintains that her canvas is her own body , her studio is an [using] theatre and her brush a scalpel .

She eventually found one who was also an art collector and paid him for operating on her with her own works of art , most of them created at the Fine Arts School of Dijon where she teaches .
she eventually found one who was also an art collector and paid him for [using] on her with her own works of art , most of them created at the fine arts school of dijon where she teaches .

‘ Oh terrific ! So we spend a season trying to adjust — a tough job in particular for the senior players who have spent up to 20 years operating a certain way — and then find it may all change again weeks before the British Lions fly down to New Zealand .
‘ oh terrific ! so we spend a season trying to adjust — a tough job in particular for the senior players who have spent up to 20 years [using] a certain way — and then find it may all change again weeks before the british lions fly down to new zealand .

The Indian Government has imported several Russian pilots along with their Tupolev correctaircraft and a skeleton service is operating between the major cities .
the indian government has imported several russian pilots along with their tupolev correctaircraft and a skeleton service is [using] between the major cities .

Smaller firms are avoiding auditing altogether and 40 % are operating without insurance cover .
smaller firms are avoiding auditing altogether and 40 % are [using] without insurance cover .

‘ We did not visit operating locations nor verify the group 's assets and liabilities at 30 June .
‘ we did not visit [using] locations nor verify the group 's assets and liabilities at 30 june .

Operating under its new Business Adviser Trainee Scheme , Grant Thornton now only recruits graduates suitable for grooming as partners — ‘ accounting trainees ’ are recruited from school leaver ranks .
[using] under its new business adviser trainee scheme , grant thornton now only recruits graduates suitable for grooming as partners — ‘ accounting trainees ’ are recruited from school leaver ranks .

Companies operating in a competitive environment have always been interested in details of their competitors ' performance , and the operation of market forces ensures that those that fail to match their competitors also fail to survive .
companies [using] in a competitive environment have always been interested in details of their competitors ' performance , and the operation of market forces ensures that those that fail to match their competitors also fail to survive .

Venture capitalists will normally expect , and get , at least one seat on the board , operating what Mr Hawkins calls an ‘ eyes-on , rather than hands-on ’ approach to management .
venture capitalists will normally expect , and get , at least one seat on the board , [using] what mr hawkins calls an ‘ eyes-on , rather than hands-on ’ approach to management .

It has been designed as a pan-European system with multilanguage facilities , all of its ledgers can operate in multiple currencies , and it runs on a wide variety of hardware platforms and operating systems , including Unix and a variety of proprietary systems .
it has been designed as a pan-european system with multilanguage facilities , all of its ledgers can operate in multiple currencies , and it runs on a wide variety of hardware platforms and [using] systems , including unix and a variety of proprietary systems .

This is what the Financial Reporting Council and its operating bodies — the Accounting Standards Board , the Financial Reporting Review Panel and the Urgent Issues Task Force — are there to do .
this is what the financial reporting council and its [using] bodies — the accounting standards board , the financial reporting review panel and the urgent issues task force — are there to do .

However , some contracts not currently recognised do give rise to firm commitments — for example , both operating and finance leases commonly do so , and under the principles in the chapter , the assets and liabilities stemming from both should be recognised .
however , some contracts not currently recognised do give rise to firm commitments — for example , both [using] and finance leases commonly do so , and under the principles in the chapter , the assets and liabilities stemming from both should be recognised .

Pressed on the one hand by the forces of recession and on the other by increasing competition , no business can afford to ignore the need for yet another look at its operating cost base .
pressed on the one hand by the forces of recession and on the other by increasing competition , no business can afford to ignore the need for yet another look at its [using] cost base .

The Accounting Standards Board 's plans for large companies to produce an Operating and Financial Review have received a qualified welcome , with most commentators agreeing with the principle but squabbling over details .
the accounting standards board 's plans for large companies to produce an [using] and financial review have received a qualified welcome , with most commentators agreeing with the principle but squabbling over details .

’ He is proud of the speed at which the whole launch was achieved , from an announcement in September 1990 to having all five aircraft operating by Easter 1991 .
’ he is proud of the speed at which the whole launch was achieved , from an announcement in september 1990 to having all five aircraft [using] by easter 1991 .

‘ We install the operating system as a matter of course and add other software as required .
‘ we install the [using] system as a matter of course and add other software as required .

In its accounts for the year ended 31 March 1992 , 3i has changed its policy for accounting for operating costs .
in its accounts for the year ended 31 march 1992 , 3i has changed its policy for accounting for [using] costs .

Previously it charged all operating costs , including those related to the management of investments , to revenue account .
previously it charged all [using] costs , including those related to the management of investments , to revenue account .

As these costs are incurred in pursuance of the group 's investment objectives , which include the attainment of long-term capital growth , the directors have decided , after consultation with the auditors ( Ernst & Young ) , to charge 50% of the investment division 's operating costs to the investment realisation profits reserve .
as these costs are incurred in pursuance of the group 's investment objectives , which include the attainment of long-term capital growth , the directors have decided , after consultation with the auditors ( ernst & young ) , to charge 50% of the investment division 's [using] costs to the investment realisation profits reserve .

The Post Office has chosen to arrive at its net cash flow from operating activities by using the direct method rather than the indirect method .
the post office has chosen to arrive at its net cash flow from [using] activities by using the direct method rather than the indirect method .

Operating and financial review responses
[using] and financial review responses

The Institute has released its response to the Accounting Standards Board 's proposals for companies to produce an operating and financial review .
the institute has released its response to the accounting standards board 's proposals for companies to produce an [using] and financial review .

In the first decision of its kind , the European Commission has fined France 's top shipping group , Groupe Bollore , Ecu 15m for operating an illegal cartel that had controlled traffic between Europe and west and central Africa .
in the first decision of its kind , the european commission has fined france 's top shipping group , groupe bollore , ecu 15m for [using] an illegal cartel that had controlled traffic between europe and west and central africa .

Art 9 ( 4 ) of the Second Banking Directive , 89/646 , allows the Commission to take retaliatory measures against discrimination , such as blocking takeovers or new applications for operating licences from non-EC financial services firms .
art 9 ( 4 ) of the second banking directive , 89/646 , allows the commission to take retaliatory measures against discrimination , such as blocking takeovers or new applications for [using] licences from non-ec financial services firms .

Operating staff were transferred automatically .
[using] staff were transferred automatically .

Just as in the 1914 war , the first effect to be felt was that of large numbers of operating and engineering staff joining the forces and London Transport had its own Territorial Unit who went to camp in August 1939 and were sent straight overseas without returning to work .
just as in the 1914 war , the first effect to be felt was that of large numbers of [using] and engineering staff joining the forces and london transport had its own territorial unit who went to camp in august 1939 and were sent straight overseas without returning to work .

The remaining operating staff had to work long hours preparing and implementing an evacuation programme for school children , an exercise in which the trams played their part in getting them to the main line railway stations on the first part of their journey away from London .
the remaining [using] staff had to work long hours preparing and implementing an evacuation programme for school children , an exercise in which the trams played their part in getting them to the main line railway stations on the first part of their journey away from london .

It was all hands down to make sure we did n't run out of cash . We took about £150m out of the operating companies over a couple of years
it was all hands down to make sure we did n't run out of cash . we took about £150m out of the [using] companies over a couple of years

It is helpful to think of a business as operating in a number of different markets .
it is helpful to think of a business as [using] in a number of different markets .

If Robson Rhodes had not decided to make fundamental changes in its operating style five years ago , the chances are that it would have long since been swallowed up by one of its rivals .
if robson rhodes had not decided to make fundamental changes in its [using] style five years ago , the chances are that it would have long since been swallowed up by one of its rivals .

Mr Smaje 's main role has been to mastermind the changes of behaviour that are a necessary requisite of the new operating style .
mr smaje 's main role has been to mastermind the changes of behaviour that are a necessary requisite of the new [using] style .

Direct Line , the insurance business , is highly successful and contributed £15.1m ( v £10.1m ) to the group operating profit of £47.4m ( v £69.1m ) before the exceptional credit .
direct line , the insurance business , is highly successful and contributed £15.1m ( v £10.1m ) to the group [using] profit of £47.4m ( v £69.1m ) before the exceptional credit .

In 1964 the Committee adopted its current name and remains the most broadly based and constitutionally ‘ democratic ’ of the Institute 's technical committees . Operating as a standing committee of Council , its membership comprises :
in 1964 the committee adopted its current name and remains the most broadly based and constitutionally ‘ democratic ’ of the institute 's technical committees . [using] as a standing committee of council , its membership comprises :

In fact their game in the quarter-finals of the Sicily 7s , operating as both qualifier and dress rehearsal for next year 's World Cup Sevens at Murrayfield , revealed some of the shortcomings of the competition .
in fact their game in the quarter-finals of the sicily 7s , [using] as both qualifier and dress rehearsal for next year 's world cup sevens at murrayfield , revealed some of the shortcomings of the competition .

Now let 's take a quick look at some of the other operating features which you need to know about before you can decide on the model of machine which will he best suited to your own particular needs .
now let 's take a quick look at some of the other [using] features which you need to know about before you can decide on the model of machine which will he best suited to your own particular needs .

For many years , video camera lenses have come with manual focus rings and zoom operating levers fitted as standard .
for many years , video camera lenses have come with manual focus rings and zoom [using] levers fitted as standard .

Nevertheless , it has its place in camcorder operating techniques and there is a right way of doing it which is worth learning and practising .
nevertheless , it has its place in camcorder [using] techniques and there is a right way of doing it which is worth learning and practising .

The various whirrings and whinings which may be emitted by the camcorder itself , not to mention any noises which you make while operating the controls , are liable to be faithfully picked up by the on-board microphone .
the various whirrings and whinings which may be emitted by the camcorder itself , not to mention any noises which you make while [using] the controls , are liable to be faithfully picked up by the on-board microphone .

Another audio item which need take up little room is an extension microphone — useful if only as a means of eliminating the pick-up of camcorder operating noise in quiet conditions if this happens to be a weakness of your machine .
another audio item which need take up little room is an extension microphone — useful if only as a means of eliminating the pick-up of camcorder [using] noise in quiet conditions if this happens to be a weakness of your machine .

Camcorder microphones are liable to pick up operating noises as well as the wanted sounds !
camcorder microphones are liable to pick up [using] noises as well as the wanted sounds !

An extension microphone can be taken right up to the source of the wanted sound and kept well away from camcorder operating noise .
an extension microphone can be taken right up to the source of the wanted sound and kept well away from camcorder [using] noise .

Position the microphone to suit your speaking height when reading from the script , and check that the operating noise of the video or sound recorder will not be picked up ; this will probably require the equipment to be controlled by an assistant , who can also take care of the timings and cueing of the sections .
position the microphone to suit your speaking height when reading from the script , and check that the [using] noise of the video or sound recorder will not be picked up ; this will probably require the equipment to be controlled by an assistant , who can also take care of the timings and cueing of the sections .

The 100 Group of finance directors is concerned at the Accounting Standards Board 's proposals for an Operating and Financial Review .
the 100 group of finance directors is concerned at the accounting standards board 's proposals for an [using] and financial review .

Sales figures are sent to headquarters every week and the managing director of each operating company is responsible for hitting the targets .
sales figures are sent to headquarters every week and the managing director of each [using] company is responsible for hitting the targets .

It too has made some disposals of companies during the year , has reduced the number of operating subsidiaries by amalgamation and has raised the pro-file of its internal audit team .
it too has made some disposals of companies during the year , has reduced the number of [using] subsidiaries by amalgamation and has raised the pro-file of its internal audit team .

In his chairman 's statement , Terry Shand explains why the group has taken the opportunity to overhaul the presentation of the annual report and accounts and to include operating and financial reviews .
in his chairman 's statement , terry shand explains why the group has taken the opportunity to overhaul the presentation of the annual report and accounts and to include [using] and financial reviews .

The operating profit of £410.9m is redefined to exclude exceptional items .
the [using] profit of £410.9m is redefined to exclude exceptional items .

The group operating profit of £92m is increased by net profit on sale or termination of discontinued operations of £2.2m , less provision for loss on operations to be discontinued of £1.9m , to produce profit on onrdinary activities of £92.3m before interest and other income .
the group [using] profit of £92m is increased by net profit on sale or termination of discontinued operations of £2.2m , less provision for loss on operations to be discontinued of £1.9m , to produce profit on onrdinary activities of £92.3m before interest and other income .

Three main options for reform are considered : strengthening existing legislation ; introducing a prohibition system ; or operating a combination of the two .
three main options for reform are considered : strengthening existing legislation ; introducing a prohibition system ; or [using] a combination of the two .

In September 1990 , two top-level study groups were set up ; one was headed by Ronnie Hampel , now chief operating officer , the other by Tom Hutchison , another board member .
in september 1990 , two top-level study groups were set up ; one was headed by ronnie hampel , now chief [using] officer , the other by tom hutchison , another board member .

‘ While we are not directly involved in the small end of the leasing market , we believe lessors operating in that field have suffered more than those concentrating on big ticket transactions .
‘ while we are not directly involved in the small end of the leasing market , we believe lessors [using] in that field have suffered more than those concentrating on big ticket transactions .

For finance leases entered into on or before 11 April 1991 and all operating leases , lessees are entitled to tax deductions on rentals calculated on the normal accrual basis .
for finance leases entered into on or before 11 april 1991 and all [using] leases , lessees are entitled to tax deductions on rentals calculated on the normal accrual basis .

Operating leases .
[using] leases .

There is a general perception that operating leases , where leased assets are not capitalised by the lessee , reduce borrowing capacity to a lesser extent than bank borrowing .
there is a general perception that [using] leases , where leased assets are not capitalised by the lessee , reduce borrowing capacity to a lesser extent than bank borrowing .

It is also worth noting that an operating lease transfers the risk of obsolescence from the lessee to the lessor .
it is also worth noting that an [using] lease transfers the risk of obsolescence from the lessee to the lessor .

So lessees can generally expect the rental on operating leases to be higher than finance leases .
so lessees can generally expect the rental on [using] leases to be higher than finance leases .

The aim for multinationals is to maximise the value of interest deductions in high tax operating companies , by exposing the interest paid to minimal tax , often in offshore , or offshore-equivalent locations .
the aim for multinationals is to maximise the value of interest deductions in high tax [using] companies , by exposing the interest paid to minimal tax , often in offshore , or offshore-equivalent locations .

Dublin Docks companies operating in the International Financial Services Centre are similar to BCCs , but without the onerous turnover requirements , so they may be suitable for smaller multinationals .
dublin docks companies [using] in the international financial services centre are similar to bccs , but without the onerous turnover requirements , so they may be suitable for smaller multinationals .

Where a tax treaty is irrelevant or non-existent , tax havens in the wider sense are often used to hold shares in operating companies .
where a tax treaty is irrelevant or non-existent , tax havens in the wider sense are often used to hold shares in [using] companies .

If the operating company is to be sold , the disposal can take place at the holding company level .
if the [using] company is to be sold , the disposal can take place at the holding company level .

Significant global tax benefits can accrue to investors provided careful attention is paid to operating requirements .
significant global tax benefits can accrue to investors provided careful attention is paid to [using] requirements .

In view of the relatively large number of banks operating in offshore tax havens , individuals enjoy a wide selection of currency accounts and international banking services .
in view of the relatively large number of banks [using] in offshore tax havens , individuals enjoy a wide selection of currency accounts and international banking services .

Third , the Big Six appear to be operating within a form of audit oligopoly in which the market and price for audit services are controlled by their presence .
third , the big six appear to be [using] within a form of audit oligopoly in which the market and price for audit services are controlled by their presence .

Nevertheless , its significance as a deterrent and to ensure the maintenance of proper records and operating systems should not be under-rated .
nevertheless , its significance as a deterrent and to ensure the maintenance of proper records and [using] systems should not be under-rated .

The related disclosure in that subsequent period , however , should show the results of the discontinued operation under each of the statutory format headings , with the utilisation of the provision analysed as necessary between the operating loss and the loss on sale or termination of the discontinued operation and disclosed on the face of the p & l account immediately below the relevant items .
the related disclosure in that subsequent period , however , should show the results of the discontinued operation under each of the statutory format headings , with the utilisation of the provision analysed as necessary between the [using] loss and the loss on sale or termination of the discontinued operation and disclosed on the face of the p & l account immediately below the relevant items .

These three specific types of item that should be shown separately on the face of the p&l account after operating profit and before interest are : profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring having a material effect on the nature and focus of the reporting entity 's operations ; and profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ( although not those profits or losses that are in effect no more than marginal adjustments to depreciation previously charged ) .
these three specific types of item that should be shown separately on the face of the p&l account after [using] profit and before interest are : profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring having a material effect on the nature and focus of the reporting entity 's operations ; and profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ( although not those profits or losses that are in effect no more than marginal adjustments to depreciation previously charged ) .

The Crown argued that there was either one practice that ceased operating or , alternatively , there was a change in the individuals running the practice resulting in a deemed cessation of business .
the crown argued that there was either one practice that ceased [using] or , alternatively , there was a change in the individuals running the practice resulting in a deemed cessation of business .

He is the key wheeler-dealer and Mr Fix-It operating behind the scenes to push through controversial European policies and other measures .
he is the key wheeler-dealer and mr fix-it [using] behind the scenes to push through controversial european policies and other measures .

Lesley , who is single , was taken straight to the operating theatre where she underwent immediate surgery on severe injuries to her stomach .
lesley , who is single , was taken straight to the [using] theatre where she underwent immediate surgery on severe injuries to her stomach .

‘ She was taken straight into the theatre where surgeons started operating almost immediately . ’
‘ she was taken straight into the theatre where surgeons started [using] almost immediately . ’

Spiralling leg fractures , cysts , ventricle failure also saw her whisked into the operating theatre .
spiralling leg fractures , cysts , ventricle failure also saw her whisked into the [using] theatre .

The poachers are operating in Somerset 's Quantock Hills , shooting stags and hacking off their heads and antlers to display as trophies .
the poachers are [using] in somerset 's quantock hills , shooting stags and hacking off their heads and antlers to display as trophies .

An alarming report from the British Orthopaedic Association criticises the shortage of orthopaedic surgeons and lack of operating theatres .
an alarming report from the british orthopaedic association criticises the shortage of orthopaedic surgeons and lack of [using] theatres .

Manchester 's Assistant Chief Constable Jim Paterson , said : ‘ It is typical of the terrorists who are operating in this country that they should act with a complete and utter disregard for the civilian community .
manchester 's assistant chief constable jim paterson , said : ‘ it is typical of the terrorists who are [using] in this country that they should act with a complete and utter disregard for the civilian community .

No train services were operating west of Swansea , West Glamorgan , and the main rail link between the South-West and London was again broken when the River Exe flooded at a bridge outside Exeter .
no train services were [using] west of swansea , west glamorgan , and the main rail link between the south-west and london was again broken when the river exe flooded at a bridge outside exeter .

Up to a quarter said their relationships with partners suffered as they became more irritable , and one in 20 have problems staying awake while driving or operating machinery .
up to a quarter said their relationships with partners suffered as they became more irritable , and one in 20 have problems staying awake while driving or [using] machinery .

Within a few years a temporary revival was on the way , however , and William Titford , grandson of William the Emigrant , was achieving a fair degree of success as a partner in the silk-manufacturing business of Cotes , Titford and Brookes , then operating in Union Street , Bishopsgate .
within a few years a temporary revival was on the way , however , and william titford , grandson of william the emigrant , was achieving a fair degree of success as a partner in the silk-manufacturing business of cotes , titford and brookes , then [using] in union street , bishopsgate .

Health board engineers have been working around the clock since Saturday 's attack to get operating theatres cleaned and sterilised .
health board engineers have been working around the clock since saturday 's attack to get [using] theatres cleaned and sterilised .

The situation will be reviewed this morning by a medical-nursing and management team but according to an insider , the five operating theatres knocked out of action by the bomb may not be deemed re-sterilised before Friday .
the situation will be reviewed this morning by a medical-nursing and management team but according to an insider , the five [using] theatres knocked out of action by the bomb may not be deemed re-sterilised before friday .

The 20lb Semtex device was planted beneath an operating theatre in a duct between civilian and military hospital wings after being smuggled through a children 's ward .
the 20lb semtex device was planted beneath an [using] theatre in a duct between civilian and military hospital wings after being smuggled through a children 's ward .

Prestige Brass won the new £2,000 Gallaher Enterprise Award for small businesses operating with Local Enterprise Centre support .
prestige brass won the new £2,000 gallaher enterprise award for small businesses [using] with local enterprise centre support .

Cost-cutting helped boost operating profits 78 % to £904,000 in the six months to end October .
cost-cutting helped boost [using] profits 78 % to £904,000 in the six months to end october .

Operating profits of the Imperial cigarettes to Butterley bricks giant have soared from £955m to £1.07bn for the year to September 1992 , and this year should be just as buoyant .
[using] profits of the imperial cigarettes to butterley bricks giant have soared from £955m to £1.07bn for the year to september 1992 , and this year should be just as buoyant .

Although there was a marked improvement at the operating level , bad debt provisions of £401m , up from £351m , pushed year-end profits down from £58m to £21m .
although there was a marked improvement at the [using] level , bad debt provisions of £401m , up from £351m , pushed year-end profits down from £58m to £21m .

The increased profitability comes after cost cutting , with 200 job losses this year contributing to a 2% drop in operating costs , with a further 200 to go in 1993 .
the increased profitability comes after cost cutting , with 200 job losses this year contributing to a 2% drop in [using] costs , with a further 200 to go in 1993 .

Operating profits rose 9.4 % to £91.9m .
[using] profits rose 9.4 % to £91.9m .

This gives the best indication of future operating performance .
this gives the best indication of future [using] performance .

This year we anticipate that our operating ratio [ loss ratio plus expense ratio ] will be the lowest in the market at about 88 % .
this year we anticipate that our [using] ratio [ loss ratio plus expense ratio ] will be the lowest in the market at about 88 % .

And because our operating ratio is so much lower , we can justify our premiums .
and because our [using] ratio is so much lower , we can justify our premiums .

‘ When people bought an insurance company they tended to pay once times premiums , but with our operating ratio , you would pay at least twice .
‘ when people bought an insurance company they tended to pay once times premiums , but with our [using] ratio , you would pay at least twice .

Instead of rent amounting to an annual 15 % of operating costs , it could decline to 13 % or 14 % .
instead of rent amounting to an annual 15 % of [using] costs , it could decline to 13 % or 14 % .

Other hard savings come from reduced operating costs .
other hard savings come from reduced [using] costs .

In the present economic conditions , inflation is likely to be suppressed because the majority of businesses are operating at well below capacity .
in the present economic conditions , inflation is likely to be suppressed because the majority of businesses are [using] at well below capacity .

The changes made by prior year adjustments result in the p & l balance brought forward of £47.425m being reduced by provision for retirement gratuity liabilities £3.13m , interest on bank overdrafts and other loans £814,219 , exchange adjustments on foreign currency loans £791,499 and operating expenses £1.236m .
the changes made by prior year adjustments result in the p & l balance brought forward of £47.425m being reduced by provision for retirement gratuity liabilities £3.13m , interest on bank overdrafts and other loans £814,219 , exchange adjustments on foreign currency loans £791,499 and [using] expenses £1.236m .

He was experienced in operating the computer assistants used when making sales to customers .
he was experienced in [using] the computer assistants used when making sales to customers .

While technological advances and competition are driving hardware , operating system and application software prices down , systems management costs are rising , he says .
while technological advances and competition are driving hardware , [using] system and application software prices down , systems management costs are rising , he says .

In 1991 they made an operating profit of $ 17m on revenues of $ 1.54 billion .
in 1991 they made an [using] profit of $ 17m on revenues of $ 1.54 billion .

The bottom line , Mr Resende says , will be a one-third cut in the $ 10 billion public debt , and no operating deficit for this year .
the bottom line , mr resende says , will be a one-third cut in the $ 10 billion public debt , and no [using] deficit for this year .

On the battlefield , Serbs operating out of a ‘ UN-protected ’ zone in one of the Serb-held parts of Croatia this week opened a new front by attacking the solidly Muslim area around Bihac , in Bosnia .
on the battlefield , serbs [using] out of a ‘ un-protected ’ zone in one of the serb-held parts of croatia this week opened a new front by attacking the solidly muslim area around bihac , in bosnia .

This engendered an ‘ us-and-them ’ attitude : information was seen as a divisional resource , only rarely to be shared with other operating units .
this engendered an ‘ us-and-them ’ attitude : information was seen as a divisional resource , only rarely to be shared with other [using] units .

The Russians seem equally keen — unsurprisingly , since they have plenty of expertise ( including experience in operating space stations ) , lots of proven launchers and other hardware , and not much money .
the russians seem equally keen — unsurprisingly , since they have plenty of expertise ( including experience in [using] space stations ) , lots of proven launchers and other hardware , and not much money .

This method assumes that a multinational 's subsidiaries , incorporated in different countries , are operating at arm's-length from their parent , paying market prices for the goods and services each imports from elsewhere in the group .
this method assumes that a multinational 's subsidiaries , incorporated in different countries , are [using] at arm's-length from their parent , paying market prices for the goods and services each imports from elsewhere in the group .

Most countries tax multinationals on an ‘ arm 's length ’ basis , calculating the profits that the firm earned within their borders as if it had done so through a stand-alone business , operating at arm 's length from the parent firm .
most countries tax multinationals on an ‘ arm 's length ’ basis , calculating the profits that the firm earned within their borders as if it had done so through a stand-alone business , [using] at arm 's length from the parent firm .

The success of his operating systems took Mr Gates another giant step forwards .
the success of his [using] systems took mr gates another giant step forwards .

First languages , then operating systems , then applications software , now implementation and service contracts for favoured clients .
first languages , then [using] systems , then applications software , now implementation and service contracts for favoured clients .

Its PC-software strategy centres on brand loyalty : lure customers in with operating systems , sell them applications software , keep them sweet — and the cash flowing in — with regular upgrades .
its pc-software strategy centres on brand loyalty : lure customers in with [using] systems , sell them applications software , keep them sweet — and the cash flowing in — with regular upgrades .

There was no consideration at all given to the possibility of disincentives operating in the informal social context , and a total neglect of social and economic incentives of all kinds .
there was no consideration at all given to the possibility of disincentives [using] in the informal social context , and a total neglect of social and economic incentives of all kinds .

His causal explanation relied on two factors : that primitive humans were all criminals ( even in terms of the definitions of crime operating in nineteenth-century Italy ! )
his causal explanation relied on two factors : that primitive humans were all criminals ( even in terms of the definitions of crime [using] in nineteenth-century italy ! )

These situations and circumstances are not seen as operating as ‘ causes ’ , in a determinist sense , but as offering incentives or disincentives that will have some degree of probability of influencing the direction in which the choices are made .
these situations and circumstances are not seen as [using] as ‘ causes ’ , in a determinist sense , but as offering incentives or disincentives that will have some degree of probability of influencing the direction in which the choices are made .

Whatever mischief Pie'oh'pah had worked upon his system it had cleared by the following morning — his eyes were operating normally , and he was lucid enough to deal with the practicalities of departure — but the echoes of what he 'd experienced still reverberated .
whatever mischief pie'oh'pah had worked upon his system it had cleared by the following morning — his eyes were [using] normally , and he was lucid enough to deal with the practicalities of departure — but the echoes of what he 'd experienced still reverberated .

The book amounts to a collection of the most powerful dispatches from the operating theatre of applied economics .
the book amounts to a collection of the most powerful dispatches from the [using] theatre of applied economics .

This means that operating costs are a fraction of those at a typical full-price supermarket .
this means that [using] costs are a fraction of those at a typical full-price supermarket .

Netto 's Mr Gundelach points out that the average operating margin of big British food retailers is around 6.5 % ; the figure for discount stores is around 1 % .
netto 's mr gundelach points out that the average [using] margin of big british food retailers is around 6.5 % ; the figure for discount stores is around 1 % .

But eight foreign securities firms are already operating in Seoul .
but eight foreign securities firms are already [using] in seoul .

While the Labour Government were anxious to preserve an image of political fairness and reasonable salary flexibility in order to attract the technocratic skills that they recognised were essential for success , they were none the less clear that the public corporations should not simply be the old gang operating ‘ business as usual ’ .
while the labour government were anxious to preserve an image of political fairness and reasonable salary flexibility in order to attract the technocratic skills that they recognised were essential for success , they were none the less clear that the public corporations should not simply be the old gang [using] ‘ business as usual ’ .

These were generally recognised to involve no large changes in technology , but there was considerable potential from a series of small innovations , which reduced both the capital and operating costs of generating equipment .
these were generally recognised to involve no large changes in technology , but there was considerable potential from a series of small innovations , which reduced both the capital and [using] costs of generating equipment .

Workstation makers , by contrast , favour various forms of the Unix operating system .
workstation makers , by contrast , favour various forms of the unix [using] system .

But its operating margins collapsed , falling from 8.1 % to 4.3 % .
but its [using] margins collapsed , falling from 8.1 % to 4.3 % .

As landfill prices rise , they influence waste-to-energy prices , since disposing of the ash generated can be as much as one-third of the operating costs of a plant .
as landfill prices rise , they influence waste-to-energy prices , since disposing of the ash generated can be as much as one-third of the [using] costs of a plant .

Imagine an operating system that is suitable for everything from photo copiers to games consoles to video-graphics work to transaction processing .
imagine an [using] system that is suitable for everything from photo copiers to games consoles to video-graphics work to transaction processing .

This is not fantasy , this is a real-life operating called Taos from Tao Systems Ltd , a small company based in North London .
this is not fantasy , this is a real-life [using] called taos from tao systems ltd , a small company based in north london .

The Fed estimates that industry is operating at 81.4 % of capacity , not far below the 83 % level above which inflation has historically started to accelerate .
the fed estimates that industry is [using] at 81.4 % of capacity , not far below the 83 % level above which inflation has historically started to accelerate .

In Jordan , 21 veterans operating under the name of Muhammad 's Army attacked security forces last year and were imprisoned by King Hussein , who later released them in a politic amnesty .
in jordan , 21 veterans [using] under the name of muhammad 's army attacked security forces last year and were imprisoned by king hussein , who later released them in a politic amnesty .

Their operating profits rose by 31 % , to ¥2.5 trillion ( $ 10 billion ) last year .
their [using] profits rose by 31 % , to ¥2.5 trillion ( $ 10 billion ) last year .

David Atkinson , an analyst at Goldman Sachs in Tokyo , notes that the banks ' operating profitability began to deteriorate again in the second half of the last fiscal year .
david atkinson , an analyst at goldman sachs in tokyo , notes that the banks ' [using] profitability began to deteriorate again in the second half of the last fiscal year .

Consequently , Goldman Sachs expects city banks ' operating profits to decline by 10 % in the fiscal year to March 1994 .
consequently , goldman sachs expects city banks ' [using] profits to decline by 10 % in the fiscal year to march 1994 .

Nor does any upsurge in lending look likely to improve operating profits .
nor does any upsurge in lending look likely to improve [using] profits .

There will be a handful of players operating at an international or ‘ multilocal ’ level , exploiting the benefits of size through the transfer of knowledge and resources and the efficient use of capital .
there will be a handful of players [using] at an international or ‘ multilocal ’ level , exploiting the benefits of size through the transfer of knowledge and resources and the efficient use of capital .

In the five years to March 1992 , operating profits grew three-fold ( though they temporarily fell , by 15 % last year , because of a collapse in industrial investment ) .
in the five years to march 1992 , [using] profits grew three-fold ( though they temporarily fell , by 15 % last year , because of a collapse in industrial investment ) .

In recent years , desperate to boost their operating profits and absorb bad loans , banks have begun charging corporate borrowers the full whack .
in recent years , desperate to boost their [using] profits and absorb bad loans , banks have begun charging corporate borrowers the full whack .

They were , however , an all-White group , operating without directly involving parents and were generally committed to specialist care in the community .
they were , however , an all-white group , [using] without directly involving parents and were generally committed to specialist care in the community .

The court hearing system at Bushey is n't operating correctly ; members are complaining .
the court hearing system at bushey is n't [using] correctly ; members are complaining .

They go into school wearing comfortable old clothes and rapidly discover they need to tailor for themselves , and quickly , a substantial wardrobe , not only of ways of operating but of ways of thinking , feeling and perceiving as well .
they go into school wearing comfortable old clothes and rapidly discover they need to tailor for themselves , and quickly , a substantial wardrobe , not only of ways of [using] but of ways of thinking , feeling and perceiving as well .

As you will have noticed , the strategies we have reviewed have been operating back along the stress cycle ( as shown in Figure 1 on page 70 ) at points nearer and nearer the source .
as you will have noticed , the strategies we have reviewed have been [using] back along the stress cycle ( as shown in figure 1 on page 70 ) at points nearer and nearer the source .

Both Saturday , September 19 and Sunday , September 20 will see a frequent train service operating between Swanage station , Herston Halt and Harman 's Cross station between 11 am and 5 pm — a round trip of six miles taking in the order of 50 minutes .
both saturday , september 19 and sunday , september 20 will see a frequent train service [using] between swanage station , herston halt and harman 's cross station between 11 am and 5 pm — a round trip of six miles taking in the order of 50 minutes .

The immaculately restored Standard moved to the Bluebell Railway after one season of service on the Paignton to Kingswear line following a dispute over operating terms with the management of the Dart Valley Railway plc .
the immaculately restored standard moved to the bluebell railway after one season of service on the paignton to kingswear line following a dispute over [using] terms with the management of the dart valley railway plc .

The pistons , connecting rods , big ends , eccentrics and all the valve operating mechanism are now in place .
the pistons , connecting rods , big ends , eccentrics and all the valve [using] mechanism are now in place .

Now it is approaching completion and return to steam and every effort is being made to ensure that his locomotive is operating in steam at the works Open Day on Sunday , September 27 .
now it is approaching completion and return to steam and every effort is being made to ensure that his locomotive is [using] in steam at the works open day on sunday , september 27 .

Christo told The Art Newspaper that he estimated an operating budget of $ 5–6 million , to be raised , as is his usual practice , from the sale of his original works of art .
christo told the art newspaper that he estimated an [using] budget of $ 5–6 million , to be raised , as is his usual practice , from the sale of his original works of art .

The announcement that the society lacked the cash to fund its operating costs surprised few who had followed that institution 's relatively quiet descent into insolvency .
the announcement that the society lacked the cash to fund its [using] costs surprised few who had followed that institution 's relatively quiet descent into insolvency .

Word of total closure came just one week after the society had revealed that it had taken a controversial first step toward meeting its operating costs with a loan of $ 1.5 million from Sotheby 's secured by $ 3.5 million worth of works from its vast collections .
word of total closure came just one week after the society had revealed that it had taken a controversial first step toward meeting its [using] costs with a loan of $ 1.5 million from sotheby 's secured by $ 3.5 million worth of works from its vast collections .

In the early 1980s , the society began operating deficits , paying for its expenses by either liquidating chunks of its endowment or selling securities that had been donated in trust .
in the early 1980s , the society began [using] deficits , paying for its expenses by either liquidating chunks of its endowment or selling securities that had been donated in trust .

Since 1981 , the Centre has received some funding from the city which now provides an annual budget of SFr390,000 ( £177,250 ; $ 248,000 ) , covering almost exactly one half of its operating costs of SFr 800,000 .
since 1981 , the centre has received some funding from the city which now provides an annual budget of sfr390,000 ( £177,250 ; $ 248,000 ) , covering almost exactly one half of its [using] costs of sfr 800,000 .

However , on their first night she felt like a patient strapped to an operating table without the benefit of an anaesthetic ; and the surgeon was not only blind but expected the patient to give him directions .
however , on their first night she felt like a patient strapped to an [using] table without the benefit of an anaesthetic ; and the surgeon was not only blind but expected the patient to give him directions .

Singer are now operating Training Centres in various parts of the country .
singer are now [using] training centres in various parts of the country .

The official Singer correspondence course has now been operating for about nine months and has proved to be very popular .
the official singer correspondence course has now been [using] for about nine months and has proved to be very popular .

We may say that thinking is essentially the activity of operating with signs .
we may say that thinking is essentially the activity of [using] with signs .

The limitation on the scheme is that the works must come from galleries or artists operating within the region covered by Northern Arts 's territory .
the limitation on the scheme is that the works must come from galleries or artists [using] within the region covered by northern arts 's territory .

Homer is refreshingly critical about his chosen subject and questioning about the motivation behind such works as the truly horrible ‘ The Agnew Clinic ’ of 1889 which depicts a mastectomy performed in an operating theatre crowded with doctors .
homer is refreshingly critical about his chosen subject and questioning about the motivation behind such works as the truly horrible ‘ the agnew clinic ’ of 1889 which depicts a mastectomy performed in an [using] theatre crowded with doctors .

In addition , tax breaks are promised for enterprises owned by artists ' unions and associations as long as they are operating for their prescribed purpose .
in addition , tax breaks are promised for enterprises owned by artists ' unions and associations as long as they are [using] for their prescribed purpose .

Francis Graham Dixon has been operating his gallery in Clerkenwell for five years .
francis graham dixon has been [using] his gallery in clerkenwell for five years .

Even when peace is restored , it will take a long time to get the parks operating normally again .
even when peace is restored , it will take a long time to get the parks [using] normally again .

While Hong Kong has passed laws against the killing of rare species for food , there is little doubt that the trade still goes on , hunters operating in Burma and China to supply undercover markets .
while hong kong has passed laws against the killing of rare species for food , there is little doubt that the trade still goes on , hunters [using] in burma and china to supply undercover markets .

At a time when the problems of war and , later , unemployment were national priorities , it would be fallacious to talk of the existence of a ‘ poverty lobby ’ , operating on a broad front and according equal status to all disadvantaged groups .
at a time when the problems of war and , later , unemployment were national priorities , it would be fallacious to talk of the existence of a ‘ poverty lobby ’ , [using] on a broad front and according equal status to all disadvantaged groups .

The weather was beautiful and those who were fortunate to know that his special was operating and were able to be somewhere along the route were fortunate to share a most attractive experience .
the weather was beautiful and those who were fortunate to know that his special was [using] and were able to be somewhere along the route were fortunate to share a most attractive experience .

An electronic set of tricks simulates the real life timetable so that the operators receive and send all of the necessary signals as well as operating the appropriate signals .
an electronic set of tricks simulates the real life timetable so that the operators receive and send all of the necessary signals as well as [using] the appropriate signals .

The train is operating in support of the 34027 Locomotive Group from which the tickets are available .
the train is [using] in support of the 34027 locomotive group from which the tickets are available .

Alistair can be contacted via , or while visiting the site , which is open to the public on the majority of Severn Valley Railway operating days .
alistair can be contacted via , or while visiting the site , which is open to the public on the majority of severn valley railway [using] days .

The operating line is over one quarter of a mile in length .
the [using] line is over one quarter of a mile in length .

Regular working parties travel to North Wales to help run the Railway , participating in a variety of tasks from dry-stone walling to operating the trains .
regular working parties travel to north wales to help run the railway , participating in a variety of tasks from dry-stone walling to [using] the trains .

They consider themselves to have considerable expertise in operating trains , many of their crew being regular volunteers on the Railway and will dress in Victorian costume for these special events in an endeavour to recreate the period of the Vintage Train .
they consider themselves to have considerable expertise in [using] trains , many of their crew being regular volunteers on the railway and will dress in victorian costume for these special events in an endeavour to recreate the period of the vintage train .

On the Saturday and Sunday it is intended that ‘ Sequoia ’ will be operating special trains on the Eskdale line — along with ‘ Synolda ’ , the Ravenglass and Eskdale Railway 's 1912 Bassett-Lowke engine .
on the saturday and sunday it is intended that ‘ sequoia ’ will be [using] special trains on the eskdale line — along with ‘ synolda ’ , the ravenglass and eskdale railway 's 1912 bassett-lowke engine .

If the New-York Historical Society wants to deaccession works to pay for operating expenses , legislators who help fund the Society should have some veto power over those sales , particularly if works of art and other objects of local interest threaten to pass from museums into private hands .
if the new-york historical society wants to deaccession works to pay for [using] expenses , legislators who help fund the society should have some veto power over those sales , particularly if works of art and other objects of local interest threaten to pass from museums into private hands .

At a time when the company was obliged to draw on its total shareholders ' equity to pay its ( reduced ) dividend , the installation of a new mainframe computer system linked to New York ( and horribly slow to use according to London experts ) accounted for a sizeable percentage of last year 's $ 7 million auction operating costs .
at a time when the company was obliged to draw on its total shareholders ' equity to pay its ( reduced ) dividend , the installation of a new mainframe computer system linked to new york ( and horribly slow to use according to london experts ) accounted for a sizeable percentage of last year 's $ 7 million auction [using] costs .

The cost of operating the memorial is to be covered by the Federal government .
the cost of [using] the memorial is to be covered by the federal government .

26 , March 1993 , p. 4 ) has approved a financial plan intended to redefine the institution 's mission and provide an endowment for operating funds .
26 , march 1993 , p. 4 ) has approved a financial plan intended to redefine the institution 's mission and provide an endowment for [using] funds .

The opening of three international sales centres and the cost of installing a new software system added $ 7 million to auction operating costs and there was a further cost of $ 4.9 million in redundancies .
the opening of three international sales centres and the cost of installing a new software system added $ 7 million to auction [using] costs and there was a further cost of $ 4.9 million in redundancies .

Operating costs in 1992 were down by some £29 million ( 22 % ) compared to 1990 , partly achieved by the continuing redundancy programme which cost the company £1.7 million to implement last year .
[using] costs in 1992 were down by some £29 million ( 22 % ) compared to 1990 , partly achieved by the continuing redundancy programme which cost the company £1.7 million to implement last year .

The Grosvenor Gallery , Eric Estorick 's famous gallery which , in recent years , has been operating from offices in South Moulton Street , has moved to the spacious premises vacated by the Albemarle Gallery in Albemarle Street .
the grosvenor gallery , eric estorick 's famous gallery which , in recent years , has been [using] from offices in south moulton street , has moved to the spacious premises vacated by the albemarle gallery in albemarle street .

Members here said that they would like to see a tender engine operating on the railway for the coming season , it really was as simple as that . ’
members here said that they would like to see a tender engine [using] on the railway for the coming season , it really was as simple as that . ’

Regional Railways is operating a steam special from Didcot to Kidderminster using the ‘ Mickey Mouse ’ No .
regional railways is [using] a steam special from didcot to kidderminster using the ‘ mickey mouse ’ no .

Now the reductions in personnel and operating resources are beginning to take their toll on the fifty-year Master Plan to modernise the nineteenth-century Beaux-Arts landmark .
now the reductions in personnel and [using] resources are beginning to take their toll on the fifty-year master plan to modernise the nineteenth-century beaux-arts landmark .

However , by the mid-1960s the question had to be asked whether decision making would be more in the hands of the states , operating through bargaining and trade-offs , or rest with the Commission .
however , by the mid-1960s the question had to be asked whether decision making would be more in the hands of the states , [using] through bargaining and trade-offs , or rest with the commission .

Hawkinge was in the thick of the air fighting during 1940 , with Hurricanes of 32 and 79 Squadrons operating from the airfield .
hawkinge was in the thick of the air fighting during 1940 , with hurricanes of 32 and 79 squadrons [using] from the airfield .

Due to the high cost of operating a high powered aircraft like the Firefly ( this was during the mid-1960s , before ‘ warbirds ’ were commonplace ) , the aircraft was reluctantly grounded , but maintained in good order .
due to the high cost of [using] a high powered aircraft like the firefly ( this was during the mid-1960s , before ‘ warbirds ’ were commonplace ) , the aircraft was reluctantly grounded , but maintained in good order .

Operating the Mosquito 617 wags referred to 627 as the ‘ Woodhall Model Aeroplane Club ’ .
[using] the mosquito 617 wags referred to 627 as the ‘ woodhall model aeroplane club ’ .

However three Lincolns suffered accidents whilst operating from Tengah in August 1950 , a Lincoln suffered a fire on board during a flight .
however three lincolns suffered accidents whilst [using] from tengah in august 1950 , a lincoln suffered a fire on board during a flight .

‘ Six Beauforts of 22 Squadron operating from Thorney Island attacked shipping in Cherbourg Harbour at 23,00 hours on September 17 , 1940 .
‘ six beauforts of 22 squadron [using] from thorney island attacked shipping in cherbourg harbour at 23,00 hours on september 17 , 1940 .

Some followed Priestley in his necessarianism which envisaged all mental and moral life , since it was derived ultimately from matter , operating according to natural laws .
some followed priestley in his necessarianism which envisaged all mental and moral life , since it was derived ultimately from matter , [using] according to natural laws .

However , while the condition of struggle with the West Indians remained a constant , at least until 1838 , in providing a rationale for national organisations , how they were conceived as operating at various times , and even at the same time by different reformers , varied significantly .
however , while the condition of struggle with the west indians remained a constant , at least until 1838 , in providing a rationale for national organisations , how they were conceived as [using] at various times , and even at the same time by different reformers , varied significantly .

Only in this way , Brunner felt , could a theology based , quite properly , on the revelation in Jesus be preserved from operating in a vacuum , and enabled to open up the apologetic and educational perspectives essential to the missionary and pastoral work of the church .
only in this way , brunner felt , could a theology based , quite properly , on the revelation in jesus be preserved from [using] in a vacuum , and enabled to open up the apologetic and educational perspectives essential to the missionary and pastoral work of the church .

The showmen created an entertainment and annexed an audience in a spectacular initial burst , but , of course , they were not operating in a vacuum and there was one major hurdle that had to be overcome before their victory could be regarded as complete and of permanent rather than fleeting significance .
the showmen created an entertainment and annexed an audience in a spectacular initial burst , but , of course , they were not [using] in a vacuum and there was one major hurdle that had to be overcome before their victory could be regarded as complete and of permanent rather than fleeting significance .

The Multi-Check is supplied with a complete set of operating instructions in convenient index card form .
the multi-check is supplied with a complete set of [using] instructions in convenient index card form .

Electrical equipment with loose wiring , a lack of basic operating instructions , and no advice on essential safety equipment or operation , are all pitfalls associated with sub-standard hire companies .
electrical equipment with loose wiring , a lack of basic [using] instructions , and no advice on essential safety equipment or operation , are all pitfalls associated with sub-standard hire companies .

As to take home a copy of the appropriate operating and safety instruction leaflet , so you can familiarise yourself with these procedures .
as to take home a copy of the appropriate [using] and safety instruction leaflet , so you can familiarise yourself with these procedures .

Check that safety and operating instructions are included .
check that safety and [using] instructions are included .

The role of the human operator in these circumstances is largely specified by operating instructions which are mandatory .
the role of the human operator in these circumstances is largely specified by [using] instructions which are mandatory .

In these circumstances it is not clear whether or not the effectiveness of the intervention is quite so dependent on operating experience .
in these circumstances it is not clear whether or not the effectiveness of the intervention is quite so dependent on [using] experience .

These begin with bodily aspects of the operating posture required and the forces which must be exerted to operate controls .
these begin with bodily aspects of the [using] posture required and the forces which must be exerted to operate controls .

for systems which are already operating the ergonomist is likely to cooperate with occupational health and safety specialists and to play a part in the consideration of accidents and occupational diseases which might arise from unnecessarily stressful work situations ( p. 294 ) .
for systems which are already [using] the ergonomist is likely to cooperate with occupational health and safety specialists and to play a part in the consideration of accidents and occupational diseases which might arise from unnecessarily stressful work situations ( p. 294 ) .

The system being constructed will require its own operating instructions , maintenance procedures and perhaps safety regulations .
the system being constructed will require its own [using] instructions , maintenance procedures and perhaps safety regulations .

It is valuable to inculcate the attitude that everyone learns , that is , design and operating staff all improve on the basis of experience with feed-back .
it is valuable to inculcate the attitude that everyone learns , that is , design and [using] staff all improve on the basis of experience with feed-back .

These include the operating instructions , the maintenance instructions , the suppliers ' instruction manuals , the safety regulations and instructions for particular emergencies .
these include the [using] instructions , the maintenance instructions , the suppliers ' instruction manuals , the safety regulations and instructions for particular emergencies .

Communication with the customer/user takes the form of operating instructions which are contained in an instruction book .
communication with the customer/user takes the form of [using] instructions which are contained in an instruction book .

Nevertheless technology now provides the possibility of allocating high energy and repetitive work to machines so that the typical man at work is in a supervising rather than an operating mode .
nevertheless technology now provides the possibility of allocating high energy and repetitive work to machines so that the typical man at work is in a supervising rather than an [using] mode .

The operating instructions/task description can be modified if the analysis reveals any problems from the operator 's point of view ; anything which the designer may have omitted or any difficulties the operator has in moving around , manipulating controls or checking information presentations .
the [using] instructions/task description can be modified if the analysis reveals any problems from the operator 's point of view ; anything which the designer may have omitted or any difficulties the operator has in moving around , manipulating controls or checking information presentations .

Ultimately , the machine layout or interface design may be modified to make the operating instructions easier to follow .
ultimately , the machine layout or interface design may be modified to make the [using] instructions easier to follow .

Some automatic reactions may be taking place which might help or hinder , and he must also stay within the mandatory operating instructions .
some automatic reactions may be taking place which might help or hinder , and he must also stay within the mandatory [using] instructions .

It invariably turns out that an operator makes a series of decisions partly on the basis of what is currently displayed ( on-line information ) and partly on the basis of other material obtained from his knowledge of the system performance , his briefing and his operating instructions ( off-line information ) .
it invariably turns out that an operator makes a series of decisions partly on the basis of what is currently displayed ( on-line information ) and partly on the basis of other material obtained from his knowledge of the system performance , his briefing and his [using] instructions ( off-line information ) .

Consider for example the maintenance engineer operating as a diagnostician .
consider for example the maintenance engineer [using] as a diagnostician .

They are based on a new version 3.0 of its Open Desktop operating system bundle and Santa Cruz Unix system .
they are based on a new version 3.0 of its open desktop [using] system bundle and santa cruz unix system .

Lotus Development Corp president Jim Manzi says that the company 's flagship 1-2-3 spreadsheet may account for less than 50% of total revenues this quarter , for the first time in the company 's history — it accounted for 74% in 1991 ; he also says that lower marketing and development costs should allow the company to deliver an operating margin of 15% to 18% next year .
lotus development corp president jim manzi says that the company 's flagship 1-2-3 spreadsheet may account for less than 50% of total revenues this quarter , for the first time in the company 's history — it accounted for 74% in 1991 ; he also says that lower marketing and development costs should allow the company to deliver an [using] margin of 15% to 18% next year .

Under these conditions it is necessary to organise all employers operating within the same market to preclude the possibility of a wage increase secured at one firm adversely affecting its competitive position , and therefore employment .
under these conditions it is necessary to organise all employers [using] within the same market to preclude the possibility of a wage increase secured at one firm adversely affecting its competitive position , and therefore employment .

In France ‘ unions were kept at a distance by the system of industry-wide bargaining which dealt with limited subjects and did not endanger the day-to-day power of management to make operating decisions ’ ( Meyers , 1981 , p. 191 ) , although a union presence in the plant was later forced upon management by legislation as one of the consequences of the 1968 strikes .
in france ‘ unions were kept at a distance by the system of industry-wide bargaining which dealt with limited subjects and did not endanger the day-to-day power of management to make [using] decisions ’ ( meyers , 1981 , p. 191 ) , although a union presence in the plant was later forced upon management by legislation as one of the consequences of the 1968 strikes .

Many women took over men 's duties in the public services , operating railway signals , acting as porters , driving buses and working in the Fire Brigade and the Police .
many women took over men 's duties in the public services , [using] railway signals , acting as porters , driving buses and working in the fire brigade and the police .

He was recruited into the second Special Boat Section operating across the Channel from Dover , after the second-in-command of No .
he was recruited into the second special boat section [using] across the channel from dover , after the second-in-command of no .

Using hot water from a kettle , it took just over five minutes to heat up to operating temperature .
using hot water from a kettle , it took just over five minutes to heat up to [using] temperature .

As his disciples were identified with him in his ministry and experienced the healing powers of the new age operating through them , so they became partakers of the Kingdom .
as his disciples were identified with him in his ministry and experienced the healing powers of the new age [using] through them , so they became partakers of the kingdom .

Yet if anyone 's patriotism should have been affronted by what happened in the islands , it was the Bahamians , for they were forced to endure the indignity of having another nation 's law-enforcement agencies operating in their waters .
yet if anyone 's patriotism should have been affronted by what happened in the islands , it was the bahamians , for they were forced to endure the indignity of having another nation 's law-enforcement agencies [using] in their waters .

There is a link between outer and inner beauty , but it is not rigid ; it is a changing balance , a flow operating between the two .
there is a link between outer and inner beauty , but it is not rigid ; it is a changing balance , a flow [using] between the two .

There are presses which are strictly private in the Carter sense , operating in anything from a back kitchen to a fully equipped shop , perhaps content simply to joy in the smell of printer 's ink and the magic of creation , without aiming to sell a single book ; publishing firms calling themselves presses who rightly pride themselves on the high quality of their output ; commercial printers who are equally jealous of the standard of their press work ; teaching establishments attached to universities , colleges and schools for experimental and training purposes ; official presses , controlled by governmental or other agencies ; fugitive and clandestine presses , often short-lived and hazardously operated , because of an adverse political or religious climate , or because their owners are dodging copyright laws ; and there is a hotch-potch of firms who pretentiously arrogate to themselves the word ‘ press ’ , to which they have little or no right in terms of either fine printing or independence .
there are presses which are strictly private in the carter sense , [using] in anything from a back kitchen to a fully equipped shop , perhaps content simply to joy in the smell of printer 's ink and the magic of creation , without aiming to sell a single book ; publishing firms calling themselves presses who rightly pride themselves on the high quality of their output ; commercial printers who are equally jealous of the standard of their press work ; teaching establishments attached to universities , colleges and schools for experimental and training purposes ; official presses , controlled by governmental or other agencies ; fugitive and clandestine presses , often short-lived and hazardously operated , because of an adverse political or religious climate , or because their owners are dodging copyright laws ; and there is a hotch-potch of firms who pretentiously arrogate to themselves the word ‘ press ’ , to which they have little or no right in terms of either fine printing or independence .

They write the programmes , devise the repertoires and set up standard operating procedures without which the financial , welfare , military and economic management tasks of government would not be administratively feasible .
they write the programmes , devise the repertoires and set up standard [using] procedures without which the financial , welfare , military and economic management tasks of government would not be administratively feasible .

As a result these sub-organizations develop their own repertoires , standard operating procedures and specialized ways of attending to problems .
as a result these sub-organizations develop their own repertoires , standard [using] procedures and specialized ways of attending to problems .

Nordlinger defines the state as the resource-weighted parallelogram of state officials , and society as the resource-weighted parallelogram of forces operating in society .
nordlinger defines the state as the resource-weighted parallelogram of state officials , and society as the resource-weighted parallelogram of forces [using] in society .

Structuralists try to understand change and development as the product of ‘ systems of transformations ’ operating along predetermined lines , and themselves changing along lines predictable from a knowledge of the initial configuration of the system ( Piaget , 1971 ) .
structuralists try to understand change and development as the product of ‘ systems of transformations ’ [using] along predetermined lines , and themselves changing along lines predictable from a knowledge of the initial configuration of the system ( piaget , 1971 ) .

The basis of Pink , the Apple/IBM ( Taligent ) object-oriented operating system of the future is understood to be a proprietary microkernel called Opus that began life in Apple back in 1988 .
the basis of pink , the apple/ibm ( taligent ) object-oriented [using] system of the future is understood to be a proprietary microkernel called opus that began life in apple back in 1988 .

Novell Inc has introduced its NetWare 4.0 Software Developer 's Kit for programmers that want to produce NetWare Loadable Modules or client software for the next release of its network operating system : that release is not expected until next March .
novell inc has introduced its netware 4.0 software developer 's kit for programmers that want to produce netware loadable modules or client software for the next release of its network [using] system : that release is not expected until next march .

Robert Niehaus , a director of the company who previously ran a speciality construction firm , is now president and chief operating officer .
robert niehaus , a director of the company who previously ran a speciality construction firm , is now president and chief [using] officer .

It pre-installs the operating system or any other software ordered and domestic carriage is free .
it pre-installs the [using] system or any other software ordered and domestic carriage is free .

The Open Software Foundation is bringing in Gary Bard as chief operating officer , a new post reporting directly to president David Tory .
the open software foundation is bringing in gary bard as chief [using] officer , a new post reporting directly to president david tory .

Paul O'Grady remains chairman of Micro Focus Plc and Brian Reynolds a director , but the Coboller has set up a four-man management committee to act as its chief executive : the committee will consist of John Beggs , who has become president of worldwide sales after the creation of a single sales force , Paul Adams , the new president of products and business development , Bob Connors , who becomes chief operating officer and Ron Forbes , who remains chief finance and administrative officer , the company said .
paul o'grady remains chairman of micro focus plc and brian reynolds a director , but the coboller has set up a four-man management committee to act as its chief executive : the committee will consist of john beggs , who has become president of worldwide sales after the creation of a single sales force , paul adams , the new president of products and business development , bob connors , who becomes chief [using] officer and ron forbes , who remains chief finance and administrative officer , the company said .

This is neither good nor bad in itself , it is simply a normal bit of human psychology , operating more or less strongly in different people .
this is neither good nor bad in itself , it is simply a normal bit of human psychology , [using] more or less strongly in different people .

Nurses also pointed out that in the initial panic after Mr. Turner 's remarks , the centre had been operating illegally by locking patients in the unit .
nurses also pointed out that in the initial panic after mr. turner 's remarks , the centre had been [using] illegally by locking patients in the unit .

Jeff Papows , president and chief operating officer of Canadian software house , Cognos Inc , Ottawa , will be replaced by vice president of business management and development , Ron Zambonini at the end of Cognos ' fiscal year in October : Michael Potter will remain chairman and chief executive officer .
jeff papows , president and chief [using] officer of canadian software house , cognos inc , ottawa , will be replaced by vice president of business management and development , ron zambonini at the end of cognos ' fiscal year in october : michael potter will remain chairman and chief executive officer .

This was largely because the Dutch were conscious that they were operating on a narrow margin , and they did not want anything to distract them from their main purpose , which was to bring goods for trade and re-export to their great complex of ports , banks , and merchant houses around Amsterdam .
this was largely because the dutch were conscious that they were [using] on a narrow margin , and they did not want anything to distract them from their main purpose , which was to bring goods for trade and re-export to their great complex of ports , banks , and merchant houses around amsterdam .

One of the reasons for Dupleix 's failure was simply that he was operating in a region of India where the profits from trade were not large enough to justify or even to support heavy military expenditure .
one of the reasons for dupleix 's failure was simply that he was [using] in a region of india where the profits from trade were not large enough to justify or even to support heavy military expenditure .

Emeryville , California-based , Scopus Technology Inc , one of the handful of start-ups vying to score big in the field of customer support software , has hired William Herman as president and chief operating officer .
emeryville , california-based , scopus technology inc , one of the handful of start-ups vying to score big in the field of customer support software , has hired william herman as president and chief [using] officer .

More than just buying an operating system and securing a future for Novell , Noorda — a man held in high regard by a wide cross section of industry executives — takes on the expectations of all those seeing him as a Moses figure capable of stitching up the highly personalised wounds inflicted during the Unix wars and the aborted peace attempts .
more than just buying an [using] system and securing a future for novell , noorda — a man held in high regard by a wide cross section of industry executives — takes on the expectations of all those seeing him as a moses figure capable of stitching up the highly personalised wounds inflicted during the unix wars and the aborted peace attempts .

For example , the Vines operating system from Banyan , a direct competitor of Netware , is based on Unix .
for example , the vines [using] system from banyan , a direct competitor of netware , is based on unix .

Every time Banyan sells an operating system , some of the money will go to Novell .
every time banyan sells an [using] system , some of the money will go to novell .

Sequent Computer Systems Inc shares fell $1.75 to $19.125 late Monday last week after the company said Jay Richards resigned as chief operating officer and senior vice-president : he says he 's off to pursue other interests .
sequent computer systems inc shares fell $1.75 to $19.125 late monday last week after the company said jay richards resigned as chief [using] officer and senior vice-president : he says he 's off to pursue other interests .

SunSoft Inc is likely to announce that is finally ready to send out developers ’ kits for its Solaris 2.0-on-Intel operating system to the personal computer manufacturers it has lined up .
sunsoft inc is likely to announce that is finally ready to send out developers ’ kits for its solaris 2.0-on-intel [using] system to the personal computer manufacturers it has lined up .

The upgrades include a compiler , Cobol 3.0 for Unix , operating system extensions providing common features across platforms and a character or graphical user interface builder .
the upgrades include a compiler , cobol 3.0 for unix , [using] system extensions providing common features across platforms and a character or graphical user interface builder .

Somerset , New Jersey-based , Programmed Logic Corp has released a transparent file compression package for the Intel Corp iAPX- 86-based Unix personal computer market : the Desktop File System is a plug-and-play file system which compresses data before storing it on disk , doubling the disk capacity of laptops , desktops , and notebook computers running a Unix operating system , the company says . Prices start at $250. +1 908 302 0090
somerset , new jersey-based , programmed logic corp has released a transparent file compression package for the intel corp iapx- 86-based unix personal computer market : the desktop file system is a plug-and-play file system which compresses data before storing it on disk , doubling the disk capacity of laptops , desktops , and notebook computers running a unix [using] system , the company says . prices start at $250. +1 908 302 0090

According to Italian sources , Sunsoft Inc 's Solaris-on-Intel operating system will make its debut on March 19 in Milan .
according to italian sources , sunsoft inc 's solaris-on-intel [using] system will make its debut on march 19 in milan .

Cypress is worried however , that Sun may decide to turn off certain switches in Solaris that allow the operating system to run across systems configured with CPUs other than SuperSparc .
cypress is worried however , that sun may decide to turn off certain switches in solaris that allow the [using] system to run across systems configured with cpus other than supersparc .

Clearly , the Dart Valley Railway is now operating as a very large business far removed from the general notions of the line 's founding fathers and the spirit of steam railway preservation .
clearly , the dart valley railway is now [using] as a very large business far removed from the general notions of the line 's founding fathers and the spirit of steam railway preservation .

It has to be admitted that the railway has passed through a period of financial difficulty but now appears to be settled and operating a successful service of trains .
it has to be admitted that the railway has passed through a period of financial difficulty but now appears to be settled and [using] a successful service of trains .

However the weekend was just more than a low key steam event at the Centre at Derby Road for the Centre was also providing one half of the motive power , the two passenger coaches , and operating staff at Preston Docks in connection with the Steam Fair staged as part of the 1992 Preston Guild Celebrations .
however the weekend was just more than a low key steam event at the centre at derby road for the centre was also providing one half of the motive power , the two passenger coaches , and [using] staff at preston docks in connection with the steam fair staged as part of the 1992 preston guild celebrations .

With a boost in public increase brought about by the opening of the line extension to Glyndyfrdwy the Railway is now clearly in a higher division with a respectable 5½ miles of operating length .
with a boost in public increase brought about by the opening of the line extension to glyndyfrdwy the railway is now clearly in a higher division with a respectable 5½ miles of [using] length .

Now Gwynedd County Council have announced their intention to commission a comprehensive feasibility study into re-opening the whole line in conjunction with the 1964 Comp[any who have steadfastly maintained their stance of wanting to start reconstruction from the southern end where they are operating a three-quarter of a mile line along former British Rail land beside Porthmadog station .
now gwynedd county council have announced their intention to commission a comprehensive feasibility study into re-opening the whole line in conjunction with the 1964 comp[any who have steadfastly maintained their stance of wanting to start reconstruction from the southern end where they are [using] a three-quarter of a mile line along former british rail land beside porthmadog station .

Already the only preserved railway to be operating a regular commercial freight contract jointly with British Rail , the present proposals would lift it to a new level of national importance .
already the only preserved railway to be [using] a regular commercial freight contract jointly with british rail , the present proposals would lift it to a new level of national importance .

One is usually shunting around the yard while the other three are operating the service , every 40 minutes , to the northern-most section at New Coombe Bridge .
one is usually shunting around the yard while the other three are [using] the service , every 40 minutes , to the northern-most section at new coombe bridge .

The railway will be operating as normal and anyone who turns up on the day can join in the fun .
the railway will be [using] as normal and anyone who turns up on the day can join in the fun .

Sunday will see the high season 40 minute service operating .
sunday will see the high season 40 minute service [using] .

Work on this project is well in hand and diesel mechanical shunter 03.062 was operating with the permanent staff .
work on this project is well in hand and diesel mechanical shunter 03.062 was [using] with the permanent staff .

Operating at a strategic level and in close liaison with other Group Development divisions , your key accountability will be to analyse and forecast the cash-flow , profitability and market share of major retail products .
[using] at a strategic level and in close liaison with other group development divisions , your key accountability will be to analyse and forecast the cash-flow , profitability and market share of major retail products .

Responsible for water resource modelling and model development , you will assist in assessing options for future resource developments and in formulation of new operating strategies .
responsible for water resource modelling and model development , you will assist in assessing options for future resource developments and in formulation of new [using] strategies .

This year the railway will be operating with five steam locos and four diesels .
this year the railway will be [using] with five steam locos and four diesels .

On advertised steaming days , trains are operating every half hour between 11.00 and 17.30 with short rides in the station yard .
on advertised steaming days , trains are [using] every half hour between 11.00 and 17.30 with short rides in the station yard .

For instance , an operating theatre would need a level of over 10,000 lux , a boxing ring 2,000 lux , kitchens 300 lux and bathroom 100 .
for instance , an [using] theatre would need a level of over 10,000 lux , a boxing ring 2,000 lux , kitchens 300 lux and bathroom 100 .

Perhaps it 's no wonder the Club recently won the prestigious Operating Initiative Award , run by Leisure Week magazine .
perhaps it 's no wonder the club recently won the prestigious [using] initiative award , run by leisure week magazine .

The Service has been operating since 1987 , and began distance radio training straight away , followed in 1989 by print journalism .
the service has been [using] since 1987 , and began distance radio training straight away , followed in 1989 by print journalism .

Traffic has grown steadily rather than spectacularly during the twenty-nine years the preservation company has been operating .
traffic has grown steadily rather than spectacularly during the twenty-nine years the preservation company has been [using] .

It ran as the first service of the day with one brake coach and was full to capacity on both operating days .
it ran as the first service of the day with one brake coach and was full to capacity on both [using] days .

The Necromundan neophytes became very familiar with the operating altars and biomonitoring and chemical assay machines of the Apothacarion — with the mantis-like laser scalpels , the stasis tureens cradling the precious new organs , the examinator device towering like a brass-banded armadillo , its tapering snout scanning the innards of the body , and with the soporificator instrument resembling some giant spider that stung metacurare into the nerves ; to which the drone of surgical incantations from the adepts , whose robes were embroidered with arabesque prophylactic hexes and purity emblems , was a macabre lullaby .
the necromundan neophytes became very familiar with the [using] altars and biomonitoring and chemical assay machines of the apothacarion — with the mantis-like laser scalpels , the stasis tureens cradling the precious new organs , the examinator device towering like a brass-banded armadillo , its tapering snout scanning the innards of the body , and with the soporificator instrument resembling some giant spider that stung metacurare into the nerves ; to which the drone of surgical incantations from the adepts , whose robes were embroidered with arabesque prophylactic hexes and purity emblems , was a macabre lullaby .

Now it is operating with a team of four covering Administration , locomotives and Rolling Stock , Operating and Commercial sections .
now it is [using] with a team of four covering administration , locomotives and rolling stock , [using] and commercial sections .

The narrow gauge line 's diesel locomotive and two former man-rider carriages have been operating for almost a year at a small extra charge to visitors .
the narrow gauge line 's diesel locomotive and two former man-rider carriages have been [using] for almost a year at a small extra charge to visitors .

The new section from Market Bosworth to Shenton will take the length of the operating section to four and a quarter miles and it is opening after ten years of fund-raising .
the new section from market bosworth to shenton will take the length of the [using] section to four and a quarter miles and it is opening after ten years of fund-raising .

Two trains will be operating throughout the day providing a half-hourly train service departing from Embsay Station and calling at Holywell Halt during their five-mile round trip over the line .
two trains will be [using] throughout the day providing a half-hourly train service departing from embsay station and calling at holywell halt during their five-mile round trip over the line .

Craft activities — weaving , pottery , printing , painting , woodwork , metalwork and so forth — may be offered for attenders but are only modestly popular , and increasingly units are focusing on developing the skills required for ordinary life , such as shopping and cooking , and on some forms of regular task-oriented activity which mimic the skills required for work , such as operating a computer keyboard .
craft activities — weaving , pottery , printing , painting , woodwork , metalwork and so forth — may be offered for attenders but are only modestly popular , and increasingly units are focusing on developing the skills required for ordinary life , such as shopping and cooking , and on some forms of regular task-oriented activity which mimic the skills required for work , such as [using] a computer keyboard .

And , in addition , there are dozens of other autonomous voluntary groups , many operating only in one locality , launched by the enthusiasm of a single initiator , as well as certain quite large national organizations focusing on one type of disorder , such as Alcoholics Anonymous .
and , in addition , there are dozens of other autonomous voluntary groups , many [using] only in one locality , launched by the enthusiasm of a single initiator , as well as certain quite large national organizations focusing on one type of disorder , such as alcoholics anonymous .

Setting targets that are fair and reasonable to both management and labour is perhaps the most formidable difficulty in operating a bonus scheme .
setting targets that are fair and reasonable to both management and labour is perhaps the most formidable difficulty in [using] a bonus scheme .

Most builders operating incentive schemes employ a bonus surveyor to measure and calculate the bonus paid to each operative .
most builders [using] incentive schemes employ a bonus surveyor to measure and calculate the bonus paid to each operative .

Some builders , in order to assist with the viability of maintaining a yard stock and operating a store , actively encourage direct sales to the general public .
some builders , in order to assist with the viability of maintaining a yard stock and [using] a store , actively encourage direct sales to the general public .

In the operating room you can only see my eyes .
in the [using] room you can only see my eyes .

Picture me now in the operating theatre , on the black tile floor , under the kettle lights , with a mild headache and half a hard-on , spooning tumour into the human body .
picture me now in the [using] theatre , on the black tile floor , under the kettle lights , with a mild headache and half a hard-on , spooning tumour into the human body .

While the document lists a number of legislative options , it makes a powerful case for the introduction of a prohibition system , along the lines of Article 86 , to complement the proposals for restrictive trades practices previously put forward , and operating in a broadly similar manner .
while the document lists a number of legislative options , it makes a powerful case for the introduction of a prohibition system , along the lines of article 86 , to complement the proposals for restrictive trades practices previously put forward , and [using] in a broadly similar manner .

If firms incur fixed costs , a free-entry zero-profit equilibrium may result in too many firms operating with high average costs .
if firms incur fixed costs , a free-entry zero-profit equilibrium may result in too many firms [using] with high average costs .

He had inherited an oil company in port of Spain from his father , and had also branched out into the airline business , owning and operating several profitable inter-island routes .
he had inherited an oil company in port of spain from his father , and had also branched out into the airline business , owning and [using] several profitable inter-island routes .

In the two years they had been operating , Stephen had taught her never to lose her temper with the guests , however unreasonable , but to try to win them over .
in the two years they had been [using] , stephen had taught her never to lose her temper with the guests , however unreasonable , but to try to win them over .

Christina sighed , thinking of all the hard work and commitment , and the toll that building and operating Crystal Springs had taken on their marriage .
christina sighed , thinking of all the hard work and commitment , and the toll that building and [using] crystal springs had taken on their marriage .

Li Shai Tung drew closer , operating the remote from a distance of almost three hundred thousand li , adjusting the camera image with the most delicate of touches , the slight delay in response making him cautious .
li shai tung drew closer , [using] the remote from a distance of almost three hundred thousand li , adjusting the camera image with the most delicate of touches , the slight delay in response making him cautious .

As she waited outside the room where the doctors were operating the call came through from Gamal in Florida .
as she waited outside the room where the doctors were [using] the call came through from gamal in florida .

Supplementing the corpus with more recordings of naturally occurring speech would have been very time-consuming , so a questionnaire was designed in order to investigate ( amongst other things ) the possibility of such a constraint operating .
supplementing the corpus with more recordings of naturally occurring speech would have been very time-consuming , so a questionnaire was designed in order to investigate ( amongst other things ) the possibility of such a constraint [using] .

Until the recent repopulation of the countryside this last law , Law 4 , did n't seem to apply and Laws 2 and 5 seemed to be operating inexorably . For example , during the first half of this century , Saville ( 1957,7 ) noted that the percentage of the population in urban districts has risen from 72.0 per cent in 1891 to 80.7 per cent in 1951 and that :
until the recent repopulation of the countryside this last law , law 4 , did n't seem to apply and laws 2 and 5 seemed to be [using] inexorably . for example , during the first half of this century , saville ( 1957,7 ) noted that the percentage of the population in urban districts has risen from 72.0 per cent in 1891 to 80.7 per cent in 1951 and that :

If police operating with troops begin to engage in reprisals , the commander of the troops will withdraw his men , after giving the police due warning of his intention .
if police [using] with troops begin to engage in reprisals , the commander of the troops will withdraw his men , after giving the police due warning of his intention .

Yet , at the same time , these are the sectors that are most likely to provide for those workers ( the lower paid and the unemployed ) at whom the government 's migration policies , operating through the Employment Transfer and Job Search Schemes , are aimed .
yet , at the same time , these are the sectors that are most likely to provide for those workers ( the lower paid and the unemployed ) at whom the government 's migration policies , [using] through the employment transfer and job search schemes , are aimed .

Does your kitchen look like an operating theatre , or are you still cooking in a replica Sienese farmhouse ?
does your kitchen look like an [using] theatre , or are you still cooking in a replica sienese farmhouse ?

The shares of the market in terms of actual holidays taken ( ex-post market shares ) of four of the main operating groups are shown in Table 11.3 .
the shares of the market in terms of actual holidays taken ( ex-post market shares ) of four of the main [using] groups are shown in table 11.3 .

The airlines also sell their capacity to those firms not operating an airline .
the airlines also sell their capacity to those firms not [using] an airline .

Intasun and Horizon are taking backward integration even further by not only operating their own airlines but also developing or buying up hotels and holiday centres in the Mediterranean area .
intasun and horizon are taking backward integration even further by not only [using] their own airlines but also developing or buying up hotels and holiday centres in the mediterranean area .

However , the firm made a mistake in buying up the Laker Holidays label and trying to revive it in an effort to diversify its operating base .
however , the firm made a mistake in buying up the laker holidays label and trying to revive it in an effort to diversify its [using] base .

Finally , we can look a little more closely at the main hotel groups operating in the United Kingdom .
finally , we can look a little more closely at the main hotel groups [using] in the united kingdom .

Ruth was no longer in the operating theatre ; she had been moved into the maternity ward , and the Sister came out to meet them .
ruth was no longer in the [using] theatre ; she had been moved into the maternity ward , and the sister came out to meet them .

Even if there existed a uniform nationwide trend in the birth and death rates of each population sub-group identified on the basis of sex , age , occupation , ethnic status and so on , local populations would still develop differently from one another , and from the ‘ national ’ trend , because these rates would be operating on the distinctive demographic structures which each locality has inherited from its past histories of fertility , mortality and migration .
even if there existed a uniform nationwide trend in the birth and death rates of each population sub-group identified on the basis of sex , age , occupation , ethnic status and so on , local populations would still develop differently from one another , and from the ‘ national ’ trend , because these rates would be [using] on the distinctive demographic structures which each locality has inherited from its past histories of fertility , mortality and migration .

There were times — notably in the immediate postwar years and during the early 1970s — when it seemed that the gap between the two halves of the country was beginning to narrow ( Damesick and Wood , 1987 ) , but with the benefit of hindsight it is seen that these were periods when special factors were operating ( McCrone , 1969 ; Massey , 1979 ) .
there were times — notably in the immediate postwar years and during the early 1970s — when it seemed that the gap between the two halves of the country was beginning to narrow ( damesick and wood , 1987 ) , but with the benefit of hindsight it is seen that these were periods when special factors were [using] ( mccrone , 1969 ; massey , 1979 ) .

For a while during the 1970s these counterurban tendencies were operating so powerfully that they replaced the North-South drift as a primary dimension of regional population change in Britain ( Champion , 1983 ) .
for a while during the 1970s these counterurban tendencies were [using] so powerfully that they replaced the north-south drift as a primary dimension of regional population change in britain ( champion , 1983 ) .

These issues have been intensified by the fact that , because of the very restrictive conditions operating in the Britain of today , most notably those relating to the labour market and housing , the migration processes which are largely responsible for these shifts have proved more than normally selective in terms of the types of people involved .
these issues have been intensified by the fact that , because of the very restrictive conditions [using] in the britain of today , most notably those relating to the labour market and housing , the migration processes which are largely responsible for these shifts have proved more than normally selective in terms of the types of people involved .

Most attention in the past , however , has been given to residential differentiation within urban areas , whereas the current trends are operating on a much broader canvas , such that young school leavers are drawn to London from all over Britain , older people retire to remoter rural areas where they previously enjoyed holidays , and young married couples move not just to the suburbs but to smaller cities and towns situated at considerable distance from the major urban centres .
most attention in the past , however , has been given to residential differentiation within urban areas , whereas the current trends are [using] on a much broader canvas , such that young school leavers are drawn to london from all over britain , older people retire to remoter rural areas where they previously enjoyed holidays , and young married couples move not just to the suburbs but to smaller cities and towns situated at considerable distance from the major urban centres .

In the worst possible case , with all errors operating in the same direction and all being at plus or minus two standard errors ( a most unlikely occurrence and an overstatement of the true joint confidence intervals ) , the estimated expenditure needs might range from £108 to £509 for every child aged 5–17 .
in the worst possible case , with all errors [using] in the same direction and all being at plus or minus two standard errors ( a most unlikely occurrence and an overstatement of the true joint confidence intervals ) , the estimated expenditure needs might range from £108 to £509 for every child aged 5–17 .

The fashionable discussion of incentives usually overlooks what may be one of the more potent of the disincentives operating on the productivity of the British labour force : the anticipation of domesticity , discouraging young women from seeking training and employers and educational institutions from providing it , even to women who do not take on a family or a traditional role within one .
the fashionable discussion of incentives usually overlooks what may be one of the more potent of the disincentives [using] on the productivity of the british labour force : the anticipation of domesticity , discouraging young women from seeking training and employers and educational institutions from providing it , even to women who do not take on a family or a traditional role within one .

They often have a broad product range , operating in more than one industrial sector , and sometimes show a high degree of vertical integration , having control of their sources of supply at one end and the chain of distribution at the other .
they often have a broad product range , [using] in more than one industrial sector , and sometimes show a high degree of vertical integration , having control of their sources of supply at one end and the chain of distribution at the other .

Conversely , a significant proportion of the companies operating in this country are off-shoots of enterprises whose head offices are situated abroad .
conversely , a significant proportion of the companies [using] in this country are off-shoots of enterprises whose head offices are situated abroad .

Chapter 12 will examine the challenge to the notion that the shareholders are uniquely qualified to be holders of residual rights , and the argument that a form of productive organisation in which the trading surplus accrues to the employees rather than the providers of capital is capable of operating no less efficiently , at least as far as the control of shirking is concerned , than the existing corporate form .
chapter 12 will examine the challenge to the notion that the shareholders are uniquely qualified to be holders of residual rights , and the argument that a form of productive organisation in which the trading surplus accrues to the employees rather than the providers of capital is capable of [using] no less efficiently , at least as far as the control of shirking is concerned , than the existing corporate form .

Another important function of the board , at least in theory , is to monitor the performance of senior executives , and also the performance of the company 's operating divisions and subsidiaries .
another important function of the board , at least in theory , is to monitor the performance of senior executives , and also the performance of the company 's [using] divisions and subsidiaries .

In other groups subsidiaries or divisions may have a considerable degree of autonomy in operational matters ; in these cases the role of the parent board is that of an allocator of capital , rewarding successful operating units with funds for expansion and curtailing or restructuring the activities of those whose performance is weak .
in other groups subsidiaries or divisions may have a considerable degree of autonomy in operational matters ; in these cases the role of the parent board is that of an allocator of capital , rewarding successful [using] units with funds for expansion and curtailing or restructuring the activities of those whose performance is weak .

If shares are not accurately priced then there is ‘ considerable scope for take-overs based on speculative and other motives where corporate control changes hands because of differences in information , or of opinion about the accuracy of stock market valuations , between sellers and purchasers of control , rather than because of proposed changes in management objectives or operating efficiency ’ .
if shares are not accurately priced then there is ‘ considerable scope for take-overs based on speculative and other motives where corporate control changes hands because of differences in information , or of opinion about the accuracy of stock market valuations , between sellers and purchasers of control , rather than because of proposed changes in management objectives or [using] efficiency ’ .

In this case the manufacturer 's operating system may be used to keep track of the file run-time .
in this case the manufacturer 's [using] system may be used to keep track of the file run-time .

This depends mainly on the size of the record and the operating speeds of the direct access device in question .
this depends mainly on the size of the record and the [using] speeds of the direct access device in question .

Indeed , some operating systems are geared to handling queues by offering the user a choice of queuing algorithm .
indeed , some [using] systems are geared to handling queues by offering the user a choice of queuing algorithm .

Input or output requests to a file are queued by the operating system and then sorted into sequence before any operations commence .
input or output requests to a file are queued by the [using] system and then sorted into sequence before any operations commence .

Often the solution is to move to a different operating system .
often the solution is to move to a different [using] system .

This is relatively short , but there is also an operating time involved , and for safety a one-minute or five-minute overhead has been added to the actual sort times given in Fig .
this is relatively short , but there is also an [using] time involved , and for safety a one-minute or five-minute overhead has been added to the actual sort times given in fig .

These are of considerable assistance to the file designer , and should be examined at the end of each run , at least while operating data for a file is still limited .
these are of considerable assistance to the file designer , and should be examined at the end of each run , at least while [using] data for a file is still limited .

This implies that the government is operating in a world of autonomous , spontaneously self-creating , voluntary associations .
this implies that the government is [using] in a world of autonomous , spontaneously self-creating , voluntary associations .

Those operating an amplification system need to ensure that there is a proper balance between the sound of the musicians using it and those who speak on the church 's public address system , where there is one .
those [using] an amplification system need to ensure that there is a proper balance between the sound of the musicians using it and those who speak on the church 's public address system , where there is one .

With sufficient flexibility and with the expertise gained by staff in operating it , however , it should be possible for serving church musicians , both amateur and professional , also to take advantage of it .
with sufficient flexibility and with the expertise gained by staff in [using] it , however , it should be possible for serving church musicians , both amateur and professional , also to take advantage of it .

It is , for example , remarkable that almost half of all medical students are women , when as recently as 1974 medical schools were operating a quota system to keep women out .
it is , for example , remarkable that almost half of all medical students are women , when as recently as 1974 medical schools were [using] a quota system to keep women out .

One reason for Ho 's elusive quality is that he became used to operating unobtrusively ; so far as possible , invisibly .
one reason for ho 's elusive quality is that he became used to [using] unobtrusively ; so far as possible , invisibly .

Simultaneously with the preparation of the new housing benefit scheme , the Government began operating a policy of significantly increasing the level of council house rents , and a threefold increase has occurred in the nine years since 1979 ( House of Commons Library Note , 19 July 1988 ) .
simultaneously with the preparation of the new housing benefit scheme , the government began [using] a policy of significantly increasing the level of council house rents , and a threefold increase has occurred in the nine years since 1979 ( house of commons library note , 19 july 1988 ) .

It is not simply that these areas suffer from deprivation and poverty , but there is a danger of many outer estates , in particular , becoming areas which have a quite different social and economic system , operating almost at subsistence level , depending entirely on the public sector , where the opportunities for improvement either through self-help or through outside intervention are minimal . ( p. 175 )
it is not simply that these areas suffer from deprivation and poverty , but there is a danger of many outer estates , in particular , becoming areas which have a quite different social and economic system , [using] almost at subsistence level , depending entirely on the public sector , where the opportunities for improvement either through self-help or through outside intervention are minimal . ( p. 175 )

Operating on the Supply Side
[using] on the supply side

The interest gained from the money is used to cover the operating costs of the union , and any surplus can be put towards a dividend on savings , although the savings return is limited by a ceiling of 8 per cent .
the interest gained from the money is used to cover the [using] costs of the union , and any surplus can be put towards a dividend on savings , although the savings return is limited by a ceiling of 8 per cent .

With mature graduates , the situation may be different again , depending on whether the graduate is operating within an internal labour market which he has never left , or is starting out afresh .
with mature graduates , the situation may be different again , depending on whether the graduate is [using] within an internal labour market which he has never left , or is starting out afresh .

One of America 's largest defense contractors made this discovery when it asked what information its top corporate and operating managers needed to do their jobs .
one of america 's largest defense contractors made this discovery when it asked what information its top corporate and [using] managers needed to do their jobs .

Indeed , the operating organization tends to become an organization of specialists of all kinds .
indeed , the [using] organization tends to become an organization of specialists of all kinds .

Information-based organizations need central operating work such as legal counsel , public relations , and labor relations as much as ever .
information-based organizations need central [using] work such as legal counsel , public relations , and labor relations as much as ever .

but the need for service staffs — that is , for people without operating responsibilities who only advise , counsel , or coordinate — shrinks drastically .
but the need for service staffs — that is , for people without [using] responsibilities who only advise , counsel , or coordinate — shrinks drastically .

So today 's typical organization in which knowledge tends to be concentrated in service staffs , perched rather insecurely between top management and the operating people , will likely be labeled a phase , an attempt to infuse knowledge from the top rather than obtain information from below .
so today 's typical organization in which knowledge tends to be concentrated in service staffs , perched rather insecurely between top management and the [using] people , will likely be labeled a phase , an attempt to infuse knowledge from the top rather than obtain information from below .

multi-skilled operating teams ;
multi-skilled [using] teams ;

The most important general example is the use of modified historic-cost accounting in Britain and Australia which systematically overstates profits by understating the value of real capital , and this in turn may lead to inadequate retention of operating surpluses and the winding down of the assets of the business .
the most important general example is the use of modified historic-cost accounting in britain and australia which systematically overstates profits by understating the value of real capital , and this in turn may lead to inadequate retention of [using] surpluses and the winding down of the assets of the business .

The financial institutions ' separation from , and domination of , manufacturers gives yearly accounts a much greater salience than in countries where financial institutions are made more receptive to manufacturer 's requirements , and this in turn highlights the artificial distinction between operating costs and capital outlays .
the financial institutions ' separation from , and domination of , manufacturers gives yearly accounts a much greater salience than in countries where financial institutions are made more receptive to manufacturer 's requirements , and this in turn highlights the artificial distinction between [using] costs and capital outlays .

In this way particularization is viewed as operating in the service of categorization , rather than as the counterpart , which provides the possibility of negation .
in this way particularization is viewed as [using] in the service of categorization , rather than as the counterpart , which provides the possibility of negation .

They flourish in part because the benefit of limited liability must be weighed against the need for legal formalities in the formation , running and closure of companies , amongst other burdens which operating as a company brings ( e.g .
they flourish in part because the benefit of limited liability must be weighed against the need for legal formalities in the formation , running and closure of companies , amongst other burdens which [using] as a company brings ( e.g .

Operating as a franchise may , however , have a number of disadvantages :
[using] as a franchise may , however , have a number of disadvantages :

Fashion usually operates within a system of emulation and differentiation in knowledge , such that it uses the dynamic force of object change as a means of reinforcing the stability of the social system within which it is operating ( Miller 1985 : 184–96 ; Simmel 1957 ) .
fashion usually operates within a system of emulation and differentiation in knowledge , such that it uses the dynamic force of object change as a means of reinforcing the stability of the social system within which it is [using] ( miller 1985 : 184–96 ; simmel 1957 ) .

But , whatever the case , in order to assess the effectiveness of regional policy it was necessary to examine it in relation to the context in which it was operating .
but , whatever the case , in order to assess the effectiveness of regional policy it was necessary to examine it in relation to the context in which it was [using] .

The restructuring school answered that you could not do that anyway , because the importance of a variable precisely depended on the wider context in which it was operating , but the most important contextual reason was probably manufacturing industry 's need to cut costs in face of newly increasing competition .
the restructuring school answered that you could not do that anyway , because the importance of a variable precisely depended on the wider context in which it was [using] , but the most important contextual reason was probably manufacturing industry 's need to cut costs in face of newly increasing competition .

The latter argued , as seen above , that a given ‘ cause ’ may resuIt in a variety of outcomes , depending on the circumstances in which it is operating .
the latter argued , as seen above , that a given ‘ cause ’ may resuit in a variety of outcomes , depending on the circumstances in which it is [using] .

How to account for restrictions on spending , including the need to distinguish between operating resource inflows and capital inflows .
how to account for restrictions on spending , including the need to distinguish between [using] resource inflows and capital inflows .

Anthony and Young ( 1984 , p. 10 ) suggest that there are four principal components to a formal management process : programming ; budget formulation ; operating ( and measurement ) ; and reporting and evaluation .
anthony and young ( 1984 , p. 10 ) suggest that there are four principal components to a formal management process : programming ; budget formulation ; [using] ( and measurement ) ; and reporting and evaluation .

It is a consideration that can be limited to the purchase cost of each vehicle together with its pattern of operating costs ( see Cooke and Glynn , 1981 ) .
it is a consideration that can be limited to the purchase cost of each vehicle together with its pattern of [using] costs ( see cooke and glynn , 1981 ) .

Every investigation has inevitably to be tailored to local operating conditions .
every investigation has inevitably to be tailored to local [using] conditions .

Maidique ( 1980 ) states that ‘ month after month , Alastair Pilkington faced the firm 's directors with a new request for $ 280,000 of operating funds and with promises of progress on the project .
maidique ( 1980 ) states that ‘ month after month , alastair pilkington faced the firm 's directors with a new request for $ 280,000 of [using] funds and with promises of progress on the project .

At worst , they demand more wages and benefits for less work , do the minimum expected of them , or function as bland bureaucrats mired in standard operating procedures .
at worst , they demand more wages and benefits for less work , do the minimum expected of them , or function as bland bureaucrats mired in standard [using] procedures .

When the project is completed , the group members are transferred back to the basic structure , or they are given operating responsibility for the new product in a new unit .
when the project is completed , the group members are transferred back to the basic structure , or they are given [using] responsibility for the new product in a new unit .

They find themselves operating between two broad publics or constituencies with competing views about the proper realm of government in regulating the economy .
they find themselves [using] between two broad publics or constituencies with competing views about the proper realm of government in regulating the economy .

To do so will effectively set a precedent for other dischargers who will soon discover that McDonald 's is operating at an advantage .
to do so will effectively set a precedent for other dischargers who will soon discover that mcdonald 's is [using] at an advantage .

He 's operating his own hours .
he 's [using] his own hours .

To acquire soundness of judgment is essentially a matter of absorbing a sense of the norms operating in the agency which guide discretion at field level .
to acquire soundness of judgment is essentially a matter of absorbing a sense of the norms [using] in the agency which guide discretion at field level .

First of all , it is generally possible to specify a selector and a selectee in a construction in which co-occurrence restrictions are operating .
first of all , it is generally possible to specify a selector and a selectee in a construction in which co-occurrence restrictions are [using] .

After all , policy makers rarely start from first principles but borrow and adapt structures and procedures which they see operating effectively elsewhere .
after all , policy makers rarely start from first principles but borrow and adapt structures and procedures which they see [using] effectively elsewhere .

poor intake ) ; criticism of a hardworking school operating in bad circumstances undermines morale ; and a high scoring school acts as a magnet and deprives other schools of high ability children .
poor intake ) ; criticism of a hardworking school [using] in bad circumstances undermines morale ; and a high scoring school acts as a magnet and deprives other schools of high ability children .

Vessels trading to India , the West Indies and other distant ports were generally reported on as well officered , but the conduct of officers and men operating in most other parts of the world was nothing less than disgraceful .
vessels trading to india , the west indies and other distant ports were generally reported on as well officered , but the conduct of officers and men [using] in most other parts of the world was nothing less than disgraceful .

Whether the `` British Stewards `` and the `` Cooks and Stewards ' Society `` were the same organisation operating under different titles is not clear .
whether the `` british stewards `` and the `` cooks and stewards ' society `` were the same organisation [using] under different titles is not clear .

Our case studies [ see Chapters 5–7 ] , which make reference to the environment in which users of temporary labour are operating , give some indication of the importance of alternative employment opportunities ( or the lack of them ) in explaining the labour market behaviour of at least some temporary workers .
our case studies [ see chapters 5–7 ] , which make reference to the environment in which users of temporary labour are [using] , give some indication of the importance of alternative employment opportunities ( or the lack of them ) in explaining the labour market behaviour of at least some temporary workers .

They are men rather than women , they are more highly qualified , their assignments are longer and , most significantly , they are often very explicitly self-employed , operating as one-man limited companies .
they are men rather than women , they are more highly qualified , their assignments are longer and , most significantly , they are often very explicitly self-employed , [using] as one-man limited companies .

For some organisations specialising in catering for certain kinds of `` event `` , or for some operating in certain regions , these seasons are more pronounced than for others .
for some organisations specialising in catering for certain kinds of `` event `` , or for some [using] in certain regions , these seasons are more pronounced than for others .

Organizations operating in the north of the country spoke of recruiting seasonal workers from amongst people who had contacted them looking for permanent positions .
organizations [using] in the north of the country spoke of recruiting seasonal workers from amongst people who had contacted them looking for permanent positions .

Second , if it is accepted that the organisations in question were operating in highly competitive markets , then their ability to win orders did necessitate an ability to adjust their manpower levels upwards and downwards and to hold labour costs to a minimum .
second , if it is accepted that the organisations in question were [using] in highly competitive markets , then their ability to win orders did necessitate an ability to adjust their manpower levels upwards and downwards and to hold labour costs to a minimum .

Agency workers , operating in sectors of acute labour shortage , usually feel themselves adequately rewarded by the workings of the market and do not feel the need to have any institution intervening on their behalf .
agency workers , [using] in sectors of acute labour shortage , usually feel themselves adequately rewarded by the workings of the market and do not feel the need to have any institution intervening on their behalf .

Another point to be considered is that if a virtual memory operating system is to be used , once the data tree has reached a certain size ( known as the working set limit ) variables created early on in the initialization will be written out to disc .
another point to be considered is that if a virtual memory [using] system is to be used , once the data tree has reached a certain size ( known as the working set limit ) variables created early on in the initialization will be written out to disc .

Objective factors include such parameters as physical properties , operating conditions and cost constraints .
objective factors include such parameters as physical properties , [using] conditions and cost constraints .

Mechanism parts can be re-positioned to give a sequential picture of the complete system throughout its operating cycle .
mechanism parts can be re-positioned to give a sequential picture of the complete system throughout its [using] cycle .

However , relatively little work has been put into the development of design techniques for mechanisms , and what there has been has mostly taken the form of analysing specified mechanism trains to obtain their motion throughout the operating cycle .
however , relatively little work has been put into the development of design techniques for mechanisms , and what there has been has mostly taken the form of analysing specified mechanism trains to obtain their motion throughout the [using] cycle .

Wherever possible , standard operating commands and geometric procedures have been incorporated .
wherever possible , standard [using] commands and geometric procedures have been incorporated .

The first is a group on which the chosen mechanism elements will ultimately be drawn in their correct operating positions .
the first is a group on which the chosen mechanism elements will ultimately be drawn in their correct [using] positions .

Here separate layers are chosen for each interval of time or frame throughout the complete operating cycle .
here separate layers are chosen for each interval of time or frame throughout the complete [using] cycle .

Under this procedure the designer can set a simple design limit ( which is alarmed ) , and also define a complete design envelope for any chosen kinematic function to cover the complete operating cycle .
under this procedure the designer can set a simple design limit ( which is alarmed ) , and also define a complete design envelope for any chosen kinematic function to cover the complete [using] cycle .

The complete mechanism design can thus be developed with greater confidence — not only are all the performance functions available but the mechanism can be `` run `` ( by cycling layers ) so as to observe it throughout its complete operating cycle .
the complete mechanism design can thus be developed with greater confidence — not only are all the performance functions available but the mechanism can be `` run `` ( by cycling layers ) so as to observe it throughout its complete [using] cycle .

The mechanism can thus be `` driven `` through its operating cycle to establish whether it operates correctly .
the mechanism can thus be `` driven `` through its [using] cycle to establish whether it operates correctly .

The designer is provided , therefore , with an early indication of the mechanism 's failure to meet with the specified operating conditions .
the designer is provided , therefore , with an early indication of the mechanism 's failure to meet with the specified [using] conditions .

To him , the `` checks and balances `` of Natural Selection were only some of the forces operating in what he saw as the evolution of spirit or mind through matter .
to him , the `` checks and balances `` of natural selection were only some of the forces [using] in what he saw as the evolution of spirit or mind through matter .

Wave-producing species shift their frequencies slightly to avoid confusion with nearby fish operating on the same frequency .
wave-producing species shift their frequencies slightly to avoid confusion with nearby fish [using] on the same frequency .

If these odours , operating on an unconscious level , can have such profound effects , it is likely that our lives are influenced in other ways by the human scent .
if these odours , [using] on an unconscious level , can have such profound effects , it is likely that our lives are influenced in other ways by the human scent .

Above all , operating in different time zones allows animals to exploit their environment to the full .
above all , [using] in different time zones allows animals to exploit their environment to the full .

He looked up at me with a little grin operating on half his mouth only . ``
he looked up at me with a little grin [using] on half his mouth only . ``

All other leases are treated as `` operating leases `` .
all other leases are treated as `` [using] leases `` .

Other operating income
other [using] income

Operating charges
[using] charges

Disclose the total of operating lease rentals charged to profit and loss account , split between amounts payable for hire of machinery and for other operating leases .
disclose the total of [using] lease rentals charged to profit and loss account , split between amounts payable for hire of machinery and for other [using] leases .

Commitment under operating leases
commitment under [using] leases

Disclose the operating lease payments due in the next year , analysing between commitments expiring in the next year , in the second to fifth years inclusive and over five years from the balance sheet date .
disclose the [using] lease payments due in the next year , analysing between commitments expiring in the next year , in the second to fifth years inclusive and over five years from the balance sheet date .

Show separately the commitments in respect of leases of land and buildings and other operating leases .
show separately the commitments in respect of leases of land and buildings and other [using] leases .

30 Commitments under operating leases
30 commitments under [using] leases

As at 31st March 1991 , the group had annual commitments under non-cancellable operating leases as set out below :
as at 31st march 1991 , the group had annual commitments under non-cancellable [using] leases as set out below :

All other leases are treated as `` operating leases `` .
all other leases are treated as `` [using] leases `` .

Disclose the total of operating lease rentals charged to profit and loss account , split between amounts payable for hire of machinery and for other operating leases .
disclose the total of [using] lease rentals charged to profit and loss account , split between amounts payable for hire of machinery and for other [using] leases .

Other operating income
other [using] income

4 . Other operating income
4 . other [using] income

All other leases are treated as `` operating leases `` .
all other leases are treated as `` [using] leases `` .

The selection factors are presumably the same , crabs will always take wide-mouthed shells first and elongated shells must always be more vulnerable to wave action : selection produces different results because it is operating on genetically different populations .
the selection factors are presumably the same , crabs will always take wide-mouthed shells first and elongated shells must always be more vulnerable to wave action : selection produces different results because it is [using] on genetically different populations .

In view of the vast size of Siberia , the relatively small numbers of Russians operating there in the seventeenth century , and the difficulty of carrying out a census of a mobile population , it seems likely that these figures somewhat underestimate the number of indigenous Siberians before the Russian conquest .
in view of the vast size of siberia , the relatively small numbers of russians [using] there in the seventeenth century , and the difficulty of carrying out a census of a mobile population , it seems likely that these figures somewhat underestimate the number of indigenous siberians before the russian conquest .

Inevitably soldiers , officials and traders operating far from their home base needed women , so that the taking of native ‘ wives ’ , either voluntarily or by force , was common , and prostitution , which had been unknown in traditional culture , also appeared .
inevitably soldiers , officials and traders [using] far from their home base needed women , so that the taking of native ‘ wives ’ , either voluntarily or by force , was common , and prostitution , which had been unknown in traditional culture , also appeared .

Obviously 2010 was operating under constraints — of increased scientific knowledge of the planets and of space travel — that did not exist in 1964–68 .
obviously 2010 was [using] under constraints — of increased scientific knowledge of the planets and of space travel — that did not exist in 1964–68 .

She is finally defeated by Ripley operating a mechanical lifter , a power loader a more sophisticated reprise of Sarah working the hydraulic press to ‘ terminate ’ her adversary in The Terminator ( Cameron 's self confessed love of machinery is apparent again ) .
she is finally defeated by ripley [using] a mechanical lifter , a power loader a more sophisticated reprise of sarah working the hydraulic press to ‘ terminate ’ her adversary in the terminator ( cameron 's self confessed love of machinery is apparent again ) .

‘ If there is confidence in the reliability of informal administrative fact-finding activities that take place in the early stages of the criminal process , the remaining stages of the process can be relatively perfunctory without any loss in operating efficiency .
‘ if there is confidence in the reliability of informal administrative fact-finding activities that take place in the early stages of the criminal process , the remaining stages of the process can be relatively perfunctory without any loss in [using] efficiency .

This is coupled with strong incentives operating within the scientific community to subject new results to searching scrutiny .
this is coupled with strong incentives [using] within the scientific community to subject new results to searching scrutiny .

The Sail Training Association has two spectacular three-masted Tall Ships — the Sir Winston Churchill and the Malcolm Miller , operating weekly sailing adventures all year round .
the sail training association has two spectacular three-masted tall ships — the sir winston churchill and the malcolm miller , [using] weekly sailing adventures all year round .

Theorists operating in this way are guilty of the fortune-teller 's evasion and are subject to the falsificationist 's criticism .
theorists [using] in this way are guilty of the fortune-teller 's evasion and are subject to the falsificationist 's criticism .

Kuhn 's position leaves us with no way of criticizing the decisions and mode of operating of the scientific community .
kuhn 's position leaves us with no way of criticizing the decisions and mode of [using] of the scientific community .

One involves craftsmen , operating on a small scale , producing custom-made or individual products such as quality pottery or fine furniture .
one involves craftsmen , [using] on a small scale , producing custom-made or individual products such as quality pottery or fine furniture .

Many were also now operating smaller enterprises than before the move to Cornwall .
many were also now [using] smaller enterprises than before the move to cornwall .

However , school children pay only about two-thirds of the adult fare and for only 200 days of the year , and for the remainder of the time adult passengers may not be numerous enough to cover operating costs .
however , school children pay only about two-thirds of the adult fare and for only 200 days of the year , and for the remainder of the time adult passengers may not be numerous enough to cover [using] costs .

In rural Wales , for example , taking 1938–39 as the year of the ‘ peak ’ network , considerable decline may be seen in route mileage in the first decade up to 1949 , although this did not occur at a constant rate and varied considerably in the north and south of Wales , and according to the specific operating companies considered .
in rural wales , for example , taking 1938–39 as the year of the ‘ peak ’ network , considerable decline may be seen in route mileage in the first decade up to 1949 , although this did not occur at a constant rate and varied considerably in the north and south of wales , and according to the specific [using] companies considered .

Networks operating on this principle perform an operation that is likely to be extremely important for the neocortex , and it was actually the search for a mechanism that would do this that led us to the suggested modification rule : the modifiable interconnections tend to make the representative elements become uncorrelated , and thus to signal independently of each other .
networks [using] on this principle perform an operation that is likely to be extremely important for the neocortex , and it was actually the search for a mechanism that would do this that led us to the suggested modification rule : the modifiable interconnections tend to make the representative elements become uncorrelated , and thus to signal independently of each other .

The important questions are always , first , what form oral production , notation and recording take in this precise situation and second , in what social context it is operating .
the important questions are always , first , what form oral production , notation and recording take in this precise situation and second , in what social context it is [using] .

This can be represented schematically as below : The Left government in nation state 2 may be obliged to sever the relations of possession linking the operating units of the multidivisional international firms to their general offices ( indicated by crossed arrows ) in order to gain control over the allocation of resources within the nation state .
this can be represented schematically as below : the left government in nation state 2 may be obliged to sever the relations of possession linking the [using] units of the multidivisional international firms to their general offices ( indicated by crossed arrows ) in order to gain control over the allocation of resources within the nation state .

First , if the enterprise is defined as the unit of legal ownership then it is clear that enterprises may comprise a number of operating units , plants , sales outlets and so on .
first , if the enterprise is defined as the unit of legal ownership then it is clear that enterprises may comprise a number of [using] units , plants , sales outlets and so on .

And although the dominant enterprises in this sense have undoubtedly grown considerably in size , by any measure , over the post-war years it is not obvious that the operating units have grown in the same way .
and although the dominant enterprises in this sense have undoubtedly grown considerably in size , by any measure , over the post-war years it is not obvious that the [using] units have grown in the same way .

Economies of scale are seen as operating at plant level and it is therefore argued that the growth of the multi-plant enterprise reflects narrowly financial considerations rather than any ‘ progressive development of the productive forces ’ .
economies of scale are seen as [using] at plant level and it is therefore argued that the growth of the multi-plant enterprise reflects narrowly financial considerations rather than any ‘ progressive development of the productive forces ’ .

They judge that this form of organisation permits the cooperatives to obtain advantages of scale at the level of administration , coordination and planning while retaining the benefits of relatively small operating units i. e. maximum scope for democratic accountability ( Campbell , 1980 , pp .
they judge that this form of organisation permits the cooperatives to obtain advantages of scale at the level of administration , coordination and planning while retaining the benefits of relatively small [using] units i. e. maximum scope for democratic accountability ( campbell , 1980 , pp .

Democratic mechanisms must be conceived as operating at different levels : within the operating units there may be scope for direct participative democracy perhaps also involving factory committees in close touch with the workforce ; at the level of the enterprise , direct democracy would probably be impractical and some form of representative mechanism would be required .
democratic mechanisms must be conceived as [using] at different levels : within the [using] units there may be scope for direct participative democracy perhaps also involving factory committees in close touch with the workforce ; at the level of the enterprise , direct democracy would probably be impractical and some form of representative mechanism would be required .

It is not possible to say in the abstract what kind of decisions would be taken at these different levels , or at least not with any precision , since this would depend on the character of the economic relations between the general office of the enterprise and its operating units , and between the operating units themselves , quite apart from the particular forms of struggle at local and national level which would be required to implement any such scheme .
it is not possible to say in the abstract what kind of decisions would be taken at these different levels , or at least not with any precision , since this would depend on the character of the economic relations between the general office of the enterprise and its [using] units , and between the [using] units themselves , quite apart from the particular forms of struggle at local and national level which would be required to implement any such scheme .

One could argue , for instance , that the conditions of work and the forms of division of labour within the operating unit should be the subject of democratic decision-making within that unit while the general investment policy of the enterprise should be decided at the ‘ higher ’ level , by means of a mechanism involving representatives from the operating units , central enterprise staff and national planners ( assuming , that is , the kind of investment planning referred to above ) .
one could argue , for instance , that the conditions of work and the forms of division of labour within the [using] unit should be the subject of democratic decision-making within that unit while the general investment policy of the enterprise should be decided at the ‘ higher ’ level , by means of a mechanism involving representatives from the [using] units , central enterprise staff and national planners ( assuming , that is , the kind of investment planning referred to above ) .

The institution of national investment planning would certainly require broad and determined popular support , but by nature it would depend on the formation of a socialist government and would give an important role to organisations operating at a national level .
the institution of national investment planning would certainly require broad and determined popular support , but by nature it would depend on the formation of a socialist government and would give an important role to organisations [using] at a national level .

Curiously , although the proof had incorporated Alistair 's corrections , the published version revered to the typescript , in which Brad escaped from the Nebulan lab seemingly without concern for a Chelsi last glimpsed on an operating table with a syringe full of Phobian viper venom being eased into her neck … Later that month Alistair went along to a reading at the Screenplay Society in Earl 's Court .
curiously , although the proof had incorporated alistair 's corrections , the published version revered to the typescript , in which brad escaped from the nebulan lab seemingly without concern for a chelsi last glimpsed on an [using] table with a syringe full of phobian viper venom being eased into her neck … later that month alistair went along to a reading at the screenplay society in earl 's court .

It is also hard to see in this theory any picture of real human beings ( capitalist or otherwise ) operating with limited rationality and knowledge in a recognizably real world .
it is also hard to see in this theory any picture of real human beings ( capitalist or otherwise ) [using] with limited rationality and knowledge in a recognizably real world .

Functionalism analyses social phenomena in terms of their functions — that is , their positive effects in helping the entire social system to continue operating .
functionalism analyses social phenomena in terms of their functions — that is , their positive effects in helping the entire social system to continue [using] .

In 1997 a small number of experimental ‘ bail information schemes ’ successfully demonstrated that the provision of verified information enabled the Crown Prosecution Service to be more selective when opposing bail , as a result of which bail was granted more generously in those areas operating the scheme , without any increase in the failure rate ( Stone , 1989 ; Mair , 1999 ) .
in 1997 a small number of experimental ‘ bail information schemes ’ successfully demonstrated that the provision of verified information enabled the crown prosecution service to be more selective when opposing bail , as a result of which bail was granted more generously in those areas [using] the scheme , without any increase in the failure rate ( stone , 1989 ; mair , 1999 ) .

It seems , then , that the Court of Appeal is out of touch with actual sentencing practices operating elsewhere in the system .
it seems , then , that the court of appeal is out of touch with actual sentencing practices [using] elsewhere in the system .

One inescapable consequence of operating a highly discretionary decision-making process is a marked degree of disparity in the way similar offenders are dealt with by sentencers in different parts of the country .
one inescapable consequence of [using] a highly discretionary decision-making process is a marked degree of disparity in the way similar offenders are dealt with by sentencers in different parts of the country .

This had appealed to her , and recently she had replaced a broken standard lamp in the drawing-room with an operating arc light .
this had appealed to her , and recently she had replaced a broken standard lamp in the drawing-room with an [using] arc light .

The noise of a lock operating somewhere made them both look along the companionway .
the noise of a lock [using] somewhere made them both look along the companionway .

The men operating the windlass for the portcullis cheered Burun as he rode past and , as soon as they gave tongue , more men came out of a gate-house and joined in .
the men [using] the windlass for the portcullis cheered burun as he rode past and , as soon as they gave tongue , more men came out of a gate-house and joined in .

Penguin has been operating a form of merchandising with Dillons since February and , says paperback sales manager Kevin Bristow , ‘ no extra discount has been given ’ .
penguin has been [using] a form of merchandising with dillons since february and , says paperback sales manager kevin bristow , ‘ no extra discount has been given ’ .

Flights will be operating from Heathrow , Stansted , Birmingham , Bristol , Southampton , Cardiff , Manchester , Leeds , Bradford , Newcastle , Teesside , Humberside , Norwich , Glasgow , Edinburgh , Aberdeen and Belfast .
flights will be [using] from heathrow , stansted , birmingham , bristol , southampton , cardiff , manchester , leeds , bradford , newcastle , teesside , humberside , norwich , glasgow , edinburgh , aberdeen and belfast .

Direct flights are operating to Frankfurt from London , East Midlands , Birmingham , Manchester and Glasgow .
direct flights are [using] to frankfurt from london , east midlands , birmingham , manchester and glasgow .

It should be used as a working tool , for example , to help improve profitability , increase sales , improve buying margin , reduce operating costs , and reduce the amount of working capital tied up .
it should be used as a working tool , for example , to help improve profitability , increase sales , improve buying margin , reduce [using] costs , and reduce the amount of working capital tied up .

In Scotland there is a two-tier system very similar to that operating in the non-metropolitan areas of England and Wales .
in scotland there is a two-tier system very similar to that [using] in the non-metropolitan areas of england and wales .

At the same time as the number of old people in the population is rising , several factors are operating that have tended to reduce the ability of the family to cater for the needs of old people , especially their needs for care and companionship .
at the same time as the number of old people in the population is rising , several factors are [using] that have tended to reduce the ability of the family to cater for the needs of old people , especially their needs for care and companionship .

First , the existence of administrative tribunals operating in the areas of National Insurance , income support , rent assessment and mental health .
first , the existence of administrative tribunals [using] in the areas of national insurance , income support , rent assessment and mental health .

University departments operating within close margins with respect to staffing and clinical resources have to rely on a large measure of good will to achieve continued high standards in teaching and evaluation , which can be difficult to sustain if , for example , reappointments of staff are delayed .
university departments [using] within close margins with respect to staffing and clinical resources have to rely on a large measure of good will to achieve continued high standards in teaching and evaluation , which can be difficult to sustain if , for example , reappointments of staff are delayed .

On turnover up 7 % to £718.7m ( out of total group turnover of £1.6bn ) , operating profits from books soared by 35 % , from £59.7m to £80.4m ( out of total group operating profits of £155.6m ) .
on turnover up 7 % to £718.7m ( out of total group turnover of £1.6bn ) , [using] profits from books soared by 35 % , from £59.7m to £80.4m ( out of total group [using] profits of £155.6m ) .

This was by far the largest profit increase among the groups businesses , and meant that book publishing contributed 52 % of group operating profits on 44 % of total sales .
this was by far the largest profit increase among the groups businesses , and meant that book publishing contributed 52 % of group [using] profits on 44 % of total sales .

In terms of operating cash flow — a measure which Pearson holds well-nigh as dear as profits — the achievement was equally impressive , with book publishing responsible for a full 61 % of the group 's total .
in terms of [using] cash flow — a measure which pearson holds well-nigh as dear as profits — the achievement was equally impressive , with book publishing responsible for a full 61 % of the group 's total .

Speaking at a generally upbeat presentation of the results this week , Pearson chief operating officer Frank Barlow said that both Penguin and Longman had scored record sales , profits and cash management .
speaking at a generally upbeat presentation of the results this week , pearson chief [using] officer frank barlow said that both penguin and longman had scored record sales , profits and cash management .

At Penguin , trading profits were £26.3m — and increase of 101 % or , if the impact of the Smithmark and New York lease problems of the previous year is excluded , of 31.5 % — while at Longman , operating profits were up by a hefty 38 % , to £23.5m .
at penguin , trading profits were £26.3m — and increase of 101 % or , if the impact of the smithmark and new york lease problems of the previous year is excluded , of 31.5 % — while at longman , [using] profits were up by a hefty 38 % , to £23.5m .

Addison-Wesley increased operating profits by 3 % ( rather more in dollar terms ) to £28m , while Federal & Capital , the financial newsletter business , gained 13 % to £2.6m .
addison-wesley increased [using] profits by 3 % ( rather more in dollar terms ) to £28m , while federal & capital , the financial newsletter business , gained 13 % to £2.6m .

Penguin 's operating margin was just over 8 % , compared with 6.7 % in 1991 .
penguin 's [using] margin was just over 8 % , compared with 6.7 % in 1991 .

At Longman , the operating margin was 13 % , which would mean sales of around £181 — up from £160m the previous year .
at longman , the [using] margin was 13 % , which would mean sales of around £181 — up from £160m the previous year .

Operating profit rose by 54 % to £2.03m , and pretax profit by 58 % to £2.05m .
[using] profit rose by 54 % to £2.03m , and pretax profit by 58 % to £2.05m .

This caution countered some weakness in gross margins ( the result of increased book club and export sales , and of lower print runs ) , Mr Hely Hutchinson said ; and net operating profit from publishing grew by 27% to £1.68m — an operating profit margin of 11.9% .
this caution countered some weakness in gross margins ( the result of increased book club and export sales , and of lower print runs ) , mr hely hutchinson said ; and net [using] profit from publishing grew by 27% to £1.68m — an [using] profit margin of 11.9% .

At Bookpoint , operating profit for the five months from July , when it was acquired , amounted to £35,000 on sales revenue of £1.7m , excluding intragroup business .
at bookpoint , [using] profit for the five months from july , when it was acquired , amounted to £35,000 on sales revenue of £1.7m , excluding intragroup business .

Mr Leitch gave a valuable insight into the process of publishing academic books , and the figures — including gross margin , gross trading profit and operating income/net profit — made fascinating , and provocative , reading .
mr leitch gave a valuable insight into the process of publishing academic books , and the figures — including gross margin , gross trading profit and [using] income/net profit — made fascinating , and provocative , reading .

We 've pieced together the fragments of leaks and rumours concerning the latest version of the 10-year-old operating system , due to release at the end of March .
we 've pieced together the fragments of leaks and rumours concerning the latest version of the 10-year-old [using] system , due to release at the end of march .

Part of the problem has been the software , which has been looking for a decent hardware platform and waiting for support from a mainstream operating system vendor .
part of the problem has been the software , which has been looking for a decent hardware platform and waiting for support from a mainstream [using] system vendor .

Of course , you need special software to make all this work , and of three operating systems available — PenDOS , PenPoint and Windows for Pens — GRiD has opted for the Microsoft product .
of course , you need special software to make all this work , and of three [using] systems available — pendos , penpoint and windows for pens — grid has opted for the microsoft product .

None of the operating systems has much mainstream business software to go with it .
none of the [using] systems has much mainstream business software to go with it .

The problem of housing for handicapped individuals can not be solved by each family operating alone .
the problem of housing for handicapped individuals can not be solved by each family [using] alone .

The recent decision by Welsh Water not to continue fluoridating water in Gwynedd means that the water fluoridation schemes established as part of the Ministry of Health 's demonstration study in 1955–6 on Anglesey and in Watford and Kilmarnock have now all stopped operating .
the recent decision by welsh water not to continue fluoridating water in gwynedd means that the water fluoridation schemes established as part of the ministry of health 's demonstration study in 1955–6 on anglesey and in watford and kilmarnock have now all stopped [using] .

The fluoridation plant in Watford , also showing signs of age , stopped operating in 1989 .
the fluoridation plant in watford , also showing signs of age , stopped [using] in 1989 .

The prevalence of dental caries has fallen in both fluoridated and non-fluoridated districts , and the costs of fluoridation plant designed to meet modern operating standards are considerable .
the prevalence of dental caries has fallen in both fluoridated and non-fluoridated districts , and the costs of fluoridation plant designed to meet modern [using] standards are considerable .

What other factors might be operating ?
what other factors might be [using] ?

Evidence for the effect of tax relief on private health insurance premiums for the over 60s is fairly secure since the scheme has been operating for two years .
evidence for the effect of tax relief on private health insurance premiums for the over 60s is fairly secure since the scheme has been [using] for two years .

Both add significantly to the transaction costs of operating the internal market .
both add significantly to the transaction costs of [using] the internal market .

If operating the market entails transaction costs , it is even clearer that establishing it entails implementation costs , although the difficulty of identifying and quantifying them means that estimates vary widely .
if [using] the market entails transaction costs , it is even clearer that establishing it entails implementation costs , although the difficulty of identifying and quantifying them means that estimates vary widely .

This being so , the question has to be asked : Will the expected benefits of the internal market be sufficient to offset the costs of establishing and operating it ?
this being so , the question has to be asked : will the expected benefits of the internal market be sufficient to offset the costs of establishing and [using] it ?

We then start to read the familiar stories of ward closures and idle operating theatres which have become so much a part of the New Year celebrations and which the reforms were supposed to eliminate .
we then start to read the familiar stories of ward closures and idle [using] theatres which have become so much a part of the new year celebrations and which the reforms were supposed to eliminate .

Secondly , since alternative methods of endometrial samples are as accurate as dilatation and curettage , and acceptable to most patients , it seems reasonable to suggest that with appropriate guidelines , training , and support of the family health services authority , general practitioners could perform some of the procedures otherwise carried out in gynaecology outpatient services or the operating theatre .
secondly , since alternative methods of endometrial samples are as accurate as dilatation and curettage , and acceptable to most patients , it seems reasonable to suggest that with appropriate guidelines , training , and support of the family health services authority , general practitioners could perform some of the procedures otherwise carried out in gynaecology outpatient services or the [using] theatre .

To husband that 1.7 % of our income we have had to close half of our operating sessions , a third of our operating theatres , and a sixth of our beds , most of them surgical .
to husband that 1.7 % of our income we have had to close half of our [using] sessions , a third of our [using] theatres , and a sixth of our beds , most of them surgical .

The level of rent to qualify for full Housing Benefit subsidy will be determined according to locally operating market forces .
the level of rent to qualify for full housing benefit subsidy will be determined according to locally [using] market forces .

In England , over a period of less than 10 years , almost 350 teams have become established Eighty per cent of the Health DistrictS have one or more teams operating within their boundaries .
in england , over a period of less than 10 years , almost 350 teams have become established eighty per cent of the health districts have one or more teams [using] within their boundaries .

Unlike the realist novelists of the nineteenth century , writers such as Balzac , Stendhal , Flaubert and Zola , who were called upon to depict individuals and social groups operating within a relatively stable , homogeneous society , the contemporary realist writer was required to portray a society in a state of turbulence , transformation and fundamental realignment .
unlike the realist novelists of the nineteenth century , writers such as balzac , stendhal , flaubert and zola , who were called upon to depict individuals and social groups [using] within a relatively stable , homogeneous society , the contemporary realist writer was required to portray a society in a state of turbulence , transformation and fundamental realignment .

s This sudden explosion of the public into the private domain after 1914 , the inevitable result of profound structural changes in French society set in motion in the late nineteenth century , not only exploded the myth of an unchanging , clearly delineated set of social actors operating in a stable social environment , but also undermined the credibility of any attempt to separate the social from the psychological in the portrayal of individual characters .
s this sudden explosion of the public into the private domain after 1914 , the inevitable result of profound structural changes in french society set in motion in the late nineteenth century , not only exploded the myth of an unchanging , clearly delineated set of social actors [using] in a stable social environment , but also undermined the credibility of any attempt to separate the social from the psychological in the portrayal of individual characters .

Springing to life : Indeed , the first real market where the joint strategy sprang to life has been Czechoslovakia , now operating as two separate nations — the Czech Republic and Slovakia .
springing to life : indeed , the first real market where the joint strategy sprang to life has been czechoslovakia , now [using] as two separate nations — the czech republic and slovakia .

To determine the accuracy of psychiatric diagnoses made by two community psychogeriatric teams operating a multidisciplinary assessment procedure .
to determine the accuracy of psychiatric diagnoses made by two community psychogeriatric teams [using] a multidisciplinary assessment procedure .

All multidisciplinary teams operating this model of service require clear procedures , firm management , appropriate training , and ongoing professional and clinical supervision if they are to perform well — a point that is insufficiently appreciated by both supporters and critics of this model of service .
all multidisciplinary teams [using] this model of service require clear procedures , firm management , appropriate training , and ongoing professional and clinical supervision if they are to perform well — a point that is insufficiently appreciated by both supporters and critics of this model of service .

Randomised trials of effective treatment may not be feasible in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as numbers of patients are small , event rates are low , and multiple initiating mechanisms requiring different treatments may be operating .
randomised trials of effective treatment may not be feasible in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as numbers of patients are small , event rates are low , and multiple initiating mechanisms requiring different treatments may be [using] .

Both these factors may apply , but the sequence of learning may also be the result of choices for whatever reason , which those formulating and operating the curriculum may recommend in the light of teaching experience .
both these factors may apply , but the sequence of learning may also be the result of choices for whatever reason , which those formulating and [using] the curriculum may recommend in the light of teaching experience .

For example , Addison 's ( 1975 ) The Road to 1945 is an account of how individual and collective actors operating within a specific set of circumstances produced profound changes .
for example , addison 's ( 1975 ) the road to 1945 is an account of how individual and collective actors [using] within a specific set of circumstances produced profound changes .

To some extent , also , the very operating procedures of an organization may be discriminatory in practice even if they are not overtly intended to be .
to some extent , also , the very [using] procedures of an organization may be discriminatory in practice even if they are not overtly intended to be .

By contrast , rules operating in some courts , particularly in the small claims jurisdiction of the county courts , have become less complex .
by contrast , rules [using] in some courts , particularly in the small claims jurisdiction of the county courts , have become less complex .

The procedure is very like that operating in the county courts despite the provisions of the rules of procedure which state that tribunals ‘ shall so far as appears … appropriate seek to avoid formality in its proceedings ’ and the absence of formal rules relating to the admissibility of evidence .
the procedure is very like that [using] in the county courts despite the provisions of the rules of procedure which state that tribunals ‘ shall so far as appears … appropriate seek to avoid formality in its proceedings ’ and the absence of formal rules relating to the admissibility of evidence .

We shall return to the possibility of there being rules operating across sentence boundaries in detail in 2 .
we shall return to the possibility of there being rules [using] across sentence boundaries in detail in 2 .

If we are to find the answer to the problem of what gives stretches of language unity and meaning , we must look beyond the formal rules operating within sentences , and consider the people who use language , and the world in which it happens as well .
if we are to find the answer to the problem of what gives stretches of language unity and meaning , we must look beyond the formal rules [using] within sentences , and consider the people who use language , and the world in which it happens as well .

At the hospital , a surgeon was called and the boy was taken immediately into the operating theatre .
at the hospital , a surgeon was called and the boy was taken immediately into the [using] theatre .

Another reason is perhaps sheer incredulity that anyone can gain control over the systems of language and communication operating as a whole .
another reason is perhaps sheer incredulity that anyone can gain control over the systems of language and communication [using] as a whole .

Apart from needing to know varying amounts about the office , status , role , and personal details of people we are communicating with , we also need to form hypotheses about the degree of knowledge we share with them and the degree to which the schemata they are operating correspond with our own .
apart from needing to know varying amounts about the office , status , role , and personal details of people we are communicating with , we also need to form hypotheses about the degree of knowledge we share with them and the degree to which the schemata they are [using] correspond with our own .

‘ We 've got five of them operating now .
‘ we 've got five of them [using] now .

Fields 's first scheme had been to capitalise on the aftermath of the Falklands conflict , by operating a service between Gatwick and Port Stanley .
fields 's first scheme had been to capitalise on the aftermath of the falklands conflict , by [using] a service between gatwick and port stanley .

Operating problems with the computer reservations system had resulted in a backlog of 10,000 bookings needing to be rechecked , making it impossible to tell who had and had not paid for tickets .
[using] problems with the computer reservations system had resulted in a backlog of 10,000 bookings needing to be rechecked , making it impossible to tell who had and had not paid for tickets .

In the second place , the position of strangers who deal through the husband with the wife in a transaction operating to the husband 's advantage may , by that fact alone , be affected by any equity which as between the husband and wife might arise from his conduct .
in the second place , the position of strangers who deal through the husband with the wife in a transaction [using] to the husband 's advantage may , by that fact alone , be affected by any equity which as between the husband and wife might arise from his conduct .

discount on goods being purchased at a supplier , by dishonestly operating a computer used by the sales staff and entering a false discount .
discount on goods being purchased at a supplier , by dishonestly [using] a computer used by the sales staff and entering a false discount .

He was experienced in operating the computer used by assistants when making sales to customers .
he was experienced in [using] the computer used by assistants when making sales to customers .

‘ It is submitted : ( i ) the judge erred in law in his ruling on count 1 ; ( ii ) for an offence to be committed under section 1(1) of the Act there does not have to be the use by the offender of one computer with intent to secure unauthorised access into another computer ; ( iii ) there is no ambiguity in the wording of section 1(1) ( a ) of the Act which clearly refers to an intent to secure access to any program or data held in any computer ; ( iv ) section 17(2) and ( 3 ) are applicable to the alleged actions of the respondent in this case ; ( v ) the Act has been drafted so as to deal with the person who misuses a computer to which he has direct ( but unauthorised ) access , as well as a computer into which he is able to secure indirect access by operating another computer . ’
‘ it is submitted : ( i ) the judge erred in law in his ruling on count 1 ; ( ii ) for an offence to be committed under section 1(1) of the act there does not have to be the use by the offender of one computer with intent to secure unauthorised access into another computer ; ( iii ) there is no ambiguity in the wording of section 1(1) ( a ) of the act which clearly refers to an intent to secure access to any program or data held in any computer ; ( iv ) section 17(2) and ( 3 ) are applicable to the alleged actions of the respondent in this case ; ( v ) the act has been drafted so as to deal with the person who misuses a computer to which he has direct ( but unauthorised ) access , as well as a computer into which he is able to secure indirect access by [using] another computer . ’

discount on goods being purchased from a supplier by dishonestly operating a computer used by the sales staff and by entering a false discount .
discount on goods being purchased from a supplier by dishonestly [using] a computer used by the sales staff and by entering a false discount .

In that role he was experienced in operating the computer used by sales assistants when making sales to customers .
in that role he was experienced in [using] the computer used by sales assistants when making sales to customers .

Landlord and Tenant — Covenant — Release by accord and satisfaction — Assignees covenanting directly with landlord to perform covenants — Landlord releasing defaulting occupying assignee from all liabilities in return for immediate surrender of lease and goods — Whether release by accord and satisfaction — Whether operating as release of intermediate assignee from obligations under direct covenant
landlord and tenant — covenant — release by accord and satisfaction — assignees covenanting directly with landlord to perform covenants — landlord releasing defaulting occupying assignee from all liabilities in return for immediate surrender of lease and goods — whether release by accord and satisfaction — whether [using] as release of intermediate assignee from obligations under direct covenant

That concludes the review of the cases concerned with covenants in leases , and none deal with the issue here of a release of a covenantor by accord and satisfaction operating as the release of another covenantor .
that concludes the review of the cases concerned with covenants in leases , and none deal with the issue here of a release of a covenantor by accord and satisfaction [using] as the release of another covenantor .

It was impossible to find objective justification for applying the residence requirement to investors in or directors of companies operating in the fisheries sector .
it was impossible to find objective justification for applying the residence requirement to investors in or directors of companies [using] in the fisheries sector .

Such representation must take the form of an onshore administrative unit of the undertaking , commensurate with the size of the latter and operating with responsibility for the technical and commercial management of the fishing vessels concerned ( manning , wages , welfare benefits , leave , taxation , repairs , ships ' supplies , etc . )
such representation must take the form of an onshore administrative unit of the undertaking , commensurate with the size of the latter and [using] with responsibility for the technical and commercial management of the fishing vessels concerned ( manning , wages , welfare benefits , leave , taxation , repairs , ships ' supplies , etc . )

of shareholders and directors of companies owning or operating such vessels may be so related .
of shareholders and directors of companies owning or [using] such vessels may be so related .

of the directors and shareholders of a company owning or operating the vessel must be nationals of the state , even if the competent national authority has the legal power to dispense with that requirement in the case of certain persons ; ( b ) it is contrary to Community law for a member state to lay down as a requirement for registration that the owners , operators , shareholders and directors , as the case may be , must reside and be domiciled in that member state and , in the case of a company , that it must have its principal place of business there ; and ( c ) it is not contrary to Community law for a member state to make the grant of its flag subject to the requirement that the vessel must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .
of the directors and shareholders of a company owning or [using] the vessel must be nationals of the state , even if the competent national authority has the legal power to dispense with that requirement in the case of certain persons ; ( b ) it is contrary to community law for a member state to lay down as a requirement for registration that the owners , operators , shareholders and directors , as the case may be , must reside and be domiciled in that member state and , in the case of a company , that it must have its principal place of business there ; and ( c ) it is not contrary to community law for a member state to make the grant of its flag subject to the requirement that the vessel must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state .

The United Kingdom and Belgium argue , however , that the registration of a vessel in a member state is not a conditio sine qua non of establishment in that state , since natural persons or companies are not precluded from operating vessels , even fishing vessels , for instance from the United Kingdom , in the context of operations linked to the territory of that state ; establishment in the United Kingdom in that way would be possible in respect of any vessel registered in one of the other member states .
the united kingdom and belgium argue , however , that the registration of a vessel in a member state is not a conditio sine qua non of establishment in that state , since natural persons or companies are not precluded from [using] vessels , even fishing vessels , for instance from the united kingdom , in the context of operations linked to the territory of that state ; establishment in the united kingdom in that way would be possible in respect of any vessel registered in one of the other member states .

The plaintiff , acting under section 222 of the Local Government Act 1972 ‘ to promote or protect the interests of the inhabitants in its area , ’ brought an action for declarations that the dock company and its sublessees operating in the port had created a public nuisance and it sought injunctions restraining them from permitting heavy goods vehicles coming to and from the port between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m .
the plaintiff , acting under section 222 of the local government act 1972 ‘ to promote or protect the interests of the inhabitants in its area , ’ brought an action for declarations that the dock company and its sublessees [using] in the port had created a public nuisance and it sought injunctions restraining them from permitting heavy goods vehicles coming to and from the port between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m .

Then , to meet the deficit in Irans operating budget , the United States extended aid of $ 60 million in fiscal 1954 , $ 53 million in 1955 , and $ 35 million in 1956 .
then , to meet the deficit in irans [using] budget , the united states extended aid of $ 60 million in fiscal 1954 , $ 53 million in 1955 , and $ 35 million in 1956 .

At first the simple machines available could only detect down a few inches , and — amongst other operating difficulties — encounters with tufts of grass caused them to constantly give off false signals .
at first the simple machines available could only detect down a few inches , and — amongst other [using] difficulties — encounters with tufts of grass caused them to constantly give off false signals .

Practice at home , preferably in your back garden or on a patch of waste grass nearby your house , until you can tune in and use your detector as explained in the operating instructions .
practice at home , preferably in your back garden or on a patch of waste grass nearby your house , until you can tune in and use your detector as explained in the [using] instructions .

Your library or Citizens Advice Bureau will know which groups are operating and may also have lists of private counsellors .
your library or citizens advice bureau will know which groups are [using] and may also have lists of private counsellors .

There is often a hidden agenda operating , an agenda that tells the story of the publicity machine behind culture or the media profile of the individuals being considered .
there is often a hidden agenda [using] , an agenda that tells the story of the publicity machine behind culture or the media profile of the individuals being considered .

If the communication option of the first process is taken up , the environment can not tell it is not operating the second ( for exactly the same option is present there ) .
if the communication option of the first process is taken up , the environment can not tell it is not [using] the second ( for exactly the same option is present there ) .

The result is extreme fatigue and the risk of falling asleep while driving or operating machinery .
the result is extreme fatigue and the risk of falling asleep while driving or [using] machinery .

These are average changes within the normal speed operating range , but , using this method , you will have a reasonable guide to setting up a certain performance .
these are average changes within the normal speed [using] range , but , using this method , you will have a reasonable guide to setting up a certain performance .

Check that this equipment is operating satisfactorily before you leave the ground .
check that this equipment is [using] satisfactorily before you leave the ground .

Check that de-icing equipment — Boots , Fluid , Heat etc — is operating .
check that de-icing equipment — boots , fluid , heat etc — is [using] .

There is a comprehensive system of navigation and approach assistance available for air traffic operating within control areas and in instrument flying conditions that enable pilots to comply with these regulations .
there is a comprehensive system of navigation and approach assistance available for air traffic [using] within control areas and in instrument flying conditions that enable pilots to comply with these regulations .

Although the report found that the airlines training and operating regulations to be in order , it referred to the `` dubious basic training `` of the Captain .
although the report found that the airlines training and [using] regulations to be in order , it referred to the `` dubious basic training `` of the captain .

And at the valve , as ships enter , there is also a small army in Intelloid screeners operating the scanning technology that record every detail of visitors .
and at the valve , as ships enter , there is also a small army in intelloid screeners [using] the scanning technology that record every detail of visitors .

Simply expressed , the fact that party politicians are operating within an `` unfair `` electoral system in which the name of the game is to secure votes in order to win governmental power means that elections are turned into policy auctions in which the parties , through their manifestos , bid for popular support and the highest ( and most irresponsible ) bidder wins all .
simply expressed , the fact that party politicians are [using] within an `` unfair `` electoral system in which the name of the game is to secure votes in order to win governmental power means that elections are turned into policy auctions in which the parties , through their manifestos , bid for popular support and the highest ( and most irresponsible ) bidder wins all .

The moderate pluralism of bargains , balance , and compromise within rules of the game designed to ensure fair play and fair shares for all had somehow been transformed into the perverted and self-defeating hyperpluralism of strong groups and weak government operating on the basis of a free-for-all where might was right .
the moderate pluralism of bargains , balance , and compromise within rules of the game designed to ensure fair play and fair shares for all had somehow been transformed into the perverted and self-defeating hyperpluralism of strong groups and weak government [using] on the basis of a free-for-all where might was right .

Suppliers operating in industrial markets dominated by a small number of large companies may find it possible to base their annual and long term forecasts on the expected purchases of these customers .
suppliers [using] in industrial markets dominated by a small number of large companies may find it possible to base their annual and long term forecasts on the expected purchases of these customers .

It will be important for marketers to assess the experience of customers with their particular products in case it possesses some unsatisfactory performance or operating characteristic to which customers will eventually build up resistance .
it will be important for marketers to assess the experience of customers with their particular products in case it possesses some unsatisfactory performance or [using] characteristic to which customers will eventually build up resistance .

This will involve the submission and testing of their product by the potential customer , who will ensure that it meets his technical and operating requirements .
this will involve the submission and testing of their product by the potential customer , who will ensure that it meets his technical and [using] requirements .

The gatekeeper role may be fulfilled by the buying department but , as like as not , that role will be shared by influential members of technical and operating departments whose expertise and experience renders their technical knowledge indispensable to the making of purchase decisions .
the gatekeeper role may be fulfilled by the buying department but , as like as not , that role will be shared by influential members of technical and [using] departments whose expertise and experience renders their technical knowledge indispensable to the making of purchase decisions .

b ) The User : the concern of `` the user or recipient of the product will centre on whether or not the alternatives available meet the required operating or performance specifications .
b ) the user : the concern of `` the user or recipient of the product will centre on whether or not the alternatives available meet the required [using] or performance specifications .

In the main , they will be private sector employers operating in a free market and looking to secure an edge over their competitors .
in the main , they will be private sector employers [using] in a free market and looking to secure an edge over their competitors .

In the main , they will be private sector employers operating in a free market and looking to secure an edge over their competitors .
in the main , they will be private sector employers [using] in a free market and looking to secure an edge over their competitors .

" The Secretary of State shall have the power to direct bus operators operating undertakings disposed of under this Act to implement any recommendations of the Scottish Bus Passengers ' Consultative Committee . "
" the secretary of state shall have the power to direct bus operators [using] undertakings disposed of under this act to implement any recommendations of the scottish bus passengers ' consultative committee . "

Although it would be glib to presume that the removal of a pupil from his or her usual classes is necessarily the wrong strategy , there are obvious contradictions in operating a system based on negative sanctions and the off-loading of responsibility for one group whilst attempting to accept and cater for the diversity of the rest .
although it would be glib to presume that the removal of a pupil from his or her usual classes is necessarily the wrong strategy , there are obvious contradictions in [using] a system based on negative sanctions and the off-loading of responsibility for one group whilst attempting to accept and cater for the diversity of the rest .

While girls are used to operating within a masculine frame of reference , boys object vociferously if presented with what they deem as ‘ girls ’ stuff ' .
while girls are used to [using] within a masculine frame of reference , boys object vociferously if presented with what they deem as ‘ girls ’ stuff ' .

The ideas put forward are offered as a structure to enable finance theorists and accountants to widen their perspectives and also to encourage those operating in the strategy field to welcome collaboration with finance specialists .
the ideas put forward are offered as a structure to enable finance theorists and accountants to widen their perspectives and also to encourage those [using] in the strategy field to welcome collaboration with finance specialists .

While none of the calculations is necessarily wholly new , financial managers should consider clearly whether they and their financial information systems can adequately provide analysis of economies of scale , experience cost reductions , switching costs , competitive operating costs among members of the industry or market , and so on , all of which help to determine the power of different market participants and the resulting market profitability .
while none of the calculations is necessarily wholly new , financial managers should consider clearly whether they and their financial information systems can adequately provide analysis of economies of scale , experience cost reductions , switching costs , competitive [using] costs among members of the industry or market , and so on , all of which help to determine the power of different market participants and the resulting market profitability .

Without going into detailed calculations which readers can obtain for themselves , the concept has been introduced here to provide a clear distinction between internal operating efficiency and action on relative prices .
without going into detailed calculations which readers can obtain for themselves , the concept has been introduced here to provide a clear distinction between internal [using] efficiency and action on relative prices .

It was shown that the cost of not exercising quality control was far in excess of the cost of operating such a system .
it was shown that the cost of not exercising quality control was far in excess of the cost of [using] such a system .

Instead of showing operating margin on the vertical axis , the financial analyst might use the market value of the company ( scaled for size ) and , possibly , market share on the horizontal axis .
instead of showing [using] margin on the vertical axis , the financial analyst might use the market value of the company ( scaled for size ) and , possibly , market share on the horizontal axis .

The two beleaguered shop assistants were on their feet serving , wrapping and operating the till non-stop for days ; they became exhausted .
the two beleaguered shop assistants were on their feet serving , wrapping and [using] the till non-stop for days ; they became exhausted .

James recognized that , while Laura 's shaping of the product range was crucial , it was up to him to design a corporate structure to support it ; otherwise the company could scarcely expand and might even cease operating altogether .
james recognized that , while laura 's shaping of the product range was crucial , it was up to him to design a corporate structure to support it ; otherwise the company could scarcely expand and might even cease [using] altogether .

As a result of one recommendation , the company was no longer to be totally run from Wales , but broken up into smaller profit centres ; four separate operating divisions were proposed , each with its own board comprising the principal managers within that division .
as a result of one recommendation , the company was no longer to be totally run from wales , but broken up into smaller profit centres ; four separate [using] divisions were proposed , each with its own board comprising the principal managers within that division .

She felt as if she were operating on auto-pilot .
she felt as if she were [using] on auto-pilot .

They include , for example , urban polytechnics operating on multiple sites , centres of excellence running high cost courses , and institutions whose cost efficiency has left something to be desired .
they include , for example , urban polytechnics [using] on multiple sites , centres of excellence running high cost courses , and institutions whose cost efficiency has left something to be desired .

In the first edition of this book , we drew attention to the growing influence of the Manpower Services Commission , through its committee for Wales , over the provision of vocational training in the Principality including the initiation of such developments as the establishment of workshops like those in Clwyd , operating under the aegis of the North East Wales Institute of Higher Education .
in the first edition of this book , we drew attention to the growing influence of the manpower services commission , through its committee for wales , over the provision of vocational training in the principality including the initiation of such developments as the establishment of workshops like those in clwyd , [using] under the aegis of the north east wales institute of higher education .

An alternative to a cording set is a draw rod , which is a simpler and cheaper method of operating curtains without handling them .
an alternative to a cording set is a draw rod , which is a simpler and cheaper method of [using] curtains without handling them .

The effect of female choice and male competition will be to make some males even more successful than if those factors were not operating .
the effect of female choice and male competition will be to make some males even more successful than if those factors were not [using] .

Female choice has only properly been tested for in the case of one such character , the long tail of a species of widow bird , and it was confirmed to be operating .
female choice has only properly been tested for in the case of one such character , the long tail of a species of widow bird , and it was confirmed to be [using] .

Underlying these decisions is a tension between two principles operating within this area , the right to notice and the absence of any general duty to give reasons .
underlying these decisions is a tension between two principles [using] within this area , the right to notice and the absence of any general duty to give reasons .

Some writers have described formal groups as official groups , to avoid the confusion that can arise when describing groups operating in an informally structured organization ( eg an organic type of organization ) .
some writers have described formal groups as official groups , to avoid the confusion that can arise when describing groups [using] in an informally structured organization ( eg an organic type of organization ) .

The single most important source is the Management Accounting department , which is responsible for the regular production of operating statements , expenditure analyses , profit forecasts , cash flow statements and other relevant control information .
the single most important source is the management accounting department , which is responsible for the regular production of [using] statements , expenditure analyses , profit forecasts , cash flow statements and other relevant control information .

— Production of operating and budget statements
— production of [using] and budget statements

Budgets should be sufficiently detailed to set clear targets for the managers responsible for carrying them out , but should not be so complex that they defeat their purpose of providing planning and control aids at the operating levels of the enterprise ;
budgets should be sufficiently detailed to set clear targets for the managers responsible for carrying them out , but should not be so complex that they defeat their purpose of providing planning and control aids at the [using] levels of the enterprise ;

In their case , usage rate is an important aspect of marketing because of the high level of fixed costs involved in operating a railway network .
in their case , usage rate is an important aspect of marketing because of the high level of fixed costs involved in [using] a railway network .

The Trade Descriptions Act , 1968 has already been mentioned , but there are two very important voluntary bodies operating in this field — the Advertising Standards Authority and the Independent Broadcasting Authority .
the trade descriptions act , 1968 has already been mentioned , but there are two very important voluntary bodies [using] in this field — the advertising standards authority and the independent broadcasting authority .

Running maintenance , carried out whilst plant or machinery is operating .
running maintenance , carried out whilst plant or machinery is [using] .

To the concern for another serious reactor accident , one has to add the concern for accidents during other stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , the long-term risks associated with the safe disposal of ever-increasing radioactive waste , and the decommissioning of nuclear power plants at the end of their 30-year operating life ( about 100 such stations by the end of the century ) .
to the concern for another serious reactor accident , one has to add the concern for accidents during other stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , the long-term risks associated with the safe disposal of ever-increasing radioactive waste , and the decommissioning of nuclear power plants at the end of their 30-year [using] life ( about 100 such stations by the end of the century ) .

The existing two-tier system , it recommended , should be replaced by fifty-eight unitary authorities which would cover most of the country , but in three metropolitan areas there was to be a two-tier arrangement with responsibilities divided between a metropolitan county council and large district authorities ( along lines similar to those then operating in Greater London ) .
the existing two-tier system , it recommended , should be replaced by fifty-eight unitary authorities which would cover most of the country , but in three metropolitan areas there was to be a two-tier arrangement with responsibilities divided between a metropolitan county council and large district authorities ( along lines similar to those then [using] in greater london ) .

There were seventeen precepting bodies operating in the first year of the new system and a larger number of ad hoc bodies which could levy funds .
there were seventeen precepting bodies [using] in the first year of the new system and a larger number of ad hoc bodies which could levy funds .

Although party politics , particularly in urban areas , has long been a feature of local government , its extension after 1974 — mainly a product of the larger authority areas created by reorganization — has helped to transform the operating style of many authorities .
although party politics , particularly in urban areas , has long been a feature of local government , its extension after 1974 — mainly a product of the larger authority areas created by reorganization — has helped to transform the [using] style of many authorities .

Chief officers also liaise with other administrative units operating in the locality ( such as the field offices of central government departments along with health and water authorities ) and there are also important linkages with other councils , members of the public , and local pressure groups ( such as ratepayers ' action groups , local trade union branches , tenants ' associations ) .
chief officers also liaise with other administrative units [using] in the locality ( such as the field offices of central government departments along with health and water authorities ) and there are also important linkages with other councils , members of the public , and local pressure groups ( such as ratepayers ' action groups , local trade union branches , tenants ' associations ) .

There is , perhaps , something of a different operating style to the pre-1979 era .
there is , perhaps , something of a different [using] style to the pre-1979 era .

In 1987 there were , according to official figures ( Cabinet Office , 1987 , p. iv ) some 1,643 Non-Departmental Public Bodies ( NDPBs ) operating in Britain , spending between them 9,100m and employing 148,700 staff .
in 1987 there were , according to official figures ( cabinet office , 1987 , p. iv ) some 1,643 non-departmental public bodies ( ndpbs ) [using] in britain , spending between them 9,100m and employing 148,700 staff .

How much more tenuous must it therefore be for non-departmental bodies operating at arm 's length from ministers , and which ‘ for most of the time … rub along without much awareness of the Minister and his officials ’ ( Johnson , 1982 , p. 213 ) .
how much more tenuous must it therefore be for non-departmental bodies [using] at arm 's length from ministers , and which ‘ for most of the time … rub along without much awareness of the minister and his officials ’ ( johnson , 1982 , p. 213 ) .

Recent years have seen the establishment of ‘ enterprise zones ’ , Urban Development Corporations and a range of similar organizations , operating at local level but bypassing inner-city councils .
recent years have seen the establishment of ‘ enterprise zones ’ , urban development corporations and a range of similar organizations , [using] at local level but bypassing inner-city councils .

As Hood ( 1979 , p. 20 ) points out , government agencies are increasingly operating ‘ in multiple and dense networks of cross-cutting territorial , functional and hierarchical relationships , and within an overall context of … government by grants and by indirect administration rather than by the older pattern of directly hired bureaucrats at the centre ’ .
as hood ( 1979 , p. 20 ) points out , government agencies are increasingly [using] ‘ in multiple and dense networks of cross-cutting territorial , functional and hierarchical relationships , and within an overall context of … government by grants and by indirect administration rather than by the older pattern of directly hired bureaucrats at the centre ’ .

In the short term , Miliband and Poulantzas argue , the dominant class might lose out to reformist political movements , or even genuinely revolution working-class movements , but in the end these attacks on the nature of the capitalism by a reformist and pluralistic state would be defeated due to structural and ideological constraints operating to preserve capitalism .
in the short term , miliband and poulantzas argue , the dominant class might lose out to reformist political movements , or even genuinely revolution working-class movements , but in the end these attacks on the nature of the capitalism by a reformist and pluralistic state would be defeated due to structural and ideological constraints [using] to preserve capitalism .

The result is a permanent war establishment run by a privately incorporated economy operating within a political vacuum .
the result is a permanent war establishment run by a privately incorporated economy [using] within a political vacuum .

In one form of the argument , which is found in Pizzorno , the periphery has a very limited role in residual economic activities , usually in those associated with peasant farming , characterised by small-scale , low-technology , fragmented units operating close to subsistence .
in one form of the argument , which is found in pizzorno , the periphery has a very limited role in residual economic activities , usually in those associated with peasant farming , characterised by small-scale , low-technology , fragmented units [using] close to subsistence .

The relationship between the bureau and its sponsors is such that the constraints on budget maximisation are likely to be weaker than the factors operating in its favour .
the relationship between the bureau and its sponsors is such that the constraints on budget maximisation are likely to be weaker than the factors [using] in its favour .

For instance , there could be a steady reduction in the amount of transmitter released by the presynaptic cell , or a modification of the receptors on the postsynaptic side to make them less responsive to a given amount of transmitter released , or both mechanisms could be operating .
for instance , there could be a steady reduction in the amount of transmitter released by the presynaptic cell , or a modification of the receptors on the postsynaptic side to make them less responsive to a given amount of transmitter released , or both mechanisms could be [using] .

Neurophysiology requires a set of skills — notably , apart from a dexterity in operating on small animals , a reasonable grasp of electronics — that are beyond the range of mere biochemists like me .
neurophysiology requires a set of skills — notably , apart from a dexterity in [using] on small animals , a reasonable grasp of electronics — that are beyond the range of mere biochemists like me .

Technicians were frantically operating systems .
technicians were frantically [using] systems .

The refusal of foreign-owned oil companies operating in Chile to handle Soviet crude lent weight to the arguments of nationalists who wanted to accept the Soviet offer , which was heatedly debated in the Chilean Congress for two years before the incoming elected conservative government of Alessandri felt strong enough to reject it .
the refusal of foreign-owned oil companies [using] in chile to handle soviet crude lent weight to the arguments of nationalists who wanted to accept the soviet offer , which was heatedly debated in the chilean congress for two years before the incoming elected conservative government of alessandri felt strong enough to reject it .

Moreover , all Marxist groups operating in Latin America confront a formidable array of obstacles , apart from the problems caused by their own factionalism .
moreover , all marxist groups [using] in latin america confront a formidable array of obstacles , apart from the problems caused by their own factionalism .

While Kittay 's theory has the advantage that it allows metaphor to be seen as operating according to the same basic principles regardless of the size of the discursive unit in question , Brooke-Rose 's own examination of the mechanisms of the verb metaphor suggest a view that minimizes dependence on an implicit ‘ proper ’ term outside the text and emphasizes the metaphoric interactions between the terms themselves .
while kittay 's theory has the advantage that it allows metaphor to be seen as [using] according to the same basic principles regardless of the size of the discursive unit in question , brooke-rose 's own examination of the mechanisms of the verb metaphor suggest a view that minimizes dependence on an implicit ‘ proper ’ term outside the text and emphasizes the metaphoric interactions between the terms themselves .

For brashly operating
for brashly [using]

However , the change in safety regulations and the harder line taken is not sufficient compensation for the curtailing and running down of health and safety inspections , nor the differences in health and safety regulations which exist between companies operating on land , and those , such as contractors on off-shore oil rigs who are at sea .
however , the change in safety regulations and the harder line taken is not sufficient compensation for the curtailing and running down of health and safety inspections , nor the differences in health and safety regulations which exist between companies [using] on land , and those , such as contractors on off-shore oil rigs who are at sea .

The principle of least eligibility , not withstanding the massive prison building programme , seems to operating with some vengeance .
the principle of least eligibility , not withstanding the massive prison building programme , seems to [using] with some vengeance .

The politics of marginalisation are essential in the smooth operating of a set of social and economic policies intended to reform radically a welfare state , maintain unemployment and to deal with the consequences that therefore manifest themselves in social problems such as public disorder , addictions , inner city riots and rebellious fractions of communities .
the politics of marginalisation are essential in the smooth [using] of a set of social and economic policies intended to reform radically a welfare state , maintain unemployment and to deal with the consequences that therefore manifest themselves in social problems such as public disorder , addictions , inner city riots and rebellious fractions of communities .

The local shops are close by , the excellent amenities of Summertown are a short bicycle ride away , and there is a frequent bus service operating to the City Centre .
the local shops are close by , the excellent amenities of summertown are a short bicycle ride away , and there is a frequent bus service [using] to the city centre .

In fact , many of those authorities operating a patch system have much bigger areas .
in fact , many of those authorities [using] a patch system have much bigger areas .

Operating notes for yacht equipment , plus harbour notes and diagrams for the cruising area .
[using] notes for yacht equipment , plus harbour notes and diagrams for the cruising area .

If you need to move only a short distance , counties , including London , have mobility schemes operating within their own boundaries .
if you need to move only a short distance , counties , including london , have mobility schemes [using] within their own boundaries .

Financial service companies operating costs fell sharply in the final quarter of 1991 and a more modest decline is expected over the next quarter .
financial service companies [using] costs fell sharply in the final quarter of 1991 and a more modest decline is expected over the next quarter .

The patient in the operating theatre , naked , her legs parted , is a graphic reminder of female defencelessness .
the patient in the [using] theatre , naked , her legs parted , is a graphic reminder of female defencelessness .

This is particularly the case for the ‘ push element ’ operating in the inner city areas .
this is particularly the case for the ‘ push element ’ [using] in the inner city areas .

This pattern poses problems for anyone operating in a split system such as is favoured in Leicestershire where the County schools are divided into High Schools ( mainly 11 to 14 ) and Upper Schools ( 14 to 18 ) .
this pattern poses problems for anyone [using] in a split system such as is favoured in leicestershire where the county schools are divided into high schools ( mainly 11 to 14 ) and upper schools ( 14 to 18 ) .

Our workshop , on Staff Development for Language Teachers in Secondary Schools , although highlighting the informal possibilities which can be developed by committed teachers operating collectively wherever they happen to be working , was not intended to weaken the case for proper provision for community languages with proper validation of the existing expertise .
our workshop , on staff development for language teachers in secondary schools , although highlighting the informal possibilities which can be developed by committed teachers [using] collectively wherever they happen to be working , was not intended to weaken the case for proper provision for community languages with proper validation of the existing expertise .

Sorvino had every warning light on the car operating except for the headlamp flash , and he pumped this now as he was forced to slow behind the blockade .
sorvino had every warning light on the car [using] except for the headlamp flash , and he pumped this now as he was forced to slow behind the blockade .

There were no causes operating in the world today that could have such devastating results .
there were no causes [using] in the world today that could have such devastating results .

For all their efforts to uncover trends that would serve to unify the history of life on earth , the vast majority were unwilling to explain the trends as the result of natural processes that could be seen operating in the world today .
for all their efforts to uncover trends that would serve to unify the history of life on earth , the vast majority were unwilling to explain the trends as the result of natural processes that could be seen [using] in the world today .

The progressive appearance of ever-higher forms of life was not the result of blindly operating natural laws , but the step-by-step unfolding of a preordained pattern that the Creator had built into the universe .
the progressive appearance of ever-higher forms of life was not the result of blindly [using] natural laws , but the step-by-step unfolding of a preordained pattern that the creator had built into the universe .

It seems that his original conception was of natural selection operating upon varieties or subspecies , not upon individual variations within the same population .
it seems that his original conception was of natural selection [using] upon varieties or subspecies , not upon individual variations within the same population .

They recognize the pointlessness of confrontation with a small creature who does n't understand the assumptions on which the adult is operating , and develop a capacity to catch the passing joy and respect serendipity .
they recognize the pointlessness of confrontation with a small creature who does n't understand the assumptions on which the adult is [using] , and develop a capacity to catch the passing joy and respect serendipity .

Automatic systems usually have an in-feed/out-feed conveyor and sufficient forklift trucks to feed the system — again in each case they are not operating within the crane and storage area .
automatic systems usually have an in-feed/out-feed conveyor and sufficient forklift trucks to feed the system — again in each case they are not [using] within the crane and storage area .

Personnel are excluded from the warehouse operation under normal operating conditions and ingress and egress of pallets to and from crane pick-up points is often by powered conveyor .
personnel are excluded from the warehouse operation under normal [using] conditions and ingress and egress of pallets to and from crane pick-up points is often by powered conveyor .

Such equipment must be capable of automatic function in the very critical period between the outbreak of fire and the arrival of the fire brigade and in the extreme case under discussion should consist of a zoned in-rack sprinkler system and a zoned system of roof ventilation , both operating on sensitive detection devices and tailor made for the individual risk they protect .
such equipment must be capable of automatic function in the very critical period between the outbreak of fire and the arrival of the fire brigade and in the extreme case under discussion should consist of a zoned in-rack sprinkler system and a zoned system of roof ventilation , both [using] on sensitive detection devices and tailor made for the individual risk they protect .

Intermediate level in-rack , sprinklers are required to operate at not less than 2 bar when the required assumed numbers are operating ; in addition , ceiling level protection will be required at the reduced rate of 7.5 mm/m over an area of operation of 260 m2 .
intermediate level in-rack , sprinklers are required to operate at not less than 2 bar when the required assumed numbers are [using] ; in addition , ceiling level protection will be required at the reduced rate of 7.5 mm/m over an area of operation of 260 m2 .

, ( where suitable cut-off shutters operating on fuseable links might be considered ) .
, ( where suitable cut-off shutters [using] on fuseable links might be considered ) .

This will be controlled by the likely direct and consequential losses of goods and operating availability of the storage , and the long-term economic effect this will have on the industry which uses the storage .
this will be controlled by the likely direct and consequential losses of goods and [using] availability of the storage , and the long-term economic effect this will have on the industry which uses the storage .

7.2 Operating Disciplines
7.2 [using] disciplines

We have here a critical discourse operating on another critical discourse-in a word , metacriticism .
we have here a critical discourse [using] on another critical discourse-in a word , metacriticism .

Also extremely useful is a pathway back into the operating system so you can copy a file onto a floppy for your colleague without having to unload everything .
also extremely useful is a pathway back into the [using] system so you can copy a file onto a floppy for your colleague without having to unload everything .

The operating system is ‘ booted ’ into the computer from disk by a small program which permanently resides in the memory .
the [using] system is ‘ booted ’ into the computer from disk by a small program which permanently resides in the memory .

Currently , most laser printers set at 300dpi with newer models operating at up to 600dpi .
currently , most laser printers set at 300dpi with newer models [using] at up to 600dpi .

And , because all this capability was part of the Macintosh operating system it was available to any software developer so almost every package that appears for the system works the same way .
and , because all this capability was part of the macintosh [using] system it was available to any software developer so almost every package that appears for the system works the same way .

Agfa has just launched a network of nine bureau round the country and there are perhaps a further dozen individual set-ups currently operating , many as part of an existing desktop publishing bureau and so capable of providing assistance with the overall design of the presentation .
agfa has just launched a network of nine bureau round the country and there are perhaps a further dozen individual set-ups currently [using] , many as part of an existing desktop publishing bureau and so capable of providing assistance with the overall design of the presentation .

Factors operating at this level are remote from the event itself , predispose different groups of people towards certain kinds of action and hence define the limits of other causes .
factors [using] at this level are remote from the event itself , predispose different groups of people towards certain kinds of action and hence define the limits of other causes .

the leader himself — ie. his personality , character and preferred style of operating ;
the leader himself — ie. his personality , character and preferred style of [using] ;

This in turn reduces the interpersonal tensions which otherwise exist between superiors and subordinates , and for this reason the ‘ survival of the work group as an operating unit ’ is made possible by the creation of rules .
this in turn reduces the interpersonal tensions which otherwise exist between superiors and subordinates , and for this reason the ‘ survival of the work group as an [using] unit ’ is made possible by the creation of rules .

Large organisations might be slow to adapt to change because of a bureaucratic system of operating and decision-making that stifles ideas for innovation .
large organisations might be slow to adapt to change because of a bureaucratic system of [using] and decision-making that stifles ideas for innovation .

they had to ‘ sell ’ changes in operating policy to central management , and had to be prepared to accept advice from the ‘ general officers ’ at headquarters about desirable changes .
they had to ‘ sell ’ changes in [using] policy to central management , and had to be prepared to accept advice from the ‘ general officers ’ at headquarters about desirable changes .

No organisation of substantial size can avoid operating problems unless there is a clear understanding as to the structure of the tasks and relationships of an organisation , ie .
no organisation of substantial size can avoid [using] problems unless there is a clear understanding as to the structure of the tasks and relationships of an organisation , ie .

They identified the need for a different organisation structure when the technology of the market is changing ; innovation is crucial to the continuing success of any organisation operating in the market .
they identified the need for a different organisation structure when the technology of the market is changing ; innovation is crucial to the continuing success of any organisation [using] in the market .

Reference here is mainly to the formal structure of organisations — that is , the official hierarchy of positions , the division of labour and specified operating procedures .
reference here is mainly to the formal structure of organisations — that is , the official hierarchy of positions , the division of labour and specified [using] procedures .

Thus the success and viability of an enterprise depend upon creating the most effective structure of administration , given the circumstances in which the organisation is operating — one which distributes the necessary tasks , delegates required authority and controls the outcomes of actions .
thus the success and viability of an enterprise depend upon creating the most effective structure of administration , given the circumstances in which the organisation is [using] — one which distributes the necessary tasks , delegates required authority and controls the outcomes of actions .

But Pa is operating the machine himself today , it being Sunday and Ma having excused herself on account of the washing .
but pa is [using] the machine himself today , it being sunday and ma having excused herself on account of the washing .

But governments seem unable to learn that the high taxes are inevitably passed on to the consumer as part of the cost of operating a business : Taxes have to be paid , and just as fuel and power bills are borne , tax liability forms part of the overall cost-recovery necessary for the survival of a business .
but governments seem unable to learn that the high taxes are inevitably passed on to the consumer as part of the cost of [using] a business : taxes have to be paid , and just as fuel and power bills are borne , tax liability forms part of the overall cost-recovery necessary for the survival of a business .

Boulton & Watt 's beam engines employed large cylinders operating at low steam pressures , and McNaught 's expedient consisted of the addition of a small higher-pressure cylinder acting on the other half of the beam about midway along its length , with an appropriately shorter stroke , exhausting its steam into the original low-pressure cylinder .
boulton & watt 's beam engines employed large cylinders [using] at low steam pressures , and mcnaught 's expedient consisted of the addition of a small higher-pressure cylinder acting on the other half of the beam about midway along its length , with an appropriately shorter stroke , exhausting its steam into the original low-pressure cylinder .

This firm continued to prosper during the more difficult postwar years , and by the time of Samuel 's death in 1829 was operating extensively as owner , charterer ( especially for the East India Company ) , sailmaker , and chandler .
this firm continued to prosper during the more difficult postwar years , and by the time of samuel 's death in 1829 was [using] extensively as owner , charterer ( especially for the east india company ) , sailmaker , and chandler .

By 1834 Jardine Matheson was regularly operating beyond the traditional British trade with the Hong merchants of Canton , speculating in smuggled opium and piece-goods along the coast .
by 1834 jardine matheson was regularly [using] beyond the traditional british trade with the hong merchants of canton , speculating in smuggled opium and piece-goods along the coast .

He evidently resented the fact that the name ‘ diesel ’ had come to be applied to virtually every type of oil engine , hot-bulb ( ignition ) as well as compression-ignition , and in 1923 he asked the Institution to declare that henceforth the word ‘ diesel ’ should only be used to describe oil engines operating on the compression-ignition principle , hot-bulb engines to be known as ‘ akroyds ’ .
he evidently resented the fact that the name ‘ diesel ’ had come to be applied to virtually every type of oil engine , hot-bulb ( ignition ) as well as compression-ignition , and in 1923 he asked the institution to declare that henceforth the word ‘ diesel ’ should only be used to describe oil engines [using] on the compression-ignition principle , hot-bulb engines to be known as ‘ akroyds ’ .

By 1939 he had given up the dogs and the main business was credit betting , though he was still operating at Northolt Park .
by 1939 he had given up the dogs and the main business was credit betting , though he was still [using] at northolt park .

Dowson 's poetry is mannered , literary , mellifluous , and in a diction operating on a narrow register .
dowson 's poetry is mannered , literary , mellifluous , and in a diction [using] on a narrow register .

Although he was operating under another name , rumours of his past caught up with him , and he escaped to America in the early 1880s .
although he was [using] under another name , rumours of his past caught up with him , and he escaped to america in the early 1880s .

Aspdin set up a partnership in 1824 with a neighbour as ‘ patent Portland cement manufacturers ’ , operating from Leeds and Wakefield and later expanded to an agency at Liverpool .
aspdin set up a partnership in 1824 with a neighbour as ‘ patent portland cement manufacturers ’ , [using] from leeds and wakefield and later expanded to an agency at liverpool .

He tried to devise new and better ways of operating the machines in the bottle works where he was employed and , realizing that he needed to increase his knowledge of science and mathematics if he was to exploit his ideas , he went in the evenings to the nearby Mechanics ' Institute and also took lessons in trigonometry from a local clergyman .
he tried to devise new and better ways of [using] the machines in the bottle works where he was employed and , realizing that he needed to increase his knowledge of science and mathematics if he was to exploit his ideas , he went in the evenings to the nearby mechanics ' institute and also took lessons in trigonometry from a local clergyman .

In 1890 Max Despard died and after months of seclusion Charlotte Despard emerged as a wealthy , philanthropic widow , operating in the Nine Elms district of Battersea , south London .
in 1890 max despard died and after months of seclusion charlotte despard emerged as a wealthy , philanthropic widow , [using] in the nine elms district of battersea , south london .

It is clear that this position creates difficulties when operating in the context of community development .
it is clear that this position creates difficulties when [using] in the context of community development .

Brightness masking can be thought of as operating primarily at the feature detector level in Figure 11 ; by reducing the discriminability of target features , it makes feature detection difficult ( or impossible , if the mask is bright enough ) .
brightness masking can be thought of as [using] primarily at the feature detector level in figure 11 ; by reducing the discriminability of target features , it makes feature detection difficult ( or impossible , if the mask is bright enough ) .

Discuss the practical problems facing assemblies operating in a modern industrialized society .
discuss the practical problems facing assemblies [using] in a modern industrialized society .

Thus , if what were yesterday hot political disputes can today be channelled into the ‘ legal process ’ , operating with new principles and procedures , and an apparent indifference to ‘ political ’ questions , then so much the better for those in power .
thus , if what were yesterday hot political disputes can today be channelled into the ‘ legal process ’ , [using] with new principles and procedures , and an apparent indifference to ‘ political ’ questions , then so much the better for those in power .

This is a result of the operations of huge , transnational ( that is operating across national boundaries ) business corporations , the scale and scope of whose organization is such that they are able to transcend or defy the jurisdiction of states .
this is a result of the operations of huge , transnational ( that is [using] across national boundaries ) business corporations , the scale and scope of whose organization is such that they are able to transcend or defy the jurisdiction of states .

The Operating Statement , Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement provide this basic information .
the [using] statement , balance sheet and cash flow statement provide this basic information .

Take a simple example : you are interested in the trend of operating profits over ten years of a particular nationalized industry .
take a simple example : you are interested in the trend of [using] profits over ten years of a particular nationalized industry .

Similarly , including current cost accounts marks a shift towards an entity view because there the income statement shows the current cost profit after maintaining the operating capability of the business as a whole , as well as current cost profit attributable to shareholders .
similarly , including current cost accounts marks a shift towards an entity view because there the income statement shows the current cost profit after maintaining the [using] capability of the business as a whole , as well as current cost profit attributable to shareholders .

For example , the bulk of the operating expenditure for the police department will be included in the general fund but the operating implications of capital expenditure ( principal and interest repayments ) will be included in the debt service fund .
for example , the bulk of the [using] expenditure for the police department will be included in the general fund but the [using] implications of capital expenditure ( principal and interest repayments ) will be included in the debt service fund .

Balance sheets are usually produced for each account , but the operating accounts are in much more detail : the General Fund will be segregated into , for example , education , public health , roads .
balance sheets are usually produced for each account , but the [using] accounts are in much more detail : the general fund will be segregated into , for example , education , public health , roads .

This chapter is concerned with the financial accounting techniques adopted in the operating statements and balance sheets of public sector organizations .
this chapter is concerned with the financial accounting techniques adopted in the [using] statements and balance sheets of public sector organizations .

Strictly , therefore , an organization which adopted fund accounting , accruals accounting and had , say , six funds , would keep six complete and separate sets of accounts : six cash books , six sets of personal accounts , six nominal ledgers , six operating statements , six balance sheets .
strictly , therefore , an organization which adopted fund accounting , accruals accounting and had , say , six funds , would keep six complete and separate sets of accounts : six cash books , six sets of personal accounts , six nominal ledgers , six [using] statements , six balance sheets .

Budgetary accounting refers to the practice of many public sector organizations , and particularly governments , in keeping and presenting their operating accounts in the same format and alongside their budgets .
budgetary accounting refers to the practice of many public sector organizations , and particularly governments , in keeping and presenting their [using] accounts in the same format and alongside their budgets .

On the other hand it provides no information about income and capital , nor about the cost of operating the organization during the financial year .
on the other hand it provides no information about income and capital , nor about the cost of [using] the organization during the financial year .

What they have in common , however , is that they produce a balance sheet and an operating statement , in marked contrast to the single ‘ receipts and payments ’ statement of cash accounting .
what they have in common , however , is that they produce a balance sheet and an [using] statement , in marked contrast to the single ‘ receipts and payments ’ statement of cash accounting .

The basic difference is that the capital items have been stored separately in the balance sheet , leaving the operating items in the profit and loss account .
the basic difference is that the capital items have been stored separately in the balance sheet , leaving the [using] items in the profit and loss account .

On the other hand , the extent to which the return on capital employed calculation can measure operating capability , given that the accounts are not current cost accounts , is debatable .
on the other hand , the extent to which the return on capital employed calculation can measure [using] capability , given that the accounts are not current cost accounts , is debatable .

The point is , of course , that inventory has now been included in financial resources and therefore , under the flow of financial resources measurement focus , the operating statement includes changes in inventory .
the point is , of course , that inventory has now been included in financial resources and therefore , under the flow of financial resources measurement focus , the [using] statement includes changes in inventory .

The essence of the idea of ‘ measurement focus ’ is , to put it straightforwardly , that by adopting the ‘ flow of financial resources ’ a governmental organization can adopt ‘ accrual accounting ’ in its operating statement ( that is , it can ‘ recognize the effects of transactions or events on the resources of an entity when they take place , regardless of when cash is received or paid ’ ) but does not have to charge depreciation .
the essence of the idea of ‘ measurement focus ’ is , to put it straightforwardly , that by adopting the ‘ flow of financial resources ’ a governmental organization can adopt ‘ accrual accounting ’ in its [using] statement ( that is , it can ‘ recognize the effects of transactions or events on the resources of an entity when they take place , regardless of when cash is received or paid ’ ) but does not have to charge depreciation .

First , the fact that revenues and expenses in the Operating Statement relate to those earned and those incurred respectively , means that accruals accounting provides measures of the economic goods and services consumed , transformed and earned ; cash accounting provides measures of cash inflows and cash outflows .
first , the fact that revenues and expenses in the [using] statement relate to those earned and those incurred respectively , means that accruals accounting provides measures of the economic goods and services consumed , transformed and earned ; cash accounting provides measures of cash inflows and cash outflows .

The definition of capital expenditure and operating expenditure is relevant for deciding how to finance .
the definition of capital expenditure and [using] expenditure is relevant for deciding how to finance .

Operating expenditure should not be financed by borrowing ; if it is then future taxpayers are paying for services they will not benefit from .
[using] expenditure should not be financed by borrowing ; if it is then future taxpayers are paying for services they will not benefit from .

If ten funds are used but they are all consolidated into one operating statement and one balance sheet , then the results might well be the same as the accounts for a business .
if ten funds are used but they are all consolidated into one [using] statement and one balance sheet , then the results might well be the same as the accounts for a business .

Each produces an operating account and a balance sheet .
each produces an [using] account and a balance sheet .

It is maintained separately from the General Fund because the policy has been , and particularly in recent years , to try to cover operating expenses by rents charged and housing grants .
it is maintained separately from the general fund because the policy has been , and particularly in recent years , to try to cover [using] expenses by rents charged and housing grants .

In other words , if there is to be a contribution from taxes to balance the operating account , then it should be explicit and calculation of it should also be explicit as should a contribution from Housing to the General Fund .
in other words , if there is to be a contribution from taxes to balance the [using] account , then it should be explicit and calculation of it should also be explicit as should a contribution from housing to the general fund .

By producing a separate operating statement and balance sheet for each non-fungible fund .
by producing a separate [using] statement and balance sheet for each non-fungible fund .

For example many do not publish separate fund balance sheets , only separate operating statements .
for example many do not publish separate fund balance sheets , only separate [using] statements .

On the other hand , if the arguments for accruals accounting are accepted , then fund accounting requires an operating statement and a balance sheet for each fund .
on the other hand , if the arguments for accruals accounting are accepted , then fund accounting requires an [using] statement and a balance sheet for each fund .

The net assets of the organization are shown but it is hard to imagine what use can be made of this figure . Who owns the asset ? What could be done with any realizations ? What does the debtor figure relate to ? Rent , taxes , government grants , other local authorities , miscellaneous charges ? The accumulated surplus on operating account is shown ; but what could this be used for ? Reducing taxes , reducing rents , awarding more prizes on the trust fund , reducing administrative charges , reducing insurance fund contributions ?
the net assets of the organization are shown but it is hard to imagine what use can be made of this figure . who owns the asset ? what could be done with any realizations ? what does the debtor figure relate to ? rent , taxes , government grants , other local authorities , miscellaneous charges ? the accumulated surplus on [using] account is shown ; but what could this be used for ? reducing taxes , reducing rents , awarding more prizes on the trust fund , reducing administrative charges , reducing insurance fund contributions ?

This helps to explain why they do not publish consolidated opening statements : ‘ cost of the services of the organization ’ adds nothing to the fund operating statements ; the measure of performance has no meaning ; and , of course , there are no balances included to be carried forward to the new year which are not included in the balance sheet .
this helps to explain why they do not publish consolidated opening statements : ‘ cost of the services of the organization ’ adds nothing to the fund [using] statements ; the measure of performance has no meaning ; and , of course , there are no balances included to be carried forward to the new year which are not included in the balance sheet .

In business balance sheets , the distinction between capital accounts and operating accounts is mostly unclear .
in business balance sheets , the distinction between capital accounts and [using] accounts is mostly unclear .

The cash figure in the balance sheet might include both capital and operating cash : if a debenture is issued but the resulting cash has not yet been invested in fixed assets , then the cash will perhaps be shown in the cash book — this is capital cash ; if profits were made in the current year , some of these profits might take the form of cash — this is operating cash .
the cash figure in the balance sheet might include both capital and [using] cash : if a debenture is issued but the resulting cash has not yet been invested in fixed assets , then the cash will perhaps be shown in the cash book — this is capital cash ; if profits were made in the current year , some of these profits might take the form of cash — this is [using] cash .

However , there are current grants ( for operating expenditure ) and capital grants ( for capital expenditure ) .
however , there are current grants ( for [using] expenditure ) and capital grants ( for capital expenditure ) .

Schedule 13 , para 7(i) , Local Government Act 1972 required that where expenditure was defrayed by borrowing , a sum equivalent to an instalment of principal and interest was debited to the relevant operating statement so that the loan was repaid over a specified period of years .
schedule 13 , para 7(i) , local government act 1972 required that where expenditure was defrayed by borrowing , a sum equivalent to an instalment of principal and interest was debited to the relevant [using] statement so that the loan was repaid over a specified period of years .

Local authorities were not allowed , in law , to budget for an operating deficit .
local authorities were not allowed , in law , to budget for an [using] deficit .

In a business , for example , only interest on loans is put through the profit and loss account as an operating expense ; principal repayments involve taking one balance sheet item , i.e .
in a business , for example , only interest on loans is put through the profit and loss account as an [using] expense ; principal repayments involve taking one balance sheet item , i.e .

Thus , in a business which finances the purchase of a depreciable asset by issuing a debenture , the operating expense of that machine is :
thus , in a business which finances the purchase of a depreciable asset by issuing a debenture , the [using] expense of that machine is :

In a business any operating loss would be deducted from capital and accumulated reserves on the liabilities side .
in a business any [using] loss would be deducted from capital and accumulated reserves on the liabilities side .

In place of the requirement to debit debt charges to individual operating statements , the law now requires that the local authority makes a ‘ minimum revenue provision ’ for the accounts as a whole .
in place of the requirement to debit debt charges to individual [using] statements , the law now requires that the local authority makes a ‘ minimum revenue provision ’ for the accounts as a whole .

This raises the question about whether we still need to allocate debt charges to individual operating statements .
this raises the question about whether we still need to allocate debt charges to individual [using] statements .

Multi-year goods are stored in the balance sheet as unallocated costs and proportions of cost are allocated to the operating statement to match revenues generated .
multi-year goods are stored in the balance sheet as unallocated costs and proportions of cost are allocated to the [using] statement to match revenues generated .

Since the use of depreciable assets yields revenues , some proportion of the cost of those assets must be allocated to the operating statement .
since the use of depreciable assets yields revenues , some proportion of the cost of those assets must be allocated to the [using] statement .

This produces a more correct operating cost than would be shown without including depreciation and consequently produces a more correct measure of profit .
this produces a more correct [using] cost than would be shown without including depreciation and consequently produces a more correct measure of profit .

Nevertheless , it remains true that , as under the business model , financing and refinancing of debt takes place outside the appropriation accounts ( which are the operating statements ) .
nevertheless , it remains true that , as under the business model , financing and refinancing of debt takes place outside the appropriation accounts ( which are the [using] statements ) .

gross income and expenditure and operating results for
gross income and expenditure and [using] results for

If a firm is operating in a good , competitive market then , notwithstanding the problems associated with accounting measurements , profit does give an indication of how well it produced goods : the market was willing to pay more for the finished goods than it cost the firm to produce them , if the firm made a profit .
if a firm is [using] in a good , competitive market then , notwithstanding the problems associated with accounting measurements , profit does give an indication of how well it produced goods : the market was willing to pay more for the finished goods than it cost the firm to produce them , if the firm made a profit .

The balances on their operating statements can not be called profits or losses , rather they are called surpluses or deficits .
the balances on their [using] statements can not be called profits or losses , rather they are called surpluses or deficits .

But in this case , there is a body of professional practice which aims to reduce the subjectivity involved and the basic information used is systematically produced , with a minimum possibility for editing : come what may an operating statement , a balance sheet and a cash flow statement will be published .
but in this case , there is a body of professional practice which aims to reduce the subjectivity involved and the basic information used is systematically produced , with a minimum possibility for editing : come what may an [using] statement , a balance sheet and a cash flow statement will be published .

Thirdly is knowledge of the processes operating in the landscape and this may be gleaned from historical records or by analogy with situations elsewhere .
thirdly is knowledge of the processes [using] in the landscape and this may be gleaned from historical records or by analogy with situations elsewhere .

This is referred to as the principle of actualism by Douglas ( 1980 ) citing Russian geologists Gorshkov and Yakushova and , whereas it is rejected by Douglas and also by Ollier ( 1979,1981 ) , it is possible to believe that although the past development of an area may not be explicable in terms of the processes at present operating in that area , nevertheless study of present processes may collectively help to illuminate the past .
this is referred to as the principle of actualism by douglas ( 1980 ) citing russian geologists gorshkov and yakushova and , whereas it is rejected by douglas and also by ollier ( 1979,1981 ) , it is possible to believe that although the past development of an area may not be explicable in terms of the processes at present [using] in that area , nevertheless study of present processes may collectively help to illuminate the past .

The geomorphologists of France and England , closely attached to the schools and departments of Geography , have also tended to give much attention to descriptive , deductive studies of landform development and to regional geomorphological treatments … If geomorphology is to achieve full stature as a branch of geology operating upon the frontier of research into fundamental principles and laws of earth science , it must turn to the physical and engineering sciences and mathematics for the vitality it now lacks .
the geomorphologists of france and england , closely attached to the schools and departments of geography , have also tended to give much attention to descriptive , deductive studies of landform development and to regional geomorphological treatments … if geomorphology is to achieve full stature as a branch of geology [using] upon the frontier of research into fundamental principles and laws of earth science , it must turn to the physical and engineering sciences and mathematics for the vitality it now lacks .

Moscow was operating within the United Nations ' scenario which would leave the present regime in place after the departure of Soviet troops .
moscow was [using] within the united nations ' scenario which would leave the present regime in place after the departure of soviet troops .

The tone is produced by the action of the player 's lips ( technically known as ‘ embouchure ’ ) and wind pressure operating on a small conical mouthpiece , and setting the air in the instrument in vibration .
the tone is produced by the action of the player 's lips ( technically known as ‘ embouchure ’ ) and wind pressure [using] on a small conical mouthpiece , and setting the air in the instrument in vibration .

Such an approach also clearly specifies operating procedures and mechanisms laid down in a formal manual for example .
such an approach also clearly specifies [using] procedures and mechanisms laid down in a formal manual for example .

However , in contrast to those who can see nothing good in this type of organisation , Burns and Stalker argue that this type of organisation may be appropriate to an organisation operating within a particular environment .
however , in contrast to those who can see nothing good in this type of organisation , burns and stalker argue that this type of organisation may be appropriate to an organisation [using] within a particular environment .

It is argued that the traditional bureaucratic mechanistic structure that has been operating for so long can no longer cope with the dynamic environment that we now live in .
it is argued that the traditional bureaucratic mechanistic structure that has been [using] for so long can no longer cope with the dynamic environment that we now live in .

Changing the technology in an organisation may have no impact unless there is a willingness on the part of staff to adapt to it or unless the operating processes take account of the increased speed of communications that new technology can allow .
changing the technology in an organisation may have no impact unless there is a willingness on the part of staff to adapt to it or unless the [using] processes take account of the increased speed of communications that new technology can allow .

Herzberg ( 1966 ) argued that we need to take into account not just the needs and motivations of the individual worker but also the context within which they are operating .
herzberg ( 1966 ) argued that we need to take into account not just the needs and motivations of the individual worker but also the context within which they are [using] .

The businessmen brought in to run the Councils have been frustrated by the tight operating and financial practices imposed by the Department of Employment Such practices sit uneasily alongside the entrepreneurial freedom that business leaders are used to ( see Guardian , 23 March 1990 ) .
the businessmen brought in to run the councils have been frustrated by the tight [using] and financial practices imposed by the department of employment such practices sit uneasily alongside the entrepreneurial freedom that business leaders are used to ( see guardian , 23 march 1990 ) .

Following Griffiths , the Korner Report ( 1984 ) recommended that district budgets should be linked to specialties such as X-rays or operating theatres .
following griffiths , the korner report ( 1984 ) recommended that district budgets should be linked to specialties such as x-rays or [using] theatres .

The shortcomings of monitoring and review procedures are one reason why other forms of evaluation operating alongside them are desirable .
the shortcomings of monitoring and review procedures are one reason why other forms of evaluation [using] alongside them are desirable .

It does not suffer from the bias factors operating when documentation is generated , not to regulate practice but to inform reviewers .
it does not suffer from the bias factors [using] when documentation is generated , not to regulate practice but to inform reviewers .

Operating with relatively little capital , aided by credit , with a small mark-up in prices but with rapid turnover of capital , these petty commercial middlemen penetrated deep into the village , constantly drawing the rural area into the orbit of cash turnover , increasing the role of the market in the economy of the village , and augmenting the volume of goods available both for domestic and foreign commerce .
[using] with relatively little capital , aided by credit , with a small mark-up in prices but with rapid turnover of capital , these petty commercial middlemen penetrated deep into the village , constantly drawing the rural area into the orbit of cash turnover , increasing the role of the market in the economy of the village , and augmenting the volume of goods available both for domestic and foreign commerce .

The demand for milk in the cities was met mainly by cow-keepers operating in the city itself or in the suburbs .
the demand for milk in the cities was met mainly by cow-keepers [using] in the city itself or in the suburbs .

Railways , Spearman went on , had the power to break local strikes , as they had done in a recent coal strike in the United States , and the operating officers and freight-yard superintendents took on a military-style power .
railways , spearman went on , had the power to break local strikes , as they had done in a recent coal strike in the united states , and the [using] officers and freight-yard superintendents took on a military-style power .

These are informal groups operating in a wide diversity of localities and conditions , with very different structures and objectives .
these are informal groups [using] in a wide diversity of localities and conditions , with very different structures and objectives .

Organisations with charitable status operating in a particular field often acquire knowledge and expertise which can prove extremely valuable to individuals who may be in need of that sort of advice .
organisations with charitable status [using] in a particular field often acquire knowledge and expertise which can prove extremely valuable to individuals who may be in need of that sort of advice .

It is not , perhaps , surprising that the solution of the Conservative lawyers in their pamphlet , Rough Justice , to the same problem of unmet legal need was the introduction of subsidies for practitioners operating privately in deprived areas and an extension of the assistance given by lawyers to voluntary advice agencies .
it is not , perhaps , surprising that the solution of the conservative lawyers in their pamphlet , rough justice , to the same problem of unmet legal need was the introduction of subsidies for practitioners [using] privately in deprived areas and an extension of the assistance given by lawyers to voluntary advice agencies .

As there are many centres , so there are many different ways of operating , but in a survey conducted for the Royal Commission an extract from a document prepared by the Legal Action Group was found helpful , not only for the description of law centres , but also for the distinction it drew between their function and that of legal advice centres .
as there are many centres , so there are many different ways of [using] , but in a survey conducted for the royal commission an extract from a document prepared by the legal action group was found helpful , not only for the description of law centres , but also for the distinction it drew between their function and that of legal advice centres .

This means that there is financial discrimination operating between those clients who use a law centre and those who may go to a solicitor with the same problem and who will then have to pay fees or a contribution towards the cost under the Legal Aid or Legal Advice schemes .
this means that there is financial discrimination [using] between those clients who use a law centre and those who may go to a solicitor with the same problem and who will then have to pay fees or a contribution towards the cost under the legal aid or legal advice schemes .

By mid-1975 there were 29 duty solicitor schemes operating and the Law Society , in consultation with other interested parties , prepared and published a guide for the assistance of local law societies .
by mid-1975 there were 29 duty solicitor schemes [using] and the law society , in consultation with other interested parties , prepared and published a guide for the assistance of local law societies .

Sales and profit growth ( up by 17 % and 34 % respectively ) remain perfectly respectable on a second and more detailed viewing — indeed , the increase in sales was commendable in a very tough year for trade publishers — even if the operating margin of 6.8 % and pretax margin of 1.9 % were well below the promise of 10 % held out when the company was launched in the optimistic mid-80s .
sales and profit growth ( up by 17 % and 34 % respectively ) remain perfectly respectable on a second and more detailed viewing — indeed , the increase in sales was commendable in a very tough year for trade publishers — even if the [using] margin of 6.8 % and pretax margin of 1.9 % were well below the promise of 10 % held out when the company was launched in the optimistic mid-80s .

One result , as yet unpublished ( Gater , personal communication ) , of the development of a multi-disciplinary community team in a primary care setting , performing the core case management tasks , is that , compared to the standard service operating in a matched primary care setting , resources are more appropriately targeted .
one result , as yet unpublished ( gater , personal communication ) , of the development of a multi-disciplinary community team in a primary care setting , performing the core case management tasks , is that , compared to the standard service [using] in a matched primary care setting , resources are more appropriately targeted .

The sample of staff was structured to reflect the organization of services in each district , for example , where several community mental health teams were operating , we tried to include representatives from each team , and to balance our data between people concerned with care of elderly people and those involved with younger service users .
the sample of staff was structured to reflect the organization of services in each district , for example , where several community mental health teams were [using] , we tried to include representatives from each team , and to balance our data between people concerned with care of elderly people and those involved with younger service users .

Since the approach was fairly new to all interviewed ( none had been operating it for more than nine months ) the responses may have more to do with expectations than experience , but nevertheless they serve to sketch out the potential of the care programme approach to affect every aspect of mental health care , for good or ill .
since the approach was fairly new to all interviewed ( none had been [using] it for more than nine months ) the responses may have more to do with expectations than experience , but nevertheless they serve to sketch out the potential of the care programme approach to affect every aspect of mental health care , for good or ill .

The manner of integration remains to be seen in practice when the two modes of working are operating fully but there seem to be at least three possible strategies .
the manner of integration remains to be seen in practice when the two modes of working are [using] fully but there seem to be at least three possible strategies .

Lyotard 's ‘ discursive ’ is the Freudian secondary process , the ego operating in terms of the reality principle .
lyotard 's ‘ discursive ’ is the freudian secondary process , the ego [using] in terms of the reality principle .

The Random House general book division will be divided into two operating groups , allowing editors to see their authors ' books through from hardback to paperback publication ( or to choose which they find most appropriate ) .
the random house general book division will be divided into two [using] groups , allowing editors to see their authors ' books through from hardback to paperback publication ( or to choose which they find most appropriate ) .

£23 million operating profit is a sure base
£23 million [using] profit is a sure base

‘ As for the long-term future , we will ensure the Cashline network grows and meets the demand of our customers whilst operating profitability , ’ said Nigel .
‘ as for the long-term future , we will ensure the cashline network grows and meets the demand of our customers whilst [using] profitability , ’ said nigel .

When Chesser House in Gorgie was opened , special smokers ' rooms were introduced on a trial basis with a ban on smoking operating throughout the remainder of the building .
when chesser house in gorgie was opened , special smokers ' rooms were introduced on a trial basis with a ban on smoking [using] throughout the remainder of the building .

The idea is that those being considered for the award can be attached to any of the Divisions within the Department and will include trainee Roadworkers , Technicians , Graduate Engineers and Accountants and all training schemes currently operating within the Department .
the idea is that those being considered for the award can be attached to any of the divisions within the department and will include trainee roadworkers , technicians , graduate engineers and accountants and all training schemes currently [using] within the department .

Notwithstanding a substantial improvement in profit after tax from upstream activities to £41 million [ 1991 £17 million ] , reflecting improved operating profits following the Ultramar acquisition , the Group recorded a disappointingly large loss for the year of £385 million , after incurring exceptional charges of £426 million .
notwithstanding a substantial improvement in profit after tax from upstream activities to £41 million [ 1991 £17 million ] , reflecting improved [using] profits following the ultramar acquisition , the group recorded a disappointingly large loss for the year of £385 million , after incurring exceptional charges of £426 million .

We welcome Joe Darby , previously Group Chief Operating Officer , as the new Chief Executive .
we welcome joe darby , previously group chief [using] officer , as the new chief executive .

Our operating activities during 1992 have achieved a number of successes .
our [using] activities during 1992 have achieved a number of successes .

Increased production , cash flow and operating profits have resulted in higher profits before exceptional items in 1992 .
increased production , cash flow and [using] profits have resulted in higher profits before exceptional items in 1992 .

Increased production and a higher operating profit are reflected in improved profits before exceptional items after tax .
increased production and a higher [using] profit are reflected in improved profits before exceptional items after tax .

In the aviation industry , where fuel accounts for 16 % of the operating costs of an airline , a 1 % improvement in fuel efficiency can save $ 16 million for every 10 wide-bodied aircraft an airline operates over a typical five year cycle .
in the aviation industry , where fuel accounts for 16 % of the [using] costs of an airline , a 1 % improvement in fuel efficiency can save $ 16 million for every 10 wide-bodied aircraft an airline operates over a typical five year cycle .

The International Air Transport Association Safety Committee has produced evidence of the serious effects operating electronic equipment in aircraft cabins can have on the flight management computers .
the international air transport association safety committee has produced evidence of the serious effects [using] electronic equipment in aircraft cabins can have on the flight management computers .

In relation to permissions requiring improved conditions , the Secretary of State should specify the types of condition that may be imposed , following review , without attracting compensation . We believe that as well as covering new and upgraded operating , restoration and aftercare conditions , these should include :
in relation to permissions requiring improved conditions , the secretary of state should specify the types of condition that may be imposed , following review , without attracting compensation . we believe that as well as covering new and upgraded [using] , restoration and aftercare conditions , these should include :

John Hogan , chief operating officer , said : ‘ We have realised full value for the assets and the successful completion of the transactions reflects admirably on the skills of our staff in all departments .
john hogan , chief [using] officer , said : ‘ we have realised full value for the assets and the successful completion of the transactions reflects admirably on the skills of our staff in all departments .

‘ With E-mail it zips through at a fraction of the cost , and such a system also eliminates many of the difficulties associated with operating in different time zones .
‘ with e-mail it zips through at a fraction of the cost , and such a system also eliminates many of the difficulties associated with [using] in different time zones .

‘ We are less dependent upon the North Sea than we were five years ago and have , in other areas , more onshore than offshore interests because development costs — and in many cases drilling and operating costs — are lower on each barrel found and produced . ’
‘ we are less dependent upon the north sea than we were five years ago and have , in other areas , more onshore than offshore interests because development costs — and in many cases drilling and [using] costs — are lower on each barrel found and produced . ’

Guinness Brewing Worldwide is now the world 's fourth largest brewer in terms of operating profit and the 11th largest in terms of volume .
guinness brewing worldwide is now the world 's fourth largest brewer in terms of [using] profit and the 11th largest in terms of volume .

It may mean operating with associate companies , where the bulk of the brewing operations are carried out through licensed brewing agreements .
it may mean [using] with associate companies , where the bulk of the brewing operations are carried out through licensed brewing agreements .

It is , after all , these communities which shape the operating environment faced by companies and which provide our employees , customers and partners .
it is , after all , these communities which shape the [using] environment faced by companies and which provide our employees , customers and partners .

We have also provided practical support , including vehicles used by the game wardens operating against ivory poachers in Kenya 's safari parks — the first such major sponsorship by a company .
we have also provided practical support , including vehicles used by the game wardens [using] against ivory poachers in kenya 's safari parks — the first such major sponsorship by a company .

Construction work on the reactor , which had been intended to generate electricity both for domestic use and for sale to Belgium and the Netherlands , had commenced in 1972 , and it had been due to start operating in 1979 .
construction work on the reactor , which had been intended to generate electricity both for domestic use and for sale to belgium and the netherlands , had commenced in 1972 , and it had been due to start [using] in 1979 .

Technology and Research Minister Heinz Riesenhuber admitted defeat on March 21 , when he acknowledged that : `` we can not expect to obtain an operating license in the foreseeable future . ``
technology and research minister heinz riesenhuber admitted defeat on march 21 , when he acknowledged that : `` we can not expect to obtain an [using] license in the foreseeable future . ``

It has announced three options , the most ambitious of which involves the extension of the various stations ' 30 year operating lives by between three and seven years .
it has announced three options , the most ambitious of which involves the extension of the various stations ' 30 year [using] lives by between three and seven years .

The company began operating in the world 's rainforests when it bought out the international interests of the American company Tenneco in 1988 .
the company began [using] in the world 's rainforests when it bought out the international interests of the american company tenneco in 1988 .

the University 's Operating Statement .
the university 's [using] statement .

This in part reflects the view of a majority of colleges that they have now reached the optimum size for operating as a cohesive academic unit and do not envisage any growth of total student numbers ( although of these a significant proportion has indicated that they wish to change the ‘ mix ’ of students , by admitting more graduate students in place of undergraduates ) .
this in part reflects the view of a majority of colleges that they have now reached the optimum size for [using] as a cohesive academic unit and do not envisage any growth of total student numbers ( although of these a significant proportion has indicated that they wish to change the ‘ mix ’ of students , by admitting more graduate students in place of undergraduates ) .

Is the 7th largest brewer in the world by volume and the 3rd largest by operating profit .
is the 7th largest brewer in the world by volume and the 3rd largest by [using] profit .

The documents suggest that the radioactive waste was dumped during the Second World War or Korean War , from the Army 's Niagara Falls plant or nearby private plants operating under government contract .
the documents suggest that the radioactive waste was dumped during the second world war or korean war , from the army 's niagara falls plant or nearby private plants [using] under government contract .

The engineers will examine a number of these 440-megawatt PWRs , concentrating on electrical and control systems , fire protection and instrumentation and the organisation and management of operating staff .
the engineers will examine a number of these 440-megawatt pwrs , concentrating on electrical and control systems , fire protection and instrumentation and the organisation and management of [using] staff .

Guinness is the world 's largest alcoholic drinks company by operating profit .
guinness is the world 's largest alcoholic drinks company by [using] profit .

For worldwide production and distribution , United Distillers has four operating regions : Europe , North America , Asia-Pacific and International .
for worldwide production and distribution , united distillers has four [using] regions : europe , north america , asia-pacific and international .

It is also organised into four operating regions : Ireland , Rest of Europe , Africa & Americas and Asia-Pacific .
it is also organised into four [using] regions : ireland , rest of europe , africa & americas and asia-pacific .

Operating like a huge vacuum cleaner , it sucks up gravel into the dredge where it is sieved to retrieve the fine , black , gold-bearing sand .
[using] like a huge vacuum cleaner , it sucks up gravel into the dredge where it is sieved to retrieve the fine , black , gold-bearing sand .

The Department of the Environment ( DoE ) is to introduce tougher legislation to prevent the illegal dumping of waste after legitimate companies have been continuously undercut by illegally operating " fly tippers " who deposit waste on unapproved sites .
the department of the environment ( doe ) is to introduce tougher legislation to prevent the illegal dumping of waste after legitimate companies have been continuously undercut by illegally [using] " fly tippers " who deposit waste on unapproved sites .

2.15.3 a central control station for any security system operating throughout the Centre
2.15.3 a central control station for any security system [using] throughout the centre

Deixis is seen as a fundamental element of human discourse , and a particular discoursal site is isolated where it can be seen operating in a particular way .
deixis is seen as a fundamental element of human discourse , and a particular discoursal site is isolated where it can be seen [using] in a particular way .

The final part of the procedure before analysis can begin is to see these categories of deixis within a particular discourse , operating at a point along a cline of activity .
the final part of the procedure before analysis can begin is to see these categories of deixis within a particular discourse , [using] at a point along a cline of activity .

He sees the possibility of a non-egocentric deixis operating .
he sees the possibility of a non-egocentric deixis [using] .

And indeed , the lexicon of `` Diffugere nives `` lends itself repeatedly to the construction of immanent linkages in the lexicon , a strain of metaphor not overt ( like the obvious figure of comae , `` tresses `` , in the second line ) but operating covertly through the potential spread of reference , the semantic leeway , in certain items of vocabulary .
and indeed , the lexicon of `` diffugere nives `` lends itself repeatedly to the construction of immanent linkages in the lexicon , a strain of metaphor not overt ( like the obvious figure of comae , `` tresses `` , in the second line ) but [using] covertly through the potential spread of reference , the semantic leeway , in certain items of vocabulary .

Exclusion clauses are strictly construed but the common law rules on construction will not prevent a clearly worded clause from operating .
exclusion clauses are strictly construed but the common law rules on construction will not prevent a clearly worded clause from [using] .

The determination of the effect of the rules made by regulatory bodies operating in the public law sphere on common law and equitable rights and duties depends on two factors : ( 1 ) whether the regulatory bodies have been given authority to make rules altering private law rights ; and ( 2 ) if there is such authority , whether they have in fact exercised it when making their rules .
the determination of the effect of the rules made by regulatory bodies [using] in the public law sphere on common law and equitable rights and duties depends on two factors : ( 1 ) whether the regulatory bodies have been given authority to make rules altering private law rights ; and ( 2 ) if there is such authority , whether they have in fact exercised it when making their rules .

In particular , it may prevent the market 's price discovery mechanism operating as a genuine indicator of supply and demand , creating in turn a misleading impression of the value of a particular contract .
in particular , it may prevent the market 's price discovery mechanism [using] as a genuine indicator of supply and demand , creating in turn a misleading impression of the value of a particular contract .

Although it is operating under contractual rules , it is not under any general obligation to follow High Court procedures , such as discovery or the strict rules of evidence .
although it is [using] under contractual rules , it is not under any general obligation to follow high court procedures , such as discovery or the strict rules of evidence .

Literary studies in action approaches the study of literature in the same way that a comparatively naive undergraduate reader approaches it : as a conglomeration of linguistic and literary forms , functions and meanings , all operating at once and all of which have somehow to be deciphered in order to gain access to the text , and explained in order to facilitate the production of adequate essays .
literary studies in action approaches the study of literature in the same way that a comparatively naive undergraduate reader approaches it : as a conglomeration of linguistic and literary forms , functions and meanings , all [using] at once and all of which have somehow to be deciphered in order to gain access to the text , and explained in order to facilitate the production of adequate essays .

Before the work proper gets under way , there are several sections designed to guide the user into `` operating `` the workbook in a productive way .
before the work proper gets under way , there are several sections designed to guide the user into `` [using] `` the workbook in a productive way .

You can buy packs which you complete manually with exact timings taken from a digital clock , but it is more common for standard pads to be completed operating on a six-minute unit .
you can buy packs which you complete manually with exact timings taken from a digital clock , but it is more common for standard pads to be completed [using] on a six-minute unit .

, on the basis of the particular configuration of goals , situational constraints and discoursal conventions in which he or she is operating .
, on the basis of the particular configuration of goals , situational constraints and discoursal conventions in which he or she is [using] .

This command allows a string expression to be passed to the operating system .
this command allows a string expression to be passed to the [using] system .

Operating System Interface
[using] system interface

The following symbols and abbreviations are used as part of the explanation of the operating system commands .
the following symbols and abbreviations are used as part of the explanation of the [using] system commands .

The `` Operating System Interface `` section of the manual describes how input and output may be redirected .
the `` [using] system interface `` section of the manual describes how input and output may be redirected .

In fact , there is a buffer between the program and the operating system , but this need only concern you when you are organising your program for maximum file access efficiency .
in fact , there is a buffer between the program and the [using] system , but this need only concern you when you are organising your program for maximum file access efficiency .

See the `` Operating System Interface `` and `` Printing `` sections for more details .
see the `` [using] system interface `` and `` printing `` sections for more details .

Lindsey was n't entirely sure she 'd agree as they moved on to a gleaming operating theatre .
lindsey was n't entirely sure she 'd agree as they moved on to a gleaming [using] theatre .

Amazingly she found herself treated to a brief smile as Niall , hair concealed beneath the operating cap , glanced briefly in her direction before he bent over the unconscious man once more .
amazingly she found herself treated to a brief smile as niall , hair concealed beneath the [using] cap , glanced briefly in her direction before he bent over the unconscious man once more .

Lindsey could feel the tiny rivulets of sweat running down her back beneath the green operating gown as she kept her gaze fixed firmly on the monitors .
lindsey could feel the tiny rivulets of sweat running down her back beneath the green [using] gown as she kept her gaze fixed firmly on the monitors .

The terminology may seem strange , as all terminology does , but it is worthwhile remembering that driving a car or operating a stereo system also involves the use of terminology , which we take for granted .
the terminology may seem strange , as all terminology does , but it is worthwhile remembering that driving a car or [using] a stereo system also involves the use of terminology , which we take for granted .

It was however , very labour intensive and therefore expensive in term staff hours in operating the system and particularly in issuing overdue notices .
it was however , very labour intensive and therefore expensive in term staff hours in [using] the system and particularly in issuing overdue notices .

Pupils develop skills and confidence in operating the microcomputer e.g .
pupils develop skills and confidence in [using] the microcomputer e.g .

( vi ) Conveyance or transfer by husband to wife , not within s83 , with element of gift — no monetary consideration Although hardly within the circumstances mentioned in this book , such a conveyance does avoid a charge to stamp duty by virtue of the Regulations and provided that it is a conveyance or transfer of property operating as a voluntary disposition inter vivos for no consideration in money or money 's worth nor any consideration referred to in s57 of the Stamp Act 1891 ( conveyance in consideration of a debt etc ) .
( vi ) conveyance or transfer by husband to wife , not within s83 , with element of gift — no monetary consideration although hardly within the circumstances mentioned in this book , such a conveyance does avoid a charge to stamp duty by virtue of the regulations and provided that it is a conveyance or transfer of property [using] as a voluntary disposition inter vivos for no consideration in money or money 's worth nor any consideration referred to in s57 of the stamp act 1891 ( conveyance in consideration of a debt etc ) .

It happened to be a goods ' entrance , and as she pushed open the heavy doors and slipped inside the deafening noise hit her — of hammering and drilling and the drone of the hydraulic pumps that operated the floor levels together with the shouts of the men operating the overhead cranes .
it happened to be a goods ' entrance , and as she pushed open the heavy doors and slipped inside the deafening noise hit her — of hammering and drilling and the drone of the hydraulic pumps that operated the floor levels together with the shouts of the men [using] the overhead cranes .

two operating modes : normal and sport
two [using] modes : normal and sport

The 1960 Act gave local authorities new powers to control caravan sites , including a requirement that all caravan sites had to be licensed before they could start operating ( thus partly closing loopholes in the planning and public health legislation ) .
the 1960 act gave local authorities new powers to control caravan sites , including a requirement that all caravan sites had to be licensed before they could start [using] ( thus partly closing loopholes in the planning and public health legislation ) .

In seeking ways in which planning procedures could be made more efficient , the committee noted that ‘ not all authorities are operating as efficiently as they might ’ and the greatest scope for improvement lay in assisting all authorities to reach the standard set by the best .
in seeking ways in which planning procedures could be made more efficient , the committee noted that ‘ not all authorities are [using] as efficiently as they might ’ and the greatest scope for improvement lay in assisting all authorities to reach the standard set by the best .

Their compulsory purchase powers may be useful in circumstances where the private market is not operating smoothly ( e.g .
their compulsory purchase powers may be useful in circumstances where the private market is not [using] smoothly ( e.g .

In fact several projects of this nature are currently operating and are having considerable success in improving the social , emotional and educational environment of the home ( see chapter 9 ) .
in fact several projects of this nature are currently [using] and are having considerable success in improving the social , emotional and educational environment of the home ( see chapter 9 ) .

The various categories of operating expenditure are broadly in line with budget for the year .
the various categories of [using] expenditure are broadly in line with budget for the year .

Staff costs at £631,681 amount to 36 % of total operating expenditure .
staff costs at £631,681 amount to 36 % of total [using] expenditure .

Here we shall look at the principles by which various methods of measuring velocity work ; the reader interested in the arrangements of a full working system and the procedures for operating it should follow up the references .
here we shall look at the principles by which various methods of measuring velocity work ; the reader interested in the arrangements of a full working system and the procedures for [using] it should follow up the references .

Unlike most other financial institutions , they are involved in operating the payments system : the transmission of money through cheques , standing orders , direct debits , etc .
unlike most other financial institutions , they are involved in [using] the payments system : the transmission of money through cheques , standing orders , direct debits , etc .

The authorities ( the government operating through the Bank of England ) could impose statutory minimum reserve requirements on the banks to prevent them choosing to reduce their liquidity ratio and choosing thereby to create more credit .
the authorities ( the government [using] through the bank of england ) could impose statutory minimum reserve requirements on the banks to prevent them choosing to reduce their liquidity ratio and choosing thereby to create more credit .

But despite the advantages of focusing on broad liquidity , there were considerable problems in operating statutory reserve requirements :
but despite the advantages of focusing on broad liquidity , there were considerable problems in [using] statutory reserve requirements :

Also there are the problems of disintermediation , as customers switch their borrowing away from those banks short of liquidity , and the problem of banks resisting the squeeze on liquidity by operating with a lower liquidity ratio .
also there are the problems of disintermediation , as customers switch their borrowing away from those banks short of liquidity , and the problem of banks resisting the squeeze on liquidity by [using] with a lower liquidity ratio .

Monetarists also see monetary policy operating through the indirect mechanisms .
monetarists also see monetary policy [using] through the indirect mechanisms .

Unfortunately , this being Egypt , the relation of the operating parts of the system to the ideal vision was somewhat cloudy .
unfortunately , this being egypt , the relation of the [using] parts of the system to the ideal vision was somewhat cloudy .

Basically , two groups of policy measures are involved — those involving conservation and enhancement of the natural environment and those affecting operating conditions for companies and public services .
basically , two groups of policy measures are involved — those involving conservation and enhancement of the natural environment and those affecting [using] conditions for companies and public services .

The various categories of operating expenditure are broadly in line with expectations .
the various categories of [using] expenditure are broadly in line with expectations .

That is why we are now operating a fully bimedia newsgathering operation .
that is why we are now [using] a fully bimedia newsgathering operation .

Scowling at his broad , white-sweatered back , she followed him into a room as neat and orderly as an operating theatre .
scowling at his broad , white-sweatered back , she followed him into a room as neat and orderly as an [using] theatre .

‘ So how do you feel about the fact that a ring is currently operating in the club ? ’
‘ so how do you feel about the fact that a ring is currently [using] in the club ? ’

She could n't bear the thought of such an evil trade operating on her territory , but she could never have hoped to crack it herself .
she could n't bear the thought of such an evil trade [using] on her territory , but she could never have hoped to crack it herself .

Was he involved in the drugs ring Adam was still convinced was operating in the club ?
was he involved in the drugs ring adam was still convinced was [using] in the club ?

He turned round , took her intercom control in his hand and then gave her another lesson in operating the controls .
he turned round , took her intercom control in his hand and then gave her another lesson in [using] the controls .

While we now have a reasonably good understanding of how interactions at plate boundaries give rise to major morphological features on the continents our knowledge of the tectonic processes operating in plate interiors is by comparision rather poor .
while we now have a reasonably good understanding of how interactions at plate boundaries give rise to major morphological features on the continents our knowledge of the tectonic processes [using] in plate interiors is by comparision rather poor .

Conduction of heat occurs only very slowly through rock , and if this is the only mechanism operating uplift will occur over a very long period — something of the order of 100 Ma .
conduction of heat occurs only very slowly through rock , and if this is the only mechanism [using] uplift will occur over a very long period — something of the order of 100 ma .

In most cases pseudo-karst develops as a result of processes analogous to those operating on true karst ; such is the case on some pure siliceous rocks subject to prolonged weathering where the slow dissolution of quartz creates karst-like forms .
in most cases pseudo-karst develops as a result of processes analogous to those [using] on true karst ; such is the case on some pure siliceous rocks subject to prolonged weathering where the slow dissolution of quartz creates karst-like forms .

Twelve years ago e-mail facilities were often only available to users competent to cope with the basic and rather cryptic tools inherent in operating systems on mainframes or large minicomputers .
twelve years ago e-mail facilities were often only available to users competent to cope with the basic and rather cryptic tools inherent in [using] systems on mainframes or large minicomputers .

When the product selection has been made some options for managing records may have been made impossible by the operating environment or application software .
when the product selection has been made some options for managing records may have been made impossible by the [using] environment or application software .

What we are seeing is the emergence of much more diverse and fluid organisations operating on much smaller local units .
what we are seeing is the emergence of much more diverse and fluid organisations [using] on much smaller local units .

Often we share many common objectives and interests with other agencies operating in our town in seeking to communicate with our communities .
often we share many common objectives and interests with other agencies [using] in our town in seeking to communicate with our communities .

Critical corruption leading to evident malfunction is a second category — the system hangs , the cursor freezes , the operating system fails to boot , or the program produces obvious gibberish .
critical corruption leading to evident malfunction is a second category — the system hangs , the cursor freezes , the [using] system fails to boot , or the program produces obvious gibberish .

Organisations , whether operating in a paper or electronic environment , need to ensure that adequate record-keeping procedures are established for a range of complementary reasons :
organisations , whether [using] in a paper or electronic environment , need to ensure that adequate record-keeping procedures are established for a range of complementary reasons :

That throughout the material part of that period the computer was operating properly or , if not , that any respect in which it was not operating properly or was out of operation during that part of that period was not such as to affect the production of the document or the accuracy of its contents ; and ,
that throughout the material part of that period the computer was [using] properly or , if not , that any respect in which it was not [using] properly or was out of operation during that part of that period was not such as to affect the production of the document or the accuracy of its contents ; and ,

The purpose of this paper has been to review some of the legal issues that organisations need to address when operating in an electronic documentation environment .
the purpose of this paper has been to review some of the legal issues that organisations need to address when [using] in an electronic documentation environment .

Undoubtedly these rather different agenda reflected to a certain extent divisions between the needs of teachers operating out of humanities computing and history departments , respectively .
undoubtedly these rather different agenda reflected to a certain extent divisions between the needs of teachers [using] out of humanities computing and history departments , respectively .

That Superbrain with a quarter megabyte of memory has only a finite life and then any records and software dedicated to its operating system is material for the e-paleographers .
that superbrain with a quarter megabyte of memory has only a finite life and then any records and software dedicated to its [using] system is material for the e-paleographers .

However , it is undeniable that contemporaries , operating with contemporary methods and criteria of accountancy , believed that it was inferior , though of course we can not tell how far the very justified horror of slavery or serfdom biased their calculations .
however , it is undeniable that contemporaries , [using] with contemporary methods and criteria of accountancy , believed that it was inferior , though of course we can not tell how far the very justified horror of slavery or serfdom biased their calculations .

There are two major variants of capitalist agriculture , which Lenin called respectively the ‘ Prussian ’ and the ‘ American ’ way : large estates operated by capitalist landlord-entrepreneurs with hired labour , and independent commercial farmers of varying sizes also operating with hired labour where necessary , though on a much smaller scale .
there are two major variants of capitalist agriculture , which lenin called respectively the ‘ prussian ’ and the ‘ american ’ way : large estates operated by capitalist landlord-entrepreneurs with hired labour , and independent commercial farmers of varying sizes also [using] with hired labour where necessary , though on a much smaller scale .

‘ Positive ’ science , operating on objective and ascertained facts , connected by rigid links of cause and effect , and producing uniform , invariant general ‘ laws ’ beyond query or wilful modification , was the master-key to the universe , and the nineteenth century possessed it .
‘ positive ’ science , [using] on objective and ascertained facts , connected by rigid links of cause and effect , and producing uniform , invariant general ‘ laws ’ beyond query or wilful modification , was the master-key to the universe , and the nineteenth century possessed it .

It does not therefore run the risk of encountering those barriers which prevent the Keynes effect from operating , namely absolute liquidity preference and/or an investment function which is interest inelastic .
it does not therefore run the risk of encountering those barriers which prevent the keynes effect from [using] , namely absolute liquidity preference and/or an investment function which is interest inelastic .

Obviously positive inflation may remain a feature of this hypothetical economy even if it is operating at the natural unemployment rate ( i.e .
obviously positive inflation may remain a feature of this hypothetical economy even if it is [using] at the natural unemployment rate ( i.e .

To this end Lucas ( 1977 , 1978 ) devised a model which was quite a remarkable demonstration of his virtuosity in operating within the confines of the market clearing framework to which he is such a committed adherent .
to this end lucas ( 1977 , 1978 ) devised a model which was quite a remarkable demonstration of his virtuosity in [using] within the confines of the market clearing framework to which he is such a committed adherent .

It follows that the persistence of unemployment was the result of forces which prevented this mechanism from operating freely .
it follows that the persistence of unemployment was the result of forces which prevented this mechanism from [using] freely .

This contract-based private law does not apply to officials operating under a statute : see 14.9.2 .
this contract-based private law does not apply to officials [using] under a statute : see 14.9.2 .

Care must be taken to ensure that these assets are included in the sale if they are needed by the purchaser for operating the business .
care must be taken to ensure that these assets are included in the sale if they are needed by the purchaser for [using] the business .

Although there is a school of thought that , if the vendor is besieged with questions , its management will be too occupied to negotiate with anyone other than the purchaser , it is important to consider who is operating the business if the full time attention of senior management is taken up with demands for information .
although there is a school of thought that , if the vendor is besieged with questions , its management will be too occupied to negotiate with anyone other than the purchaser , it is important to consider who is [using] the business if the full time attention of senior management is taken up with demands for information .

The plan is required under Dutch law as a prerequisite for the renewal of the plant 's operating licence .
the plan is required under dutch law as a prerequisite for the renewal of the plant 's [using] licence .

Timber companies carrying out massive logging operations in the remote tropical forests of northern Congo are operating outside the law and defrauding the government of millions of dollars , according to a report prepared for the World Bank and the Congolese government .
timber companies carrying out massive logging operations in the remote tropical forests of northern congo are [using] outside the law and defrauding the government of millions of dollars , according to a report prepared for the world bank and the congolese government .

It claims that operating a reactor at higher temperature , but lower pressure , would strengthen the welds .
it claims that [using] a reactor at higher temperature , but lower pressure , would strengthen the welds .

This would mean in effect that the privately owned operating companies would have to shoulder all research and development , waste disposal and decommissioning costs .
this would mean in effect that the privately owned [using] companies would have to shoulder all research and development , waste disposal and decommissioning costs .

Individual limits on emissions of pollutants are set for the 29 coal and oil-fired power stations , and operating conditions and standards are laid out .
individual limits on emissions of pollutants are set for the 29 coal and oil-fired power stations , and [using] conditions and standards are laid out .

Based on a survey of 250 companies , the report says that " over two thirds of companies expect operating costs to increase as a result of addressing environmental issues " and notes that " there is considerable uncertainty about the commercial benefits of responding to many environmental concerns " .
based on a survey of 250 companies , the report says that " over two thirds of companies expect [using] costs to increase as a result of addressing environmental issues " and notes that " there is considerable uncertainty about the commercial benefits of responding to many environmental concerns " .

The report , Forests Foregone : The European Community 's Trade in Tropical Timbers and the Destruction of the Forests , reveals that more than a hundred logging and timber processing companies owned or backed by European firms are operating in West and Central Africa .
the report , forests foregone : the european community 's trade in tropical timbers and the destruction of the forests , reveals that more than a hundred logging and timber processing companies owned or backed by european firms are [using] in west and central africa .

One oil rig is already operating in the region , near Devil 's Lake , an important wildlife habitat and the headwater for the region 's river .
one oil rig is already [using] in the region , near devil 's lake , an important wildlife habitat and the headwater for the region 's river .

Elm Energy , which is operating the plant on a contract from the Non-Fossil Purchasing Agency , says the power station will be the cleanest in the country ; £48 million has been spent on equipment to ensure that emissions are well below maximum levels set by the World Health Organisation .
elm energy , which is [using] the plant on a contract from the non-fossil purchasing agency , says the power station will be the cleanest in the country ; £48 million has been spent on equipment to ensure that emissions are well below maximum levels set by the world health organisation .

The World Bank board has approved a loan towards Chile 's Pangue dam project , even though the project has not received the full environmental assessment required under the bank 's operating guidelines .
the world bank board has approved a loan towards chile 's pangue dam project , even though the project has not received the full environmental assessment required under the bank 's [using] guidelines .

Among its findings on freshwater quality the report mentioned : ( i ) high levels of phosphates in rivers , lakes and reservoirs in most of central and southern England , which cause excessive growth of surface plants such as algae which in turn damage wildlife ; ( ii ) acidification of rivers and lakes in some parts of Scotland , northern England and Wales to such levels that they are almost devoid of fish ; ( iii ) one in eight sewage plants still not operating within discharge limits ; ( iv ) periodic high levels of pesticide pollution in drinking water ; and ( v ) a high proportion of freshwater sites used for recreational purposes failing to meet the standards set by the European Community directive on bathing water .
among its findings on freshwater quality the report mentioned : ( i ) high levels of phosphates in rivers , lakes and reservoirs in most of central and southern england , which cause excessive growth of surface plants such as algae which in turn damage wildlife ; ( ii ) acidification of rivers and lakes in some parts of scotland , northern england and wales to such levels that they are almost devoid of fish ; ( iii ) one in eight sewage plants still not [using] within discharge limits ; ( iv ) periodic high levels of pesticide pollution in drinking water ; and ( v ) a high proportion of freshwater sites used for recreational purposes failing to meet the standards set by the european community directive on bathing water .

Mike Sharpe , Cambridgeshire 's director of transport , stated that it was unlikely that any full-scale scheme would be operating before the end of the century .
mike sharpe , cambridgeshire 's director of transport , stated that it was unlikely that any full-scale scheme would be [using] before the end of the century .

The Lockean basis of constitutional interpretation in the United States -a higher law cognizable by independent , rational magistrates operating free of outside interests — finds no parallel in Britain .
the lockean basis of constitutional interpretation in the united states -a higher law cognizable by independent , rational magistrates [using] free of outside interests — finds no parallel in britain .

They were not welcome , they grated on the conscience of many in these establishments who had no intention of operating .
they were not welcome , they grated on the conscience of many in these establishments who had no intention of [using] .

For example , the requirements for keyboard operating pressure are so broad as to be meaningless .
for example , the requirements for keyboard [using] pressure are so broad as to be meaningless .

Their provisions for a number of aspects of the quality of working life were analysed and the results of the analysis are presented in Figure 2 which deals with : health and environmental standards for VDUs , rest periods for operating VDUs , machine monitoring of worker performance , extension of shiftwork , allocation of tasks , and job satisfaction .
their provisions for a number of aspects of the quality of working life were analysed and the results of the analysis are presented in figure 2 which deals with : health and environmental standards for vdus , rest periods for [using] vdus , machine monitoring of worker performance , extension of shiftwork , allocation of tasks , and job satisfaction .

Some studies are being made ( by the Department of Energy amongst others ) of user responses to solar heating systems in private houses ; these are chiefly in order to iron out operating problems , since to obtain maximum benefit the home owner or tenant must pay a little more attention to energy use patterns with active solar collector systems and avoid leaving doors and windows open with passive systems .
some studies are being made ( by the department of energy amongst others ) of user responses to solar heating systems in private houses ; these are chiefly in order to iron out [using] problems , since to obtain maximum benefit the home owner or tenant must pay a little more attention to energy use patterns with active solar collector systems and avoid leaving doors and windows open with passive systems .

Design then , " cognitive-modeling " — " an action-based " form of knowledge " for thinking , reasoning and operating " which is not " tied to concrete-operational levels of thinking " but deals also with " formal operational thought and hypothetical-deductive reasoning " — returns these levels of thought to the concrete through the medium of form and the activity of forming .
design then , " cognitive-modeling " — " an action-based " form of knowledge " for thinking , reasoning and [using] " which is not " tied to concrete-operational levels of thinking " but deals also with " formal operational thought and hypothetical-deductive reasoning " — returns these levels of thought to the concrete through the medium of form and the activity of forming .

In addition we have an abundance of ‘ work units ’ springing up all over West Belfast operating under the control of the Catholic Church with the backing of bodies like the International Fund for Ireland . But for whom is Belfast working ?
in addition we have an abundance of ‘ work units ’ springing up all over west belfast [using] under the control of the catholic church with the backing of bodies like the international fund for ireland . but for whom is belfast working ?

How is Actively Seeking Work operating in West Belfast compared to other areas ?
how is actively seeking work [using] in west belfast compared to other areas ?

Again , there is no direct attribution ; the child reader has to come to know the conventions which are operating and the inferences which can be made .
again , there is no direct attribution ; the child reader has to come to know the conventions which are [using] and the inferences which can be made .

No poet in the twentieth century has had such a conscious sense of his own work , or of the tradition in which he was operating .
no poet in the twentieth century has had such a conscious sense of his own work , or of the tradition in which he was [using] .

He liked a steady business , moving up rather than down , operating in not too competitive a climate , and able as a result to maintain a paternal relationship with the workpeople .
he liked a steady business , moving up rather than down , [using] in not too competitive a climate , and able as a result to maintain a paternal relationship with the workpeople .

Because of the enormous stresses and strains constantly operating on the lower back , there are various different ways in which the sciatic nerve roots can get squeezed .
because of the enormous stresses and strains constantly [using] on the lower back , there are various different ways in which the sciatic nerve roots can get squeezed .

The high moral principle , to use his own phrase , of mid-Victorian muscular Christianity , may well have seemed to the agnosticism of early twentieth-century scientific certainty an insubstantial basis for the development of Co-operation ; and , as a derivative from the French , from the advocacy by Louis Blanc and Buchez of self-governing Producers ' Associations formed by workmen and operating through ‘ National Workshops ’ , the concept was not only at odds with but alien to that of the British Movement which had come to be dominated by the Consumer Movement .
the high moral principle , to use his own phrase , of mid-victorian muscular christianity , may well have seemed to the agnosticism of early twentieth-century scientific certainty an insubstantial basis for the development of co-operation ; and , as a derivative from the french , from the advocacy by louis blanc and buchez of self-governing producers ' associations formed by workmen and [using] through ‘ national workshops ’ , the concept was not only at odds with but alien to that of the british movement which had come to be dominated by the consumer movement .

The quarter-century of sustained growth , broken only by minor interruptions , provided a favourable climate for the growth of self-help Consumers ' Co-operation operating in a buoyant and free domestic market : Producers ' Co-operation , the self-governing workshop , remained a means of protest against the generally accepted order , an out-of-fashion remnant from the hungry forties .
the quarter-century of sustained growth , broken only by minor interruptions , provided a favourable climate for the growth of self-help consumers ' co-operation [using] in a buoyant and free domestic market : producers ' co-operation , the self-governing workshop , remained a means of protest against the generally accepted order , an out-of-fashion remnant from the hungry forties .

Nor , more importantly , will they be able to suppose that there could therefore be no lasting future for an industrial co-operative sector operating in a market economy , as an extension of democracy as the term is understood in the west and , hence , as an evolutionary advance from Capitalism .
nor , more importantly , will they be able to suppose that there could therefore be no lasting future for an industrial co-operative sector [using] in a market economy , as an extension of democracy as the term is understood in the west and , hence , as an evolutionary advance from capitalism .

The need is to change them ; to find for the means of production and provision another structure such as will of its nature avoid the dilemma with which the present dispensation ultimately confronts the country : either unacceptably high and chronic unemployment or unacceptable and uncontrollable inflation , each so operating as eventually to destabilise society to the point where the purposes of liberal democracy can no longer be entertained , let alone fulfilled .
the need is to change them ; to find for the means of production and provision another structure such as will of its nature avoid the dilemma with which the present dispensation ultimately confronts the country : either unacceptably high and chronic unemployment or unacceptable and uncontrollable inflation , each so [using] as eventually to destabilise society to the point where the purposes of liberal democracy can no longer be entertained , let alone fulfilled .

She was glad that it was connected , however dimly , with Hemingway , for she knew about Hemingway , and she liked shockingly the sense of an operating corner in her inviolable mind .
she was glad that it was connected , however dimly , with hemingway , for she knew about hemingway , and she liked shockingly the sense of an [using] corner in her inviolable mind .

Worst of all , the Sûreté was not averse to operating for ‘ reasons of state ’ beyond the terms of the law itself and tended to bring the legal and judicial system of the French administration into disrepute as hardly preferable to the arbitrary Chinese system which it had supplanted .
worst of all , the sûreté was not averse to [using] for ‘ reasons of state ’ beyond the terms of the law itself and tended to bring the legal and judicial system of the french administration into disrepute as hardly preferable to the arbitrary chinese system which it had supplanted .

Vice-President Spiro Agnew , operating as Nixon 's `` hatchet man `` , delighted in identifying new recruits for this list of `` demons `` .
vice-president spiro agnew , [using] as nixon 's `` hatchet man `` , delighted in identifying new recruits for this list of `` demons `` .

Canadian regulations require a flight operating under instrument flight rules to carry sufficient fuel for flight to the destination , thence to an alternate airport , plus forty-five minutes reserve , unless otherwise specifically authorised .
canadian regulations require a flight [using] under instrument flight rules to carry sufficient fuel for flight to the destination , thence to an alternate airport , plus forty-five minutes reserve , unless otherwise specifically authorised .

If we now proceed to the process of back-substitution , this is in effect operating again with rows , and all it does is to compete the process which was done continuously in the pivotal condensation of 2.2.1 .
if we now proceed to the process of back-substitution , this is in effect [using] again with rows , and all it does is to compete the process which was done continuously in the pivotal condensation of 2.2.1 .

We use the approach of 2.2.1 ; but instead of operating on ( 2.2.1.1 ) with the matrices Mi , we operate directly on ( 1 ) .
we use the approach of 2.2.1 ; but instead of [using] on ( 2.2.1.1 ) with the matrices mi , we operate directly on ( 1 ) .

This does not mean that the timetable disappears , although in the smaller primary schools operating the integrated day it does so to a very great extent , leaving only such activities as physical education and music needing some organized attention .
this does not mean that the timetable disappears , although in the smaller primary schools [using] the integrated day it does so to a very great extent , leaving only such activities as physical education and music needing some organized attention .

We searched for examples around the country but found there were few operating in the National Health Service .
we searched for examples around the country but found there were few [using] in the national health service .

The Open School has been operating in Johannesburg for more than 20 years .
the open school has been [using] in johannesburg for more than 20 years .

Gooch watched Akram 's bowling as closely as a surgeon at the operating table , the ball flashing across him at an acute angle against the backdrop of a dramatic dark-blue sky .
gooch watched akram 's bowling as closely as a surgeon at the [using] table , the ball flashing across him at an acute angle against the backdrop of a dramatic dark-blue sky .

What seems more likely is that Basquiat could be the beneficiary of a process operating in the market ( and among some critics ) , where artists who appear able to retain their market value in the next decade are promoted and shown , whereas others considered beyond rehabilitation are ignored .
what seems more likely is that basquiat could be the beneficiary of a process [using] in the market ( and among some critics ) , where artists who appear able to retain their market value in the next decade are promoted and shown , whereas others considered beyond rehabilitation are ignored .

The company facilitated the aggregation of vast sums of capital from numerous small investors and this together with changes in technology and organizational techniques led to a vast expansion in the size of the firm and a reduction in the number of firms operating in any particular industry .
the company facilitated the aggregation of vast sums of capital from numerous small investors and this together with changes in technology and organizational techniques led to a vast expansion in the size of the firm and a reduction in the number of firms [using] in any particular industry .

The first reason why the market could no longer be perceived as limiting economic power was that the structure of the market ceased to correspond even loosely with the model of perfect competition which required numerous firms operating in the same industry so that no firm was capable of affecting the price of its product by varying the level of the output of that product .
the first reason why the market could no longer be perceived as limiting economic power was that the structure of the market ceased to correspond even loosely with the model of perfect competition which required numerous firms [using] in the same industry so that no firm was capable of affecting the price of its product by varying the level of the output of that product .

Thus many of the early joint.stock enterprises which were granted the privilege of corporate identity were concerned with building and operating canals and railways .
thus many of the early joint.stock enterprises which were granted the privilege of corporate identity were concerned with building and [using] canals and railways .

They accept that it is no longer plausible to assume that those operating the business have their freedom of action constrained by the competitive market or their own self-interest .
they accept that it is no longer plausible to assume that those [using] the business have their freedom of action constrained by the competitive market or their own self-interest .

We are not really operating a gallery in the true sense of the word , with additional stock behind the scenes .
we are not really [using] a gallery in the true sense of the word , with additional stock behind the scenes .

These activities will be financed by an operating budget of Pta200 million ( £1.14 million ; $ 2.25 million ) , a half of which will be provided by Palma 's civic purse , with the remainder gathered from entrance fees and profits in the shop and restaurant .
these activities will be financed by an [using] budget of pta200 million ( £1.14 million ; $ 2.25 million ) , a half of which will be provided by palma 's civic purse , with the remainder gathered from entrance fees and profits in the shop and restaurant .

Although Michael Ainslie , president and chief operating officer said in April that the Acquavella deal had now paid for itself , there are rumours that payments for sales have slowed , and new sales are difficult .
although michael ainslie , president and chief [using] officer said in april that the acquavella deal had now paid for itself , there are rumours that payments for sales have slowed , and new sales are difficult .

Since the de Mazia Trust remains the most forceful opponent of the current Barnes leadership ( and a major source of operating funds for the Barnes Foundation ) , serious doubts about its legitimacy would lift a major obstacle from the Barnes board 's freedom of movement .
since the de mazia trust remains the most forceful opponent of the current barnes leadership ( and a major source of [using] funds for the barnes foundation ) , serious doubts about its legitimacy would lift a major obstacle from the barnes board 's freedom of movement .

The report highlights the minimal security operating within the library which allowed Dr James 's thefts to go undiscovered for so long .
the report highlights the minimal security [using] within the library which allowed dr james 's thefts to go undiscovered for so long .

As a result , each artist was chosen for at least four reasons , but with a common denominator : we decided to present individuals operating from an independent position , whose work has a certain degree of complexity and can not be reduced to one or two key ideas .
as a result , each artist was chosen for at least four reasons , but with a common denominator : we decided to present individuals [using] from an independent position , whose work has a certain degree of complexity and can not be reduced to one or two key ideas .

It is said that one of the merits of ‘ Documenta ’ this time round is that , with four much-travelled curators , it is truly international in its scope , and that for the first time it takes account of artists not operating in the great ‘ art capitals ’ …
it is said that one of the merits of ‘ documenta ’ this time round is that , with four much-travelled curators , it is truly international in its scope , and that for the first time it takes account of artists not [using] in the great ‘ art capitals ’ …

The problems will of course vary according to the field in which your company or organisation is operating and what it is trying to achieve .
the problems will of course vary according to the field in which your company or organisation is [using] and what it is trying to achieve .

Some companies operating in the consumer field have also seen the value of group luncheons in generating special features around products which are not very exciting and which do not really merit a series of individual lunches .
some companies [using] in the consumer field have also seen the value of group luncheons in generating special features around products which are not very exciting and which do not really merit a series of individual lunches .

There are now approximately 2 million more weavers operating in Persia than there were during the time of the late Shah , and , even if this trend is reversed , existing stocks are large enough to keep the Western markets more than adequately supplied for a decade or so .
there are now approximately 2 million more weavers [using] in persia than there were during the time of the late shah , and , even if this trend is reversed , existing stocks are large enough to keep the western markets more than adequately supplied for a decade or so .

The industry was revitalized , and since the 1960s rug-making has become an increasingly efficient and well-organized business , operating under strong centralized control .
the industry was revitalized , and since the 1960s rug-making has become an increasingly efficient and well-organized business , [using] under strong centralized control .

Thus , for example , a single-product natural monopoly operating at output levels on the falling portion of the average cost curve is only ( price ) sustainable at price equal to average cost .
thus , for example , a single-product natural monopoly [using] at output levels on the falling portion of the average cost curve is only ( price ) sustainable at price equal to average cost .

First , we may note that the rationale for marginal cost pricing in public enterprises is based upon a Paretian decision-maker operating in an otherwise first-best economy .
first , we may note that the rationale for marginal cost pricing in public enterprises is based upon a paretian decision-maker [using] in an otherwise first-best economy .

Trains operating on the TransPennine route have space for a wheelchair user , and specially designed toilet facilities .
trains [using] on the transpennine route have space for a wheelchair user , and specially designed toilet facilities .

There are also details of regular steam trains operating over the main lines of British Rail .
there are also details of regular steam trains [using] over the main lines of british rail .

Length of Operating Line ( in miles )
length of [using] line ( in miles )

Though still rather austere , the city and suburban villa ‘ scattered homes ’ , housing between twelve and twenty children and their attendants , were a considerable improvement on the vast institutions still operating elsewhere in the country .
though still rather austere , the city and suburban villa ‘ scattered homes ’ , housing between twelve and twenty children and their attendants , were a considerable improvement on the vast institutions still [using] elsewhere in the country .

The combination of audio visual shows , extensive exhibitions and traditional lace machines in full operating order , make this an appealing attraction for all age groups . Two superb lace shops also offer a wide range of goods from souvenirs to wedding dresses !
the combination of audio visual shows , extensive exhibitions and traditional lace machines in full [using] order , make this an appealing attraction for all age groups . two superb lace shops also offer a wide range of goods from souvenirs to wedding dresses !

By the end of the Meiji period control was focused in a highly centralized state whose functions were carried out through Western style political , administrative and judicial institutions operating in the name of the emperor .
by the end of the meiji period control was focused in a highly centralized state whose functions were carried out through western style political , administrative and judicial institutions [using] in the name of the emperor .

Hostility towards Japan , s economic policies in China and the policies of Japanese firms operating there , as well as a wider opposition to Japanese attitudes towards China as a whole , led to a succession of anti Japanese demonstrations and boycotts of Japanese products throughout the 1920s .
hostility towards japan , s economic policies in china and the policies of japanese firms [using] there , as well as a wider opposition to japanese attitudes towards china as a whole , led to a succession of anti japanese demonstrations and boycotts of japanese products throughout the 1920s .

Large successful corporations divide themselves into small companies and operating divisions .
large successful corporations divide themselves into small companies and [using] divisions .

There are two structures operating in any meeting and these may be classified as follows .
there are two structures [using] in any meeting and these may be classified as follows .

There was much pressure to extend the scope of the Convention to cover operating leases , in which equipment is let at its market use-value to several lessees in succession .
there was much pressure to extend the scope of the convention to cover [using] leases , in which equipment is let at its market use-value to several lessees in succession .

Such immunity would be entirely inappropriate in the case of an operating lease .
such immunity would be entirely inappropriate in the case of an [using] lease .

As previously noted , the purpose and effect of Directives is not to regulate international transactions but to impose uniform laws operating on domestic transactions within each member State .
as previously noted , the purpose and effect of directives is not to regulate international transactions but to impose uniform laws [using] on domestic transactions within each member state .

Multilateral standardization can also give a party confidence when entering a market , since it knows that it is getting terms no worse than others already operating there .
multilateral standardization can also give a party confidence when entering a market , since it knows that it is getting terms no worse than others already [using] there .

With some banks , details of any charges your bank may make for operating your account and how they are calculated , will be shown on a separate statement .
with some banks , details of any charges your bank may make for [using] your account and how they are calculated , will be shown on a separate statement .

Trading abroad as an importer or exporter can be highly profitable , but it often involves a greater degree of risk than operating in the home market .
trading abroad as an importer or exporter can be highly profitable , but it often involves a greater degree of risk than [using] in the home market .

In order that the parent company can maintain individual operational records for each subsidiary and determine which companies are operating most effectively , details of individual balances , and any bank interest they would have attracted , are provided .
in order that the parent company can maintain individual operational records for each subsidiary and determine which companies are [using] most effectively , details of individual balances , and any bank interest they would have attracted , are provided .

There is a fee to pay for arranging and/or operating a CheckOver .
there is a fee to pay for arranging and/or [using] a checkover .

Current Account With a Current Account you will have to pay certain charges when you use CheckOver for operating your account .
current account with a current account you will have to pay certain charges when you use checkover for [using] your account .

Furthermore , the very censorship under which Galileo was operating increased the nervousness of his opponents .
furthermore , the very censorship under which galileo was [using] increased the nervousness of his opponents .

time and again the Ministerial contribution to penal policy-making … lies not in the Minister 's bringing in his own fresh policy ideas , but in his operating creatively and with political drive upon ideas , proposals , reports , etc. , that are , so to speak , already to hand , often within the department but sometimes in the surrounding world of penal thought .
time and again the ministerial contribution to penal policy-making … lies not in the minister 's bringing in his own fresh policy ideas , but in his [using] creatively and with political drive upon ideas , proposals , reports , etc. , that are , so to speak , already to hand , often within the department but sometimes in the surrounding world of penal thought .

The Operating Department confirmed , however , that the locomotive is rostered for service on Sunday .
the [using] department confirmed , however , that the locomotive is rostered for service on sunday .

This type of unit has the advantages , ( where a farm shop is operating ) of selling all eggs produced from their own shop .
this type of unit has the advantages , ( where a farm shop is [using] ) of selling all eggs produced from their own shop .

We have in fact such an enterprise in West Sussex operating with 1,000 birds and still not quite producing enough eggs .
we have in fact such an enterprise in west sussex [using] with 1,000 birds and still not quite producing enough eggs .

Instead of most loans being made and credit instruments issued and traded within national systems under national authorities and in accordance with recognised , fairly stable rules , the new system is a worldwide network of banks and financial operators linked together by cheap , reliable and instant means of communication — but operating under far less well-defined and exigent rules .
instead of most loans being made and credit instruments issued and traded within national systems under national authorities and in accordance with recognised , fairly stable rules , the new system is a worldwide network of banks and financial operators linked together by cheap , reliable and instant means of communication — but [using] under far less well-defined and exigent rules .

Further barriers come from the fact that alumina plants are highly specialised ; switching among alternative sources of bauxite of varying chemical composition can add anywhere between 20–100 per cent to the operating costs ( Stuckey , 1983 : pp .
further barriers come from the fact that alumina plants are highly specialised ; switching among alternative sources of bauxite of varying chemical composition can add anywhere between 20–100 per cent to the [using] costs ( stuckey , 1983 : pp .

The operating conditions make short-term or spot contracts highly risky ; stockpiling is uneconomic , because bauxite has few alternative uses .
the [using] conditions make short-term or spot contracts highly risky ; stockpiling is uneconomic , because bauxite has few alternative uses .

CitiBank spent $ 1.5 billion in 1989 on information management , equivalent to $ 19,000 per staff member or 20 per cent of non-interest operating costs .
citibank spent $ 1.5 billion in 1989 on information management , equivalent to $ 19,000 per staff member or 20 per cent of non-interest [using] costs .

What information gets traded is determined day-to-day , often by engineers and operating managers .
what information gets traded is determined day-to-day , often by engineers and [using] managers .

Wells ( 1983 ) estimated that there were as many as 8000 subsidiaries of firms from developing countries operating in other developing countries .
wells ( 1983 ) estimated that there were as many as 8000 subsidiaries of firms from developing countries [using] in other developing countries .

The state-owned textile companies now operating with insufficient working capital are even more vulnerable to price gouging by Asian wholesalers ( Coughlin , 1987 ) .
the state-owned textile companies now [using] with insufficient working capital are even more vulnerable to price gouging by asian wholesalers ( coughlin , 1987 ) .

The advisor explains the constant vigilance needed to outwit enemy infiltrators , and accurately claims that even at this early stage of the war North Vietnamese regulars are operating south of the border .
the advisor explains the constant vigilance needed to outwit enemy infiltrators , and accurately claims that even at this early stage of the war north vietnamese regulars are [using] south of the border .

The results led to the hypothesis that school is operating on grouping operations at least partly through the training embodied in the written language .
the results led to the hypothesis that school is [using] on grouping operations at least partly through the training embodied in the written language .

The social reality is that the uses of ‘ history ’ , if not always as crude and blatant as this , always involve selection , speculation and hypothesised connections , and that the scholars operating this process are products of a specific society , speak its language and are imbued with its ideology , so their work must always bear a complex if not tangential relationship to ‘ reality ’ and ‘ objectivity ’ .
the social reality is that the uses of ‘ history ’ , if not always as crude and blatant as this , always involve selection , speculation and hypothesised connections , and that the scholars [using] this process are products of a specific society , speak its language and are imbued with its ideology , so their work must always bear a complex if not tangential relationship to ‘ reality ’ and ‘ objectivity ’ .

is operating in a given context , is irrelevant , Lyons would claim , to his central point .
is [using] in a given context , is irrelevant , lyons would claim , to his central point .

The values of classical liberalism assert the dignity of the individual , the primacy of individual freedom , the virtues of markets , and the requirement of limited government operating under the rule of law .
the values of classical liberalism assert the dignity of the individual , the primacy of individual freedom , the virtues of markets , and the requirement of limited government [using] under the rule of law .

In these respects there are some similarities between the way in which Kuhn views the paradigm of ‘ normal science ’ operating in the natural sciences and the way in which this dominant tradition has been established in public law .
in these respects there are some similarities between the way in which kuhn views the paradigm of ‘ normal science ’ [using] in the natural sciences and the way in which this dominant tradition has been established in public law .

As the sale of accommodation produces the highest proportion of the income of a hotel , daily occupancy reports are prepared and analysed in order that management can measure whether the hotel is operating to its maximum efficiency .
as the sale of accommodation produces the highest proportion of the income of a hotel , daily occupancy reports are prepared and analysed in order that management can measure whether the hotel is [using] to its maximum efficiency .

The Senior Officers are the executive managers of the various departments and operating units of the Press .
the senior officers are the executive managers of the various departments and [using] units of the press .

If the lower-level members refuse to accept and legitimize the social power of those above them , then those managers have great difficulty in carrying out sanctions and operating the organization .
if the lower-level members refuse to accept and legitimize the social power of those above them , then those managers have great difficulty in carrying out sanctions and [using] the organization .

They were very isolated from other members of the team because they were essentially ward based , while the more senior staff spent much of their time in outpatient clinics and operating theatres — often in different hospitals .
they were very isolated from other members of the team because they were essentially ward based , while the more senior staff spent much of their time in outpatient clinics and [using] theatres — often in different hospitals .

In other words , if precedent was followed , the package of budget cuts would be attacked piecemeal when it disappeared into the congressional maze ; even though there might be general agreement on the need to cut the budget , vested interests operating through sympathetic members could , one by one , weaken or restore specific cuts .
in other words , if precedent was followed , the package of budget cuts would be attacked piecemeal when it disappeared into the congressional maze ; even though there might be general agreement on the need to cut the budget , vested interests [using] through sympathetic members could , one by one , weaken or restore specific cuts .

Moreover , a marked tension developed between the predominantly Great Russian businessmen of the centre and the variety of mutually divided ethnic minorities operating on the periphery — including poles , Jews , Armenians , Greeks , and Tatars .
moreover , a marked tension developed between the predominantly great russian businessmen of the centre and the variety of mutually divided ethnic minorities [using] on the periphery — including poles , jews , armenians , greeks , and tatars .

Only longer experience of a wider range of practices operating in a more constrained financial climate will enable a proper judgment to be made .
only longer experience of a wider range of practices [using] in a more constrained financial climate will enable a proper judgment to be made .

Operating under budgets constrained by the government 's public expenditure policies , health authorities can do little other than wait until the new financial year before they provide extra funds for hospitals .
[using] under budgets constrained by the government 's public expenditure policies , health authorities can do little other than wait until the new financial year before they provide extra funds for hospitals .

The projects were tested under real life conditions by classroom teachers operating within the normal constraints of teaching .
the projects were tested under real life conditions by classroom teachers [using] within the normal constraints of teaching .

It is convenient to have a winch with a big hook hanging above the operating table for these operations .
it is convenient to have a winch with a big hook hanging above the [using] table for these operations .

To be governed is to be subjected to the regular pressure of an authority operating according to fixed rules .
to be governed is to be subjected to the regular pressure of an authority [using] according to fixed rules .

to be independent of specialist operating and support personnel for successful day-to-day running
to be independent of specialist [using] and support personnel for successful day-to-day running

Operating Procedures for the New Oxford English Dictionary Computer System .
[using] procedures for the new oxford english dictionary computer system .

Liaises with Computer Services to ensure operating procedures are carried out .
liaises with computer services to ensure [using] procedures are carried out .

The operating system allocates processor time to virtual machines on the basis of their operating characteristics , priority , and the load on the system as a whole .
the [using] system allocates processor time to virtual machines on the basis of their [using] characteristics , priority , and the load on the system as a whole .

The principal operating characteristics of a virtual machine are :
the principal [using] characteristics of a virtual machine are :

They will also create indirect demand for resources through the operating system , which is both itself a resource and a consumer of resources .
they will also create indirect demand for resources through the [using] system , which is both itself a resource and a consumer of resources .

The greater the demand generated from these , the more work the operating system does .
the greater the demand generated from these , the more work the [using] system does .

The effect of addressing a location which is not available in real memory is to interrupt the operating system , which will then retrieve the required page of virtual memory ( by reading it from disk , making room for it in main memory , and if necessary writing some other page in main storage to disk ) .
the effect of addressing a location which is not available in real memory is to interrupt the [using] system , which will then retrieve the required page of virtual memory ( by reading it from disk , making room for it in main memory , and if necessary writing some other page in main storage to disk ) .

Operating System
[using] system

The operating system is too complex a resource to describe in a simple way .
the [using] system is too complex a resource to describe in a simple way .

Second , a program as a whole could be treated as data by a supervisory program ; a loader , an assembler or compiler , or an operating system .
second , a program as a whole could be treated as data by a supervisory program ; a loader , an assembler or compiler , or an [using] system .

In this book we are concerned with those internal design aspects of a computer which directly affect the way in which it processes data ; we therefore exclude such external aspects as the packaging of electronic components and units , the supply of power , or the conditions under which the computer is capable of operating , important though these are .
in this book we are concerned with those internal design aspects of a computer which directly affect the way in which it processes data ; we therefore exclude such external aspects as the packaging of electronic components and units , the supply of power , or the conditions under which the computer is capable of [using] , important though these are .

As we suggested earlier , most users ( and even most programmers ) see the computer at a level remote from the hardware , shielded as it is behind layers of operating system and compiler software .
as we suggested earlier , most users ( and even most programmers ) see the computer at a level remote from the hardware , shielded as it is behind layers of [using] system and compiler software .

The instruction set for operating on floating-point numbers includes the four arithmetic operations of addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division ( usually without remainder ) ; negate and clear ( set to zero ) operations may also be provided .
the instruction set for [using] on floating-point numbers includes the four arithmetic operations of addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division ( usually without remainder ) ; negate and clear ( set to zero ) operations may also be provided .

2.12 . How could a double-length rotate instruction operating on a pair of processor registers be used to interchange their values ?
2.12 . how could a double-length rotate instruction [using] on a pair of processor registers be used to interchange their values ?

All but the smallest modern computers therefore have a layer of supervisory programs , the operating system , between the hardware and the problem programs , as shown in Figure 1.9 .
all but the smallest modern computers therefore have a layer of supervisory programs , the [using] system , between the hardware and the problem programs , as shown in figure 1.9 .

The tasks of the operating system are : ( a ) To share between users the computer 's resources ( processor time , store , transput devices , and information usually in the form of files of programs and data ) .
the tasks of the [using] system are : ( a ) to share between users the computer 's resources ( processor time , store , transput devices , and information usually in the form of files of programs and data ) .

For flexibility and economy the operating system is implemented as a set of programs , though in future more of its functions are likely to be taken over by hardware .
for flexibility and economy the [using] system is implemented as a set of programs , though in future more of its functions are likely to be taken over by hardware .

For a more detailed discussion of operating systems see Hansen ( 1973 ) , Madnick and Donovan ( 1974 ) , or Lister ( 1975 ) .
for a more detailed discussion of [using] systems see hansen ( 1973 ) , madnick and donovan ( 1974 ) , or lister ( 1975 ) .

Since we wish to keep small the amount of main store occupied by the operating system , most of it is non-resident , being stored on magnetic disc or drum and brought into main store as required .
since we wish to keep small the amount of main store occupied by the [using] system , most of it is non-resident , being stored on magnetic disc or drum and brought into main store as required .

( a ) Large areas of an operating system ( for example the compilers and the scheduling and accounting programs ) do not require the use of privileged instructions , and therefore should not run in supervisor mode .
( a ) large areas of an [using] system ( for example the compilers and the scheduling and accounting programs ) do not require the use of privileged instructions , and therefore should not run in supervisor mode .

Most of these processes will be problem processes , but some may be operating system processes , such as one reading job descriptions from a card reader into a job queue on disc .
most of these processes will be problem processes , but some may be [using] system processes , such as one reading job descriptions from a card reader into a job queue on disc .

In the operating system area there are many tasks , such as process intercommunication and switching , or transput control , where heavily used sequences of Steps could be written in microcode .
in the [using] system area there are many tasks , such as process intercommunication and switching , or transput control , where heavily used sequences of steps could be written in microcode .

According to this account , the learning process is determined by the innate structure of the learner operating upon the specific organisation of whichever human language he or she is exposed to .
according to this account , the learning process is determined by the innate structure of the learner [using] upon the specific organisation of whichever human language he or she is exposed to .

But Fritz was n't too perturbed what his rooms were used for — so long as he was paid , and many factions and organizations , both political and criminal , operating in London used the Warehouse Hotel , as it was called , for their meetings .
but fritz was n't too perturbed what his rooms were used for — so long as he was paid , and many factions and organizations , both political and criminal , [using] in london used the warehouse hotel , as it was called , for their meetings .

The rules for operating in symbolic algebra are to be just those of arithmetic algebra .
the rules for [using] in symbolic algebra are to be just those of arithmetic algebra .

One exception was a collaboration with Wilhelm Weber which produced in 1833 the first operating electric telegraph .
one exception was a collaboration with wilhelm weber which produced in 1833 the first [using] electric telegraph .

The multinationals have moved to other countries because of the civil war and according to the last report , in May 1983 , there were only four factories still operating in the multinational industrial parks .
the multinationals have moved to other countries because of the civil war and according to the last report , in may 1983 , there were only four factories still [using] in the multinational industrial parks .

There is a government Sanitary Committee , but doctors report members as corrupt and irresponsible and companies operating their own control mechanisms can afford to be very lax .
there is a government sanitary committee , but doctors report members as corrupt and irresponsible and companies [using] their own control mechanisms can afford to be very lax .

So what happened is that the literate women arranged their time so that every day they now have an hour set by to sit down with one of the illiterates and that 's how the literacy campaign is operating at the moment .
so what happened is that the literate women arranged their time so that every day they now have an hour set by to sit down with one of the illiterates and that 's how the literacy campaign is [using] at the moment .

It had been reported to the Committee by schools operating such a series of tests that the motivation of their pupils was increased because tests at different levels provide both an incentive and evidence of progress over several terms .
it had been reported to the committee by schools [using] such a series of tests that the motivation of their pupils was increased because tests at different levels provide both an incentive and evidence of progress over several terms .

During waking life primary process thinking is displaced during the child 's development by secondary process thinking , and in the adult it remains as a neurotic symptom , most clearly during dreaming , but also operating at a subconscious level to influence waking behaviour .
during waking life primary process thinking is displaced during the child 's development by secondary process thinking , and in the adult it remains as a neurotic symptom , most clearly during dreaming , but also [using] at a subconscious level to influence waking behaviour .

( i ) Kill the mouse by cervical dislocation , immediately dip it in the disinfectant solution in the beaker , blot to remove excess liquid and transfer to a sterile operating surface .
( i ) kill the mouse by cervical dislocation , immediately dip it in the disinfectant solution in the beaker , blot to remove excess liquid and transfer to a sterile [using] surface .

Better Shoe Ltd was operating a scheme with a well-known promotion company where the mother , in hospital after delivery , has a bag containing samples and a catalogue of baby products given to her .
better shoe ltd was [using] a scheme with a well-known promotion company where the mother , in hospital after delivery , has a bag containing samples and a catalogue of baby products given to her .

Emily Faithfull , young , confident and securely middle-class , appears to have been Operating from first principles rather than speaking or understanding the language of journeymen printers .
emily faithfull , young , confident and securely middle-class , appears to have been [using] from first principles rather than speaking or understanding the language of journeymen printers .

The plentiful records in Edinburgh provide a unique example of the way this classic restructuring of the work process was already operating in the book-printing houses , before the introduction of composing machines .
the plentiful records in edinburgh provide a unique example of the way this classic restructuring of the work process was already [using] in the book-printing houses , before the introduction of composing machines .

When Mr Reynolds returned to the ward from the operating theatre , he had a drainable , clear plastic bag over his colostomy .
when mr reynolds returned to the ward from the [using] theatre , he had a drainable , clear plastic bag over his colostomy .

In the operating theatre a small area of her skin was shaved and cleaned with an antiseptic lotion once she was anaesthetized .
in the [using] theatre a small area of her skin was shaved and cleaned with an antiseptic lotion once she was anaesthetized .

Operating theatres , accident and emergency departments and Day Hospitals may also have uneven workloads of a different pattern which can be met by part-time employees .
[using] theatres , accident and emergency departments and day hospitals may also have uneven workloads of a different pattern which can be met by part-time employees .

In some situations holiday arrangements might be organised at a lower level in the organisation , particularly in specialist areas , such as operating theatres , where interchange of staff between departments is less easy .
in some situations holiday arrangements might be organised at a lower level in the organisation , particularly in specialist areas , such as [using] theatres , where interchange of staff between departments is less easy .

She will be able to predict first-hand the impact of operating lists and other ward events .
she will be able to predict first-hand the impact of [using] lists and other ward events .

As before , when she was on the Northern Line , she thought there must be some rule , some operating law , that would stop more than a limited , controlled number getting in .
as before , when she was on the northern line , she thought there must be some rule , some [using] law , that would stop more than a limited , controlled number getting in .

It 's a problem which applies to all young photographers apparently , not just operating in the music field .
it 's a problem which applies to all young photographers apparently , not just [using] in the music field .

At the same time , there are other groups operating at the second level of influence on norms .
at the same time , there are other groups [using] at the second level of influence on norms .

We can see this system of dominant values as operating in two main ways .
we can see this system of dominant values as [using] in two main ways .

There is no suggestion at present that any such standards should apply to the lifeboat services of the world , and it would be a virtually impossible task given the widely differing operating conditions , constitutions and tasks of the constituent members .
there is no suggestion at present that any such standards should apply to the lifeboat services of the world , and it would be a virtually impossible task given the widely differing [using] conditions , constitutions and tasks of the constituent members .

Nevertheless , let us not forget that the cost of our massive boat building and shoreworks modernisation programmes has arisen significantly , as has the expense of operating our lifeboat service .
nevertheless , let us not forget that the cost of our massive boat building and shoreworks modernisation programmes has arisen significantly , as has the expense of [using] our lifeboat service .

Other changes have seen Walmer in Kent operating a 29 knot Atlantic 21 in place of an 8 knot Rother class .
other changes have seen walmer in kent [using] a 29 knot atlantic 21 in place of an 8 knot rother class .

Although he sounds the traditional warning that all electronics are aids to ‘ proper ’ navigation it is perhaps a sign of the times that he admits that many now see the chart-and- pencil methods as aids to the electronics … Also of note is that with increasingly user-friendly electronics one finds less in the way of detailed technical explanation of the operating theories , an entirely reasonable approach .
although he sounds the traditional warning that all electronics are aids to ‘ proper ’ navigation it is perhaps a sign of the times that he admits that many now see the chart-and- pencil methods as aids to the electronics … also of note is that with increasingly user-friendly electronics one finds less in the way of detailed technical explanation of the [using] theories , an entirely reasonable approach .

Although that lifeboat station was not operating during the war the crew were from a lifeboat family , one of whom was awarded a Bronze medal for Gallantry some 30 years later .
although that lifeboat station was not [using] during the war the crew were from a lifeboat family , one of whom was awarded a bronze medal for gallantry some 30 years later .

An operating range of 250 miles at full speed was required and survivor accommodation had to be greater than in the Arun class , the current large All-weather lifeboat .
an [using] range of 250 miles at full speed was required and survivor accommodation had to be greater than in the arun class , the current large all-weather lifeboat .

To pack all this equipment into a boat of this size and still allow operators the maximum operating efficiency and working space was not easy .
to pack all this equipment into a boat of this size and still allow operators the maximum [using] efficiency and working space was not easy .

Truman 's character and method of operating were different from his predecessor 's .
truman 's character and method of [using] were different from his predecessor 's .

Make sure your adviser has a full operating licence — known as a ‘ regulated ’ licence — and that his stationery , business card or literature states his authorisation .
make sure your adviser has a full [using] licence — known as a ‘ regulated ’ licence — and that his stationery , business card or literature states his authorisation .

Surgeons operating for breast cancer do n't agree whether the whole breast or the lump only should be removed .
surgeons [using] for breast cancer do n't agree whether the whole breast or the lump only should be removed .

Theme Park operating hours : —
theme park [using] hours : —

The operating hours should be used as a guideline and are subject to change .
the [using] hours should be used as a guideline and are subject to change .

An ordinary freedom-fighter or revolutionary — and there were a great many of them operating in the Holy Land at the time — might well have won popular support for his actions , but could not have been acclaimed as the Messiah .
an ordinary freedom-fighter or revolutionary — and there were a great many of them [using] in the holy land at the time — might well have won popular support for his actions , but could not have been acclaimed as the messiah .

In no other circumstances would she have tolerated militant vigilantes operating with impunity so far beyond their own domains .
in no other circumstances would she have tolerated militant vigilantes [using] with impunity so far beyond their own domains .

But how could the Templars , operating in the early twelfth century , have acquired such familiarity with a cryptographic system dating from a thousand years before , whose practitioners had apparently long vanished from the stage of history ?
but how could the templars , [using] in the early twelfth century , have acquired such familiarity with a cryptographic system dating from a thousand years before , whose practitioners had apparently long vanished from the stage of history ?

First , in the case of agencies which have no central recording systems containing details of their drug-using clients — GPs , social services , and the probation service — a postal questionnaire survey of all professionals operating in the Wirral branches of these services was conducted .
first , in the case of agencies which have no central recording systems containing details of their drug-using clients — gps , social services , and the probation service — a postal questionnaire survey of all professionals [using] in the wirral branches of these services was conducted .

The Special Commission ‘ encouraged the Central Authorities to serve extrajudicial documents not emanating from an authority or from a judicial officer if these documents were of a type which normally would call for the intervention of an authority in their countries ’ , a striking example of the generous approach taken in operating this Convention .
the special commission ‘ encouraged the central authorities to serve extrajudicial documents not emanating from an authority or from a judicial officer if these documents were of a type which normally would call for the intervention of an authority in their countries ’ , a striking example of the generous approach taken in [using] this convention .

If the process of taking evidence abroad is to serve its purpose , the evidence must be in a form which makes it admissible and gives it proper weight in the proceedings for which it was prepared , and this requires the authorities of the country in which the evidence is to be taken to show considerable flexibility in allowing , and it may be operating , modes of procedure which are quite unfamiliar .
if the process of taking evidence abroad is to serve its purpose , the evidence must be in a form which makes it admissible and gives it proper weight in the proceedings for which it was prepared , and this requires the authorities of the country in which the evidence is to be taken to show considerable flexibility in allowing , and it may be [using] , modes of procedure which are quite unfamiliar .

Population ageing is operating at two distinct levels : societal and within the older age groups itself .
population ageing is [using] at two distinct levels : societal and within the older age groups itself .

Although there are many agencies operating in the domiciliary sector we have detailed utilization data for only a minority of these : home helps and the mobile meals services ( meals on wheels ) .
although there are many agencies [using] in the domiciliary sector we have detailed utilization data for only a minority of these : home helps and the mobile meals services ( meals on wheels ) .

Hardly operating as a character in the story , Carlotta is always vividly present in it .
hardly [using] as a character in the story , carlotta is always vividly present in it .

Investors do not always sell their shares for exogenous reasons irrespective of whether or not they perceive insiders to be operating in the market .
investors do not always sell their shares for exogenous reasons irrespective of whether or not they perceive insiders to be [using] in the market .

Equally , common law remedies are riddled with so many complexities that they are unlikely to exercise much deterrent effect on conglomerate entities operating behind Chinese Walls .
equally , common law remedies are riddled with so many complexities that they are unlikely to exercise much deterrent effect on conglomerate entities [using] behind chinese walls .

In America , it is regarded as a centreline twin operating under the experimental category .
in america , it is regarded as a centreline twin [using] under the experimental category .

However , if you are using commercial finance ( or bank finance for that matter ) for a group , operating through a limited company , then the bank or finance house may ask for a personal guarantee against the money lent , by one or more director .
however , if you are using commercial finance ( or bank finance for that matter ) for a group , [using] through a limited company , then the bank or finance house may ask for a personal guarantee against the money lent , by one or more director .

Clean out all loose masonry and dust ; dampen the area thoroughly with clean water and inject Evo-Seal Expanding Filler into the void by operating the trigger on the plastic nozzle . Protect your eyes and use the plastic gloves supplied
clean out all loose masonry and dust ; dampen the area thoroughly with clean water and inject evo-seal expanding filler into the void by [using] the trigger on the plastic nozzle . protect your eyes and use the plastic gloves supplied

In matrilineal societies , the father is missing as an important social figure , but there is not always a totemic system operating .
in matrilineal societies , the father is missing as an important social figure , but there is not always a totemic system [using] .

The cost of operating the exchange could be covered by a small transfer charge , based perhaps on a ‘ height × distance from the road ’ basis .
the cost of [using] the exchange could be covered by a small transfer charge , based perhaps on a ‘ height × distance from the road ’ basis .

Restrictions imposed by the nature of the track would limit the operating speed to 50 mph and the large capital sums required to upgrade the line were not available .
restrictions imposed by the nature of the track would limit the [using] speed to 50 mph and the large capital sums required to upgrade the line were not available .

During a visit to Essex last week , Transport Secretary John MacGregor was lobbied on the issue by Stansted marketing manager Colin Hobbs and officials from other airlines operating from the airport .
during a visit to essex last week , transport secretary john macgregor was lobbied on the issue by stansted marketing manager colin hobbs and officials from other airlines [using] from the airport .

Operating out of Rockswell and other quarries in the county , the three were able to carry up to five extra loads , worth between £40 and £50 , per week .
[using] out of rockswell and other quarries in the county , the three were able to carry up to five extra loads , worth between £40 and £50 , per week .

Operating out of Rockswell and other quarries in the county , the three were able to carry up to five extra loads , worth between £40 and £50 , per week .
[using] out of rockswell and other quarries in the county , the three were able to carry up to five extra loads , worth between £40 and £50 , per week .

Both reactors are now operating at full load .
both reactors are now [using] at full load .

‘ The reduction of our cost base combined with an increased output of 14.34 Terawatt hours resulted in an operating cost of 2.98 pence per unit , compared with 3.21 ppu last year .
‘ the reduction of our cost base combined with an increased output of 14.34 terawatt hours resulted in an [using] cost of 2.98 pence per unit , compared with 3.21 ppu last year .

Funded by the European Community , the World Association of Nuclear Operators is co-ordinating an international effort to improve operating procedures at Kozloduy and bring them up to international safety standards .
funded by the european community , the world association of nuclear operators is co-ordinating an international effort to improve [using] procedures at kozloduy and bring them up to international safety standards .

Almost all Western nuclear operating utilities are involved , with each having been appointed lead company for particular projects .
almost all western nuclear [using] utilities are involved , with each having been appointed lead company for particular projects .

‘ The objective of the project is to upgrade the refuelling plant to improve operating efficiency and to make modifications which will allow us to refuel the reactors on load by spring 1994 ’ .
‘ the objective of the project is to upgrade the refuelling plant to improve [using] efficiency and to make modifications which will allow us to refuel the reactors on load by spring 1994 ’ .

‘ My own remit was to consider the management of operational safety covering normal and emergency operating procedures , the conduct of control room and plant operations , and radiation protection .
‘ my own remit was to consider the management of operational safety covering normal and emergency [using] procedures , the conduct of control room and plant operations , and radiation protection .

They carry huge staffs — the whole of Desnogorsk is dedicated to operating and servicing the power station .
they carry huge staffs — the whole of desnogorsk is dedicated to [using] and servicing the power station .

The Quality Scotland Foundation , of which Scottish Nuclear was one of the earliest members , will shortly announce the launch of the Scottish Digital Quality Award for presentation annually to the company operating the best total quality management scheme .
the quality scotland foundation , of which scottish nuclear was one of the earliest members , will shortly announce the launch of the scottish digital quality award for presentation annually to the company [using] the best total quality management scheme .

Insurance Broker , Agent or local General Accident office . Failure to disclose all relevant changes may invalidate your policy or may result in your policy not operating fully.A2
insurance broker , agent or local general accident office . failure to disclose all relevant changes may invalidate your policy or may result in your policy not [using] fully.a2

The division is now operating in two distinct business streams ;
the division is now [using] in two distinct business streams ;

The Division is now operating from one branch centre for each business stream-required : water treatment at Salisbury , and water hygiene and ventilation at Nottingham .
the division is now [using] from one branch centre for each business stream-required : water treatment at salisbury , and water hygiene and ventilation at nottingham .

The second stage of development will be considered after the first stage has been operating for two to three years .
the second stage of development will be considered after the first stage has been [using] for two to three years .

‘ During the changeover , the old and new systems will be running in parallel , but there should be little difference to the current operating methods , ’ said Andy .
‘ during the changeover , the old and new systems will be running in parallel , but there should be little difference to the current [using] methods , ’ said andy .

The water injection system is operating at peak , and over 62 million barrels of water have been injected into the reservoir to sustain pressure support and aid oil recovery .
the water injection system is [using] at peak , and over 62 million barrels of water have been injected into the reservoir to sustain pressure support and aid oil recovery .

‘ It is extremely important that my research is relevant to the sort of things which affect the oil industry and its operating context .
‘ it is extremely important that my research is relevant to the sort of things which affect the oil industry and its [using] context .

The miners ' strike put paid to that stage of the project and Peter returned to the Operations Support Group in London to prepare operating procedures and training manuals for the Ula platform .
the miners ' strike put paid to that stage of the project and peter returned to the operations support group in london to prepare [using] procedures and training manuals for the ula platform .

As part of the working crew , they also gained first-hand knowledge about operating a ship .
as part of the working crew , they also gained first-hand knowledge about [using] a ship .

The higher skin damage measurement in the lower layer indicates that loss circulation material possibly was stuck in the producing rock , a condition that might have been caused by initial drilling operating practices , says Chris Drysdale , Well Evaluation group leader .
the higher skin damage measurement in the lower layer indicates that loss circulation material possibly was stuck in the producing rock , a condition that might have been caused by initial drilling [using] practices , says chris drysdale , well evaluation group leader .

Despite the likely continuance of a difficult climate for the current year , the Board is confident that the Group will maintain progress through implementation of measures , as in 1992 , which increase the competitiveness of our business and in this way translate into higher operating margins .
despite the likely continuance of a difficult climate for the current year , the board is confident that the group will maintain progress through implementation of measures , as in 1992 , which increase the competitiveness of our business and in this way translate into higher [using] margins .

The effects of the continuing worldwide recession can be seen in the Wedgwood Group 's 1992 results , with sales down 4 per cent in Sterling terms ( 10 per cent Irish ) and operating profit by 11.7 per cent ( 16.5 per cent Irish ) .
the effects of the continuing worldwide recession can be seen in the wedgwood group 's 1992 results , with sales down 4 per cent in sterling terms ( 10 per cent irish ) and [using] profit by 11.7 per cent ( 16.5 per cent irish ) .

The underlying improvement in operating performance and the restructuring implemented in 1992 have set us on the path to full recovery .
the underlying improvement in [using] performance and the restructuring implemented in 1992 have set us on the path to full recovery .

Medical Services Division is an extremely professional service operating strictly to all guidelines and directives , do not forget to tell your prospects .
medical services division is an extremely professional service [using] strictly to all guidelines and directives , do not forget to tell your prospects .

Environmental Audits Environmental audits are carried out at our operating sites to ensure compliance with all statutory requirements and operation in accordance with this policy 's objectives .
environmental audits environmental audits are carried out at our [using] sites to ensure compliance with all statutory requirements and operation in accordance with this policy 's objectives .

centres ' internal verification systems are operating effectively and procedures have been followed .
centres ' internal verification systems are [using] effectively and procedures have been followed .

However , all these policies specifically exclude loss or damage caused by agricultural or industrial operations or any gradually operating cause , e.g .
however , all these policies specifically exclude loss or damage caused by agricultural or industrial operations or any gradually [using] cause , e.g .

Rentokil and Retail Cleaning is not a partnership that naturally springs to mind . However , this sector of the Environment Services Division has expanded greatly in the ten years that it has been operating
rentokil and retail cleaning is not a partnership that naturally springs to mind . however , this sector of the environment services division has expanded greatly in the ten years that it has been [using]

The tenth nuclear power unit is to start operating in India in the next few months , with the country aiming for a nuclear part with a total of 16 units within the coming years .
the tenth nuclear power unit is to start [using] in india in the next few months , with the country aiming for a nuclear part with a total of 16 units within the coming years .

The Barlaston sliphouse also has a recently restructured team — the only all-male department in the factory — of 28 men operating the principal processes of blending , pressing and pugging .
the barlaston sliphouse also has a recently restructured team — the only all-male department in the factory — of 28 men [using] the principal processes of blending , pressing and pugging .

‘ With an improvement of almost $142m at the pre-tax level , we have achieved a significant recovery in our operating performance at the half year .
‘ with an improvement of almost $142m at the pre-tax level , we have achieved a significant recovery in our [using] performance at the half year .

With losses in the second quarter reduced to $ 0.8m ( 1992 : $ 5.4m loss ) , General Accident 's property services operation produced a substantially lower deficit at the half year of $ 4.5m ( 1992 : $ 9.9m loss ) as measures designed to reduce operating costs continued to take effect .
with losses in the second quarter reduced to $ 0.8m ( 1992 : $ 5.4m loss ) , general accident 's property services operation produced a substantially lower deficit at the half year of $ 4.5m ( 1992 : $ 9.9m loss ) as measures designed to reduce [using] costs continued to take effect .

Workers ' Compensation reported an increase in premium income on a reduced policy count and achieved an improvement of over 4.6 points in the Operating Ratio .
workers ' compensation reported an increase in premium income on a reduced policy count and achieved an improvement of over 4.6 points in the [using] ratio .

The following is the operating ratio for the six months :
the following is the [using] ratio for the six months :

Deficit up just over a half from $89.6m to $136.6m following losses on Hurricane Andrew' of US[55m — equivalent to 4 points on the Operating Ratio , which was up from 112.42% to 116.23% at the three-quarter stage .
deficit up just over a half from $89.6m to $136.6m following losses on hurricane andrew' of us[55m — equivalent to 4 points on the [using] ratio , which was up from 112.42% to 116.23% at the three-quarter stage .

‘ Action taken to contain operating costs and introduce more selective underwriting procedures has proved increasingly effective and we have reported a substantial recovery in our operating performance for 1992 .
‘ action taken to contain [using] costs and introduce more selective underwriting procedures has proved increasingly effective and we have reported a substantial recovery in our [using] performance for 1992 .

The following shows the operating ratios for the period : —
the following shows the [using] ratios for the period : —

Losses in connection with General Accident 's property services operation were down from $ 4.5m to $ 3.7m , as measures designed to reduce operating costs began to take effect .
losses in connection with general accident 's property services operation were down from $ 4.5m to $ 3.7m , as measures designed to reduce [using] costs began to take effect .

The improvement achieved in all major classes during 1992 continued into the first quarter of 1993 as the portfolio benefited increasingly from action on rates and operating costs .
the improvement achieved in all major classes during 1992 continued into the first quarter of 1993 as the portfolio benefited increasingly from action on rates and [using] costs .

The following is the operating ratio for the quarter :
the following is the [using] ratio for the quarter :

The outgoing doctor — a Glaswegian called Dave Robertson — gave me a half hour tour of the makeshift clinic saying , ‘ this is the microscope for malaria slides , this is the operating table , this is the equipment for pulling out teeth … ( Extracting teeth !
the outgoing doctor — a glaswegian called dave robertson — gave me a half hour tour of the makeshift clinic saying , ‘ this is the microscope for malaria slides , this is the [using] table , this is the equipment for pulling out teeth … ( extracting teeth !

This will be structured into separate operating divisions each managed by a team of executives under a Divisional Managing Director .
this will be structured into separate [using] divisions each managed by a team of executives under a divisional managing director .

One of the consequences of the new structure is that , as and when the management of a subsidiary company becomes the responsibility of an operating division , its Board of Directors will thereafter only need to hold meetings to deal with any formal requirements prior to their company becoming dormant .
one of the consequences of the new structure is that , as and when the management of a subsidiary company becomes the responsibility of an [using] division , its board of directors will thereafter only need to hold meetings to deal with any formal requirements prior to their company becoming dormant .

Those who designed the materials were aware that boards would be operating in a wide variety of contexts and that members would come from a variety of backgrounds .
those who designed the materials were aware that boards would be [using] in a wide variety of contexts and that members would come from a variety of backgrounds .

When , in a major exercise , Rank Xerox switched a number of specialised staff to operating as teleworking freelance consultants ( involving setup costs of just £1,300 per head and achieving savings in office expenses of £17,500 per worker in the first year of operation ) , sending instructions by electronic mail was not enough : a ‘ gossip line ’ was introduced so that they could keep up on office news .
when , in a major exercise , rank xerox switched a number of specialised staff to [using] as teleworking freelance consultants ( involving setup costs of just £1,300 per head and achieving savings in office expenses of £17,500 per worker in the first year of operation ) , sending instructions by electronic mail was not enough : a ‘ gossip line ’ was introduced so that they could keep up on office news .

( c ) whether in the board 's judgment , given the trading environment in which the company is operating and expects to operate , adequate financial resources are available to enable it to continue in business for at least 12 months from the date the board approved the financial statements .
( c ) whether in the board 's judgment , given the trading environment in which the company is [using] and expects to operate , adequate financial resources are available to enable it to continue in business for at least 12 months from the date the board approved the financial statements .

‘ Our internal auditors already work closely with the external auditors , ’ said , still acting finance director for Scottish Power having also been promoted to chief operating officer , electricity supply .
‘ our internal auditors already work closely with the external auditors , ’ said , still acting finance director for scottish power having also been promoted to chief [using] officer , electricity supply .

‘ quality does not mean expense and luxury : it means reliability and service , and satisfying agreed requirements — it is the key to operating on a world-class level .
‘ quality does not mean expense and luxury : it means reliability and service , and satisfying agreed requirements — it is the key to [using] on a world-class level .

Certainly , according to Hardie , ‘ in the case of allocating insurance premiums on particular lines of cover when setting individual budgets for the following year , head offices could look at their operating units ’ past claims records and load them on the poor performers while even awarding the equivalent of no claims bonuses to the good ones .
certainly , according to hardie , ‘ in the case of allocating insurance premiums on particular lines of cover when setting individual budgets for the following year , head offices could look at their [using] units ’ past claims records and load them on the poor performers while even awarding the equivalent of no claims bonuses to the good ones .

For example , a solicitors ' practice operating out of High Street , Falkirk , may feel it has a lot less to fear from terrorist attack than , say , one in the City .
for example , a solicitors ' practice [using] out of high street , falkirk , may feel it has a lot less to fear from terrorist attack than , say , one in the city .

The procedures now operating were already in place , which , he says , is why the banks had the confidence to make the loan .
the procedures now [using] were already in place , which , he says , is why the banks had the confidence to make the loan .

Holland is based on three divisions , France has four , America four , Australia two and there are also operating companies in Hong Kong and Japan .
holland is based on three divisions , france has four , america four , australia two and there are also [using] companies in hong kong and japan .

To overcome this , the Government suggests a system , similar to that now operating in Scotland , under which children accompanied by an adult can be in licensed premises which have a Children 's Certificate where food and non-alcoholic beverages are also available .
to overcome this , the government suggests a system , similar to that now [using] in scotland , under which children accompanied by an adult can be in licensed premises which have a children 's certificate where food and non-alcoholic beverages are also available .

‘ An organisation is operating in a self-interested way if it is dealing with stress , ’ said .
‘ an organisation is [using] in a self-interested way if it is dealing with stress , ’ said .

Waverley Fund Management , operating from in Edinburgh and , London , was declared in default by the Investors Compensation Scheme on 22 April . Its membership of the Financial Intermediaries Managers and Brokers Regulatory Association was suspended on 16 April 1992/
waverley fund management , [using] from in edinburgh and , london , was declared in default by the investors compensation scheme on 22 april . its membership of the financial intermediaries managers and brokers regulatory association was suspended on 16 april 1992/

From his early days as a trainee manager to chairman of the board , Michael Hirst hopes and believes that his operating style has not changed .
from his early days as a trainee manager to chairman of the board , michael hirst hopes and believes that his [using] style has not changed .

Each operating region is visited once every three months and in between , he visits other countries to look at specific projects .
each [using] region is visited once every three months and in between , he visits other countries to look at specific projects .

Among other efforts , the hotel recycles paper , using proceeds to plant an orchard containing fast disappearing traditional varieties of apple , sends candles and soaps to charities operating in developing countries , recycles bottle and donates proceeds to charity , is researching ways of recycling kitchen waste , has minimised the environmental impact of its golf course , has bought energy-saving technology such as timer switches and has discovered that 70 per cent of its guests would be more likely to return as a result of its environmental practices .
among other efforts , the hotel recycles paper , using proceeds to plant an orchard containing fast disappearing traditional varieties of apple , sends candles and soaps to charities [using] in developing countries , recycles bottle and donates proceeds to charity , is researching ways of recycling kitchen waste , has minimised the environmental impact of its golf course , has bought energy-saving technology such as timer switches and has discovered that 70 per cent of its guests would be more likely to return as a result of its environmental practices .

Two new Help-line organisations are being established by local independent Groups and are operating in Lothian at the moment ( ie Child Watch and Help-line for Children ) and others may also appear .
two new help-line organisations are being established by local independent groups and are [using] in lothian at the moment ( ie child watch and help-line for children ) and others may also appear .

It is hoped to achieve the 15 % reduction in staffing by the employment of temporary staff as vacancies occur and this policy has been operating since 1 April 1992 .
it is hoped to achieve the 15 % reduction in staffing by the employment of temporary staff as vacancies occur and this policy has been [using] since 1 april 1992 .

They seemed demoralized and miserable , operating an endless mechanical process .
they seemed demoralized and miserable , [using] an endless mechanical process .

There was a line of operating tables .
there was a line of [using] tables .

The interests of the Institutes overlap and informal sub-groupings operating across Institutes include the Centre for Developmental Biology , the Centre for Parasite Biology and the Centre for Plant Sciences .
the interests of the institutes overlap and informal sub-groupings [using] across institutes include the centre for developmental biology , the centre for parasite biology and the centre for plant sciences .

With fifty or so subject boards and panels operating by the beginning of the 1970s there were serious problems of managing and regulating the processes concerned .
with fifty or so subject boards and panels [using] by the beginning of the 1970s there were serious problems of managing and regulating the processes concerned .

However , self-preservation is definitely operating — hence the relative abstinence .
however , self-preservation is definitely [using] — hence the relative abstinence .

So , for example , Burns and Stalker ( 1961 ) were able to divide forms of management structure into mechanistic and organic , the former being appropriate for firms operating under relatively stable market conditions because routine decision-making handles unchanging tasks efficiently , and the latter being appropriate to rapidly changing product environments where there is a continuous need to innovate and deal with new and unpredictable problems .
so , for example , burns and stalker ( 1961 ) were able to divide forms of management structure into mechanistic and organic , the former being appropriate for firms [using] under relatively stable market conditions because routine decision-making handles unchanging tasks efficiently , and the latter being appropriate to rapidly changing product environments where there is a continuous need to innovate and deal with new and unpredictable problems .

There is in any case , it is argued , less incentive for efficient production in a bureau than in a firm operating on a small profit margin where a small reduction in costs means a large increase in profits .
there is in any case , it is argued , less incentive for efficient production in a bureau than in a firm [using] on a small profit margin where a small reduction in costs means a large increase in profits .

There is in any case no guarantee that bureaus operating in the same policy area will compete .
there is in any case no guarantee that bureaus [using] in the same policy area will compete .

They often appoint high-status officials to monitor the spending and accounts of operating agencies ( Self 1985 , p. 68 ) .
they often appoint high-status officials to monitor the spending and accounts of [using] agencies ( self 1985 , p. 68 ) .

Since the Aids scare , that was now standard operating procedure .
since the aids scare , that was now standard [using] procedure .

It is a short step from this view to the position that there are several Third ( and First ) Worlds and that each of these Worlds has a specific set of relations with global capitalism , or even that there is no such thing as global capitalism but that there are several capitalisms operating nationally and internationally in different ways with different Third Worlds .
it is a short step from this view to the position that there are several third ( and first ) worlds and that each of these worlds has a specific set of relations with global capitalism , or even that there is no such thing as global capitalism but that there are several capitalisms [using] nationally and internationally in different ways with different third worlds .

The logic of global production is again operating , but through transfer pricing and the use of captive suppliers .
the logic of global production is again [using] , but through transfer pricing and the use of captive suppliers .

Logistical problems of corporations operating outside their home countries increase this dependence .
logistical problems of corporations [using] outside their home countries increase this dependence .

The creation of needs depends on multi-layered structures and dynamics connecting individual characteristics of the consumer with processes operating at the societal level .
the creation of needs depends on multi-layered structures and dynamics connecting individual characteristics of the consumer with processes [using] at the societal level .

It is irrelevant to critieize TNCs operating in the Third World because they are out to make profits .
it is irrelevant to critieize tncs [using] in the third world because they are out to make profits .

There are some TNCs that have been operating in Latin America , Africa and Asia for decades and have won enviable reputations as model employers .
there are some tncs that have been [using] in latin america , africa and asia for decades and have won enviable reputations as model employers .

This has introduced a qualitatively new circumstance that was not operating when today 's First World countries were making their transitions to industrialization and urbanization ( see Leopold , 1985 ) .
this has introduced a qualitatively new circumstance that was not [using] when today 's first world countries were making their transitions to industrialization and urbanization ( see leopold , 1985 ) .

Those assigned to surgery were scheduled for the next available or convenient operating list .
those assigned to surgery were scheduled for the next available or convenient [using] list .

The hospital services used by patients includes the time spent in the operating theatre ; medical , nursing and hotel services provided on the ward , services provided in out patient checks and injection endoscopy procedures , units of blood , and prescribed drugs .
the hospital services used by patients includes the time spent in the [using] theatre ; medical , nursing and hotel services provided on the ward , services provided in out patient checks and injection endoscopy procedures , units of blood , and prescribed drugs .

Surgical resection proved impossible after he had a cardiac arrest on the operating table .
surgical resection proved impossible after he had a cardiac arrest on the [using] table .

The rat was placed on a thermistor controlled operating table .
the rat was placed on a thermistor controlled [using] table .

These programmes are aimed at managers who are operating at Board level , allowing those with the greatest responsibility for strategy and policy the opportunity to refresh their skills , to bring themselves fully up-to-date professionally and to focus on the implications of changes in the commercial and public sector environment for the benefit of their own organisation
these programmes are aimed at managers who are [using] at board level , allowing those with the greatest responsibility for strategy and policy the opportunity to refresh their skills , to bring themselves fully up-to-date professionally and to focus on the implications of changes in the commercial and public sector environment for the benefit of their own organisation

Windowed environments , or the ‘ graphical user interface ’ of modern operating systems , give a natural platform for simultaneously displaying results and probing deeper into underlying relations .
windowed environments , or the ‘ graphical user interface ’ of modern [using] systems , give a natural platform for simultaneously displaying results and probing deeper into underlying relations .

The operating theatre is staffed by two surgeons from Sarajevo who work in two-week shifts .
the [using] theatre is staffed by two surgeons from sarajevo who work in two-week shifts .

It is likely to be converted into cash and is part of the operating cycle therefore a current asset .
it is likely to be converted into cash and is part of the [using] cycle therefore a current asset .

Although there is an intention to use these parts in the business they are essentially part of the operating cycle of the business and should be treated as current assets .
although there is an intention to use these parts in the business they are essentially part of the [using] cycle of the business and should be treated as current assets .

However , other firms operating similar machines have found that after the first three years it becomes increasingly more costly in terms of repairs and maintenance to keep machinery of this type productive .
however , other firms [using] similar machines have found that after the first three years it becomes increasingly more costly in terms of repairs and maintenance to keep machinery of this type productive .

Stage 3 Making Operating Decisions — Operating decisions are those that focus on the efficient use of resources available to the firm in the short term and will be embodied in plans , conventionally referred to as budgets .
stage 3 making [using] decisions — [using] decisions are those that focus on the efficient use of resources available to the firm in the short term and will be embodied in plans , conventionally referred to as budgets .

— much higher break even point , and therefore the proposal is riskier than previous operating level .
— much higher break even point , and therefore the proposal is riskier than previous [using] level .

It is likely that in manufacturing environments different production cost centres will have differing operating characteristics .
it is likely that in manufacturing environments different production cost centres will have differing [using] characteristics .

The budget in this context gives the management the opportunity to examine the overall effect of operating decisions .
the budget in this context gives the management the opportunity to examine the overall effect of [using] decisions .

For example , operating decisions regarding the range of products to be made and sold would normally be made prior to the completion of the functional and master budgets , but these decisions when considered as a whole within the budgeting framework may be reconsidered and amendments made to the range .
for example , [using] decisions regarding the range of products to be made and sold would normally be made prior to the completion of the functional and master budgets , but these decisions when considered as a whole within the budgeting framework may be reconsidered and amendments made to the range .

The estimated parenteral exposure rate for urology was 0 per 1000 operating hours by comparison with 13 per 1000 operating hours for gynaecology , plastic , or orthopaedic surgery .
the estimated parenteral exposure rate for urology was 0 per 1000 [using] hours by comparison with 13 per 1000 [using] hours for gynaecology , plastic , or orthopaedic surgery .

This includes operating systems , compilers , system libraries etc .
this includes [using] systems , compilers , system libraries etc .

The figure can be an estimate or a calculation based on the specification of the media unit ; it is used to balance the workload between units operating at different speeds .
the figure can be an estimate or a calculation based on the specification of the media unit ; it is used to balance the workload between units [using] at different speeds .

The guy operating the machine seemed a likely touch .
the guy [using] the machine seemed a likely touch .

‘ And what about you doing your Wyatt Earp act without calling any back-up ? Is that standard operating procedure ? ’
‘ and what about you doing your wyatt earp act without calling any back-up ? is that standard [using] procedure ? ’

Land transport to all parts was provided by seventeen carriers operating from the inns and by the railway which had reached Louth in 1848 .
land transport to all parts was provided by seventeen carriers [using] from the inns and by the railway which had reached louth in 1848 .

He returned in 1947 , resumed his position as foreman in the Flats area where he was in charge of around 100 people operating Pealts Spinning frames , Arunco & Boyd Twisters and associated reeling machinery .
he returned in 1947 , resumed his position as foreman in the flats area where he was in charge of around 100 people [using] pealts spinning frames , arunco & boyd twisters and associated reeling machinery .

In the space of a few days an apartment building is burned down by drug dealers who suspect a rival crack gang of operating in its basement .
in the space of a few days an apartment building is burned down by drug dealers who suspect a rival crack gang of [using] in its basement .

Three shifts are operating flat out to keep up with demand .
three shifts are [using] flat out to keep up with demand .

Operating margins have increased to 30 % or so , putting garbage up with pharmaceuticals in terms of profitability .
[using] margins have increased to 30 % or so , putting garbage up with pharmaceuticals in terms of profitability .

This makes control easier when looking down the microscope or when operating a computer keyboard for image analysis .
this makes control easier when looking down the microscope or when [using] a computer keyboard for image analysis .

Bernadette Quigley operating the new £60,000 tufting machine .
bernadette quigley [using] the new £60,000 tufting machine .

However , the determining factor in each case is the extent of the investor 's influence over the invested in the financial and operating policy decisions of a company .
however , the determining factor in each case is the extent of the investor 's influence over the invested in the financial and [using] policy decisions of a company .

For the purposes of consolidation , the accounts of foreign subsidiaries operating abroad have to be translated into terms of the domestic currency of the holding company .
for the purposes of consolidation , the accounts of foreign subsidiaries [using] abroad have to be translated into terms of the domestic currency of the holding company .

Internal auditors will review the accounting systems and related controls , examine the financial and operating information needed for management ( including detailed tests of transactions and balances ) , assess the efficiency and effectiveness of controls and review the implementation of corporate objectives .
internal auditors will review the accounting systems and related controls , examine the financial and [using] information needed for management ( including detailed tests of transactions and balances ) , assess the efficiency and effectiveness of controls and review the implementation of corporate objectives .

An urban regeneration scheme may possibly require some form of grant or other incentive financing to be viable , when capital and operating costs are taken into account .
an urban regeneration scheme may possibly require some form of grant or other incentive financing to be viable , when capital and [using] costs are taken into account .

The lender accepts that the surplus cash flow over operating costs will cover the cost of interest payments arising from a debt , or that the building or project itself has a realizable capital value .
the lender accepts that the surplus cash flow over [using] costs will cover the cost of interest payments arising from a debt , or that the building or project itself has a realizable capital value .

The two basic types of lease are the finance lease and the operating lease .
the two basic types of lease are the finance lease and the [using] lease .

For example , in urban regeneration the local authority 's objective may be job creation , the objective of central government may be the reduction of crime , the contractor 's objective may be profit from construction , the developer 's objective may be profit from selling on a let facility , and the operator 's objective may be operating profits .
for example , in urban regeneration the local authority 's objective may be job creation , the objective of central government may be the reduction of crime , the contractor 's objective may be profit from construction , the developer 's objective may be profit from selling on a let facility , and the operator 's objective may be [using] profits .

operating strategy
[using] strategy

The review of operating strategy will highlight operating skills required for success , sources of labour , fixed and variable cost characteristics , opportunities for improving viability by increasing revenues or reducing costs , programming of the total scheme and property strategy .
the review of [using] strategy will highlight [using] skills required for success , sources of labour , fixed and variable cost characteristics , opportunities for improving viability by increasing revenues or reducing costs , programming of the total scheme and property strategy .

Everything , but everything , you need : hardware , operating and applications software , dot matrix printer , even paper , cable and floppies .
everything , but everything , you need : hardware , [using] and applications software , dot matrix printer , even paper , cable and floppies .

According to a report in the Guardian of June 20 the attack was probably carried out in retaliation for the killing by security forces on June 18 of Mohammed Abdullah Bangroo , field commander of the Hizbul-Mujahidin , one of the largest guerrilla groups operating in Kashmir .
according to a report in the guardian of june 20 the attack was probably carried out in retaliation for the killing by security forces on june 18 of mohammed abdullah bangroo , field commander of the hizbul-mujahidin , one of the largest guerrilla groups [using] in kashmir .

The panic buying forced the Moscow city council on May 28 to announce a temporary ban on the sale of food and consumer goods in city shops to anyone unable to produce a Moscow residence permit ( such restrictions had already been operating for many weeks in Leningrad and a number of other cities ) .
the panic buying forced the moscow city council on may 28 to announce a temporary ban on the sale of food and consumer goods in city shops to anyone unable to produce a moscow residence permit ( such restrictions had already been [using] for many weeks in leningrad and a number of other cities ) .

The fund , which was expected to begin operating in 1991 and would be administered by Norges Bank , the central bank , would be used to reduce the dependency on the oil industry by means of foreign investment and investment in non-oil domestic industries .
the fund , which was expected to begin [using] in 1991 and would be administered by norges bank , the central bank , would be used to reduce the dependency on the oil industry by means of foreign investment and investment in non-oil domestic industries .

It paints a vivid picture of a society operating outside ( but not entirely above ) the law .
it paints a vivid picture of a society [using] outside ( but not entirely above ) the law .

Of the 1,274 joint ventures with foreign companies registered by the end of 1989 , only 184 were actually operating .
of the 1,274 joint ventures with foreign companies registered by the end of 1989 , only 184 were actually [using] .

Rescue teams were quickly reinforced by United States military units operating from bases in the Philippines , the future of which was under discussion between the two countries at the time of the disaster [ see p. 37458 ] .
rescue teams were quickly reinforced by united states military units [using] from bases in the philippines , the future of which was under discussion between the two countries at the time of the disaster [ see p. 37458 ] .

Clearly intended to curb the activities of nationalist guerrilla groups operating in the Transcaucasian and Central Asian republics ( particularly Armenia ) , the decree appeared designed for use equally to prevent militia units being formed in the Baltic republics as an alternative to the Soviet police and armed forces .
clearly intended to curb the activities of nationalist guerrilla groups [using] in the transcaucasian and central asian republics ( particularly armenia ) , the decree appeared designed for use equally to prevent militia units being formed in the baltic republics as an alternative to the soviet police and armed forces .

Armenian nationalist leaders warned that any attempt by troops to disarm the militias operating there might produce a bloodbath .
armenian nationalist leaders warned that any attempt by troops to disarm the militias [using] there might produce a bloodbath .

Among these were plans to eliminate the transport operating subsidies ( including those to Amtrak , the national passenger railway ) , and to cut by more than one third the programme to assist low-income families in meeting energy costs .
among these were plans to eliminate the transport [using] subsidies ( including those to amtrak , the national passenger railway ) , and to cut by more than one third the programme to assist low-income families in meeting energy costs .

Idriss Deby , having evaded capture after the failed coup , was by August 1989 the effective leader of the main military challenge to Habre , based on the Zaghawa people and operating in Darfur , an area straddling the border with Sudan .
idriss deby , having evaded capture after the failed coup , was by august 1989 the effective leader of the main military challenge to habre , based on the zaghawa people and [using] in darfur , an area straddling the border with sudan .

The Special Courts for Speedy Trial Ordinance 1990 promulgated by the President on Aug. 28 approved the creation of more courts operating at district level .
the special courts for speedy trial ordinance 1990 promulgated by the president on aug. 28 approved the creation of more courts [using] at district level .

In late August González had been granted extraordinary powers which gave him total control over central government , federal agency and state company finances and the administration of enterprises operating under the Public Works and Defence ministries .
in late august gonzález had been granted extraordinary powers which gave him total control over central government , federal agency and state company finances and the administration of enterprises [using] under the public works and defence ministries .

The ministers agreed four key points : ( i ) minimal restrictions would be placed on surveillance flights ; ( ii ) a quota system would be devised to ensure equitable surveillance of all signatory states ; ( iii ) unarmed aircraft would be used , carrying surveillance equipment capable of operating under all circumstances and weather ; and ( iv ) other countries , in particular the European neutral and non-aligned countries , would eventually be invited to participate in the project .
the ministers agreed four key points : ( i ) minimal restrictions would be placed on surveillance flights ; ( ii ) a quota system would be devised to ensure equitable surveillance of all signatory states ; ( iii ) unarmed aircraft would be used , carrying surveillance equipment capable of [using] under all circumstances and weather ; and ( iv ) other countries , in particular the european neutral and non-aligned countries , would eventually be invited to participate in the project .

If the secularist assumption is operating it becomes almost impossible .
if the secularist assumption is [using] it becomes almost impossible .

In June 1962 Robert McNamara spoke frankly of the difficulties created for the United States by `` limited nuclear capacities operating independently `` .
in june 1962 robert mcnamara spoke frankly of the difficulties created for the united states by `` limited nuclear capacities [using] independently `` .

The Angers annals then cast a little , albeit crucial , light on events in the Loire valley in the reign of Anthemius , but it is not clear whose side Childeric was operating on .
the angers annals then cast a little , albeit crucial , light on events in the loire valley in the reign of anthemius , but it is not clear whose side childeric was [using] on .

The objective of the Bank when operating in the money market is broadly to offset the cash flows between the Bank and the money markets and to leave the clearing banks within reach of their desired operational balances .
the objective of the bank when [using] in the money market is broadly to offset the cash flows between the bank and the money markets and to leave the clearing banks within reach of their desired operational balances .

Firms can diversify their activities by operating in several markets ( e.g .
firms can diversify their activities by [using] in several markets ( e.g .

Like all the best work by social anthropologists it has at its core the very detailed study of the network of relationships operating within a single very small-scale community .
like all the best work by social anthropologists it has at its core the very detailed study of the network of relationships [using] within a single very small-scale community .

public offers and the sale of securities ( and other investment products ) by regulating the issue and content of investment advertisements prepared or issued by those operating within and outside the self-regulating environment .
public offers and the sale of securities ( and other investment products ) by regulating the issue and content of investment advertisements prepared or issued by those [using] within and outside the self-regulating environment .

Establishing , operating or winding up a collective investment scheme , including acting as trustee of an authorised unit trust scheme .
establishing , [using] or winding up a collective investment scheme , including acting as trustee of an authorised unit trust scheme .

establishing , operating or acting as trustee of an authorised unit trust scheme or a recognised collective investment scheme .
establishing , [using] or acting as trustee of an authorised unit trust scheme or a recognised collective investment scheme .

It should be noted that these projections do not reflect any benefits that may accrue to the Group following a transfer of ownership and have been prepared under the assumption that the Group 's current operating conditions will apply over the whole period under review ’ .
it should be noted that these projections do not reflect any benefits that may accrue to the group following a transfer of ownership and have been prepared under the assumption that the group 's current [using] conditions will apply over the whole period under review ’ .

Operating results
[using] results

Exchange differences are taken into account in arriving at the operating result .
exchange differences are taken into account in arriving at the [using] result .

Exchange differences are taken into account in arriving at the operating result .
exchange differences are taken into account in arriving at the [using] result .

Further , we concur with the presentation of the non-financial information and represent that in our view it fairly describes the various operating business segments of the Group .
further , we concur with the presentation of the non-financial information and represent that in our view it fairly describes the various [using] business segments of the group .

It had been anticipated they would be operating mainly among the trees surrounding the estate , so the object was to go for maximum noise and shock effect while inflicting the least injuries possible .
it had been anticipated they would be [using] mainly among the trees surrounding the estate , so the object was to go for maximum noise and shock effect while inflicting the least injuries possible .

During the meeting , Grant had raised the possibility of the sect 's operating an armed outside patrol to circle the perimeter fence , in view of the large drugs shipment Sherman had seen on the night of his suicidal attack .
during the meeting , grant had raised the possibility of the sect 's [using] an armed outside patrol to circle the perimeter fence , in view of the large drugs shipment sherman had seen on the night of his suicidal attack .

Our principal approach is to examine in detail the records of scores of banks operating in the period .
our principal approach is to examine in detail the records of scores of banks [using] in the period .

It is proposed to investigate factors operating at the industry level as well as the aggregate economy insofar as the limitations of data permit .
it is proposed to investigate factors [using] at the industry level as well as the aggregate economy insofar as the limitations of data permit .

It is particularly aimed at examining the choices facing employers for recording employees ' time and attendance , the implications for all parties concerned with operating new systems and the directions future developments might take .
it is particularly aimed at examining the choices facing employers for recording employees ' time and attendance , the implications for all parties concerned with [using] new systems and the directions future developments might take .

The principal aim of this national survey of these small businesses is to provide previously unavailable data regarding the nature of their operating efficiency , staffing , and potential training needs , in order to identify strategies for improving performance .
the principal aim of this national survey of these small businesses is to provide previously unavailable data regarding the nature of their [using] efficiency , staffing , and potential training needs , in order to identify strategies for improving performance .

Recent changes affecting the bus industry have brought about far-reaching implications for their organisational arrangements and operating environments .
recent changes affecting the bus industry have brought about far-reaching implications for their organisational arrangements and [using] environments .

The two most frequently cited examples are the continuing gradual decline of bus patronage accompanied by increasing car use and the introduction of legislation to instil a more competitive , market orientated operating environment .
the two most frequently cited examples are the continuing gradual decline of bus patronage accompanied by increasing car use and the introduction of legislation to instil a more competitive , market orientated [using] environment .

Heysham Harbour , near Lancaster , will be the operating base from which the field will be supplied and maintained over its estimated 40 year life .
heysham harbour , near lancaster , will be the [using] base from which the field will be supplied and maintained over its estimated 40 year life .

An analysis is being made of the methodology and operating characteristics of Quality Circles to find out how and why they actually work .
an analysis is being made of the methodology and [using] characteristics of quality circles to find out how and why they actually work .

The object of the project is to ensure that this plan is founded on a thorough knowledge and understanding of local business development , and of the specific opportunities and constraints operating in Stirling .
the object of the project is to ensure that this plan is founded on a thorough knowledge and understanding of local business development , and of the specific opportunities and constraints [using] in stirling .

Most empirical research into the effects of controls proceeds on the basis that the decision is unexpected by those operating within the economic system .
most empirical research into the effects of controls proceeds on the basis that the decision is unexpected by those [using] within the economic system .

The purpose of this study is to examine , not the political acceptability , but the administrative and institutional feasibility of operating a combination of
the purpose of this study is to examine , not the political acceptability , but the administrative and institutional feasibility of [using] a combination of

Among the smaller firms supplying the larger ones , some may be operating independently and others as subcontractors .
among the smaller firms supplying the larger ones , some may be [using] independently and others as subcontractors .

An estimate of the total operating costs of the tax ( administrative plus compliance costs ) , and recommendations on how they may be reduced are being made .
an estimate of the total [using] costs of the tax ( administrative plus compliance costs ) , and recommendations on how they may be reduced are being made .

Recently there has been increasing recognition of the importance of tax operating costs , both administrative costs to the government and compliance costs to taxpayers and third parties .
recently there has been increasing recognition of the importance of tax [using] costs , both administrative costs to the government and compliance costs to taxpayers and third parties .

The main objectives of this research are to estimate the total costs of operating the tax system ; to estimate the benefits accruing to businesses as a result of the operation of the system ( particularly cash flow benefits ) ; to compare costs of operating the main taxes ; and to identify areas of high compliance costs with a view to their reduction .
the main objectives of this research are to estimate the total costs of [using] the tax system ; to estimate the benefits accruing to businesses as a result of the operation of the system ( particularly cash flow benefits ) ; to compare costs of [using] the main taxes ; and to identify areas of high compliance costs with a view to their reduction .

It is also feared that competitive operating practices may be adopted which are wasteful and unsafe .
it is also feared that competitive [using] practices may be adopted which are wasteful and unsafe .

The direct costs of the system fall into three categories : the costs of operating the system ; these are met by government and developers ( and households ) .
the direct costs of the system fall into three categories : the costs of [using] the system ; these are met by government and developers ( and households ) .

They propose to research the patterns of socialization operating within the evangelical-baptist culture and thereby to investigate the effect on educational achievement of the cluster of variables they expect to uncover as emphasis on bible study and abstention from aspects of secular culture .
they propose to research the patterns of socialization [using] within the evangelical-baptist culture and thereby to investigate the effect on educational achievement of the cluster of variables they expect to uncover as emphasis on bible study and abstention from aspects of secular culture .

For some years , Jaguar Cars Ltd. , have been operating self-teach Open Learning Centres using commercially available and internally produced computer-based and interactive video materials .
for some years , jaguar cars ltd. , have been [using] self-teach open learning centres using commercially available and internally produced computer-based and interactive video materials .

East Midlands Electricity today announced a major reorganisation of its core electricity business as it aims to save £10m annually in operating costs .
east midlands electricity today announced a major reorganisation of its core electricity business as it aims to save £10m annually in [using] costs .

Operating on a continuous , non-stop basis each night to rid skin of faults you do n't want to see , it is a unique enough to have a patent pending .
[using] on a continuous , non-stop basis each night to rid skin of faults you do n't want to see , it is a unique enough to have a patent pending .

In the last three years we have been operating a programme of capital grants designed to assist governing bodies and their area associations gain access to facilities suitable for the standard of competition immediately below national level and serving major areas of Scotland .
in the last three years we have been [using] a programme of capital grants designed to assist governing bodies and their area associations gain access to facilities suitable for the standard of competition immediately below national level and serving major areas of scotland .

The Arab-Israeli field is taken as an example of the manner in which environmental and marine resource management considerations are operating to force states otherwise driven by considerations of ideology and domestic politics into relationships of confrontation punctuated by overt violent conflict , into formalised relationships involving tacit if not overt cooperation .
the arab-israeli field is taken as an example of the manner in which environmental and marine resource management considerations are [using] to force states otherwise driven by considerations of ideology and domestic politics into relationships of confrontation punctuated by overt violent conflict , into formalised relationships involving tacit if not overt cooperation .

It was reported in The Times of 6th March 1975 that Mr Toffrey Reeves , a surveyor for the National House Owners Association , which is a cut-price conveyancing group operating in England , was ordered in the High Court on 5th March to pay £3,000 damages to a client for failing to detect structural defects in the house he bought .
it was reported in the times of 6th march 1975 that mr toffrey reeves , a surveyor for the national house owners association , which is a cut-price conveyancing group [using] in england , was ordered in the high court on 5th march to pay £3,000 damages to a client for failing to detect structural defects in the house he bought .

Reactions have varied — some were in favour of operating such a scheme , while others either doubted its feasibility or were unable to participate .
reactions have varied — some were in favour of [using] such a scheme , while others either doubted its feasibility or were unable to participate .

Neil Cooke , operating effectively behind the central midfield position , fired Instonians into a sixth minute lead from his side 's third corner .
neil cooke , [using] effectively behind the central midfield position , fired instonians into a sixth minute lead from his side 's third corner .

Funding Silotank has been operating since last year , but was officially opened yesterday at a reception attended by representatives of the organisations which have supplied funding for the venture .
funding silotank has been [using] since last year , but was officially opened yesterday at a reception attended by representatives of the organisations which have supplied funding for the venture .

He delivered a stern warning to those whom , he claimed , were ‘ operating a different agenda ’ that action would be taken against them if they persisted .
he delivered a stern warning to those whom , he claimed , were ‘ [using] a different agenda ’ that action would be taken against them if they persisted .

Pre-tax profits jumped to £221.5m in 1992 from £186m the previous year with Steetley contributing about £50m to operating profit .
pre-tax profits jumped to £221.5m in 1992 from £186m the previous year with steetley contributing about £50m to [using] profit .

In Europe the company operating the Astra satellite will use digital compression technology to offer a 180 channels per home option .
in europe the company [using] the astra satellite will use digital compression technology to offer a 180 channels per home option .

It means that waste management controls will be brought into line with environmental protection laws already operating in Great Britain .
it means that waste management controls will be brought into line with environmental protection laws already [using] in great britain .

By 1988 it became apparent that the lack of scientific software for the Altos system , together with the expenses which would have been necessary to upgrade the operating system and install new communication facilities , necessitated a through review of our computing activities , and a strategic assessment of the Garden 's computing requirements .
by 1988 it became apparent that the lack of scientific software for the altos system , together with the expenses which would have been necessary to upgrade the [using] system and install new communication facilities , necessitated a through review of our computing activities , and a strategic assessment of the garden 's computing requirements .

Operating systems and upgrades policies .
[using] systems and upgrades policies .

The operating systems used on these PCs should continue to be DOS-based , with Windows where applications demand it .
the [using] systems used on these pcs should continue to be dos-based , with windows where applications demand it .

We must ensure that we are operating in full compliance with the legal requirements of our software licenses .
we must ensure that we are [using] in full compliance with the legal requirements of our software licenses .

Operating System .
[using] system .

An operating system sometimes found in multi-user minicomputers .
an [using] system sometimes found in multi-user minicomputers .

Operating systems were previously written for three different hardware environments — mainframes , minis , and PCs .
[using] systems were previously written for three different hardware environments — mainframes , minis , and pcs .

This is to certify that … has successfully completed an advanced training course in the following subjects : Information Management , Plant Information Systems , Database Design and Construction , Word Processing , and Personal Computer Operating Systems ; and that he has demonstrated his abilities in these subjects by constructing a database of the Economically Useful Plants of India .
this is to certify that … has successfully completed an advanced training course in the following subjects : information management , plant information systems , database design and construction , word processing , and personal computer [using] systems ; and that he has demonstrated his abilities in these subjects by constructing a database of the economically useful plants of india .

Authors whose surnames begin with Mac , or Mc , were dealt with in different ways under differing editorial policies operating at different times .
authors whose surnames begin with mac , or mc , were dealt with in different ways under differing editorial policies [using] at different times .

The reasons could perhaps only be determined by interview , as supervisor pressure may well be the factor operating here .
the reasons could perhaps only be determined by interview , as supervisor pressure may well be the factor [using] here .

Since the total phase resistance is 20 ohms : Freewheeling resistance = 20 ohms The power rating of this freewheeling resistance depends on the operating speed of the motor .
since the total phase resistance is 20 ohms : freewheeling resistance = 20 ohms the power rating of this freewheeling resistance depends on the [using] speed of the motor .

The shape of the static torque/rotor position characteristic depends on the dimensions of the stator and rotor teeth , as well as the operating current .
the shape of the static torque/rotor position characteristic depends on the dimensions of the stator and rotor teeth , as well as the [using] current .

The necessary information is supplied in the form of a graph known as the pull-out torque/speed characteristic — showing the maximum torque which the motor can develop at each operating speed .
the necessary information is supplied in the form of a graph known as the pull-out torque/speed characteristic — showing the maximum torque which the motor can develop at each [using] speed .

There is a relationship between the motor/drive parameters , operating speed and pull-out torque , but discussion of this topic is reserved for Chapter 5 .
there is a relationship between the motor/drive parameters , [using] speed and pull-out torque , but discussion of this topic is reserved for chapter 5 .

At a low operating speed the phase current waveforms for a stepping motor are almost rectangular .
at a low [using] speed the phase current waveforms for a stepping motor are almost rectangular .

4.1 shows a reduction in pull-out torque from its maximum ( 0.6 Nm at 60 steps per second ) as the operating speed decreases .
4.1 shows a reduction in pull-out torque from its maximum ( 0.6 nm at 60 steps per second ) as the [using] speed decreases .

The operating speed of the teletype is limited by the time taken for the system to settle to within the required accuracy at each letter position .
the [using] speed of the teletype is limited by the time taken for the system to settle to within the required accuracy at each letter position .

When a motor is operating at the highest speeds the current in each phase may not even reach its rated value before the excitation interval finishes and the phase is turned off .
when a motor is [using] at the highest speeds the current in each phase may not even reach its rated value before the excitation interval finishes and the phase is turned off .

At the lowest operating speeds [ Fig.s .2 ( a ) ] the current waveforms are nearly rectangular , the build-up of current to the rated level occupies a minor portion of the excitation time and the methods of Chapter 4 can be used to calculate the pull-out torque .
at the lowest [using] speeds [ fig.s .2 ( a ) ] the current waveforms are nearly rectangular , the build-up of current to the rated level occupies a minor portion of the excitation time and the methods of chapter 4 can be used to calculate the pull-out torque .

At very high operating speeds the voltage induced in the phase windings by the rotor motion must also be considered .
at very high [using] speeds the voltage induced in the phase windings by the rotor motion must also be considered .

When operating at low speed the freewheeling time of the phase currents is short compared to the total excitation time and for most of the cycle the phase current is carried by the switching transistors .
when [using] at low speed the freewheeling time of the phase currents is short compared to the total excitation time and for most of the cycle the phase current is carried by the switching transistors .

The operating speed range of both hybrid and variable-reluctance stepping motors is proportional to the phase resistance [ Eqns .
the [using] speed range of both hybrid and variable-reluctance stepping motors is proportional to the phase resistance [ eqns .

If the maximum operating speed of the system is to approach the pull-out rate then between 20 and 50 delays might be required and the techniques would not be cost-effective .
if the maximum [using] speed of the system is to approach the pull-out rate then between 20 and 50 delays might be required and the techniques would not be cost-effective .

In general the use of hardware timing is restricted to applications requiring a modest increase in the operating speed above the normal starting/stopping rate .
in general the use of hardware timing is restricted to applications requiring a modest increase in the [using] speed above the normal starting/stopping rate .

Faster operating speeds can be obtained with a higher clock frequency and more stages of pulse deletion .
faster [using] speeds can be obtained with a higher clock frequency and more stages of pulse deletion .

The motor eventually reaches a maximum operating speed , which , as in the open-loop case , is dictated by the motor and load torque/speed characteristics , and continues to run at this speed until the target position is approached .
the motor eventually reaches a maximum [using] speed , which , as in the open-loop case , is dictated by the motor and load torque/speed characteristics , and continues to run at this speed until the target position is approached .

At low operating speeds the optimum detected position can be deduced from the static torque/rotor position characteristic for the excitation scheme being employed .
at low [using] speeds the optimum detected position can be deduced from the static torque/rotor position characteristic for the excitation scheme being employed .

The relationship between pull-out torque and operating speed has been examined in Chapter 5 and some of the results from that analysis can be applied to the closed-loop control problem .
the relationship between pull-out torque and [using] speed has been examined in chapter 5 and some of the results from that analysis can be applied to the closed-loop control problem .

If the switching angle is not optimised at any operating speed then the motor torque is less than the pull-out torque .
if the switching angle is not optimised at any [using] speed then the motor torque is less than the pull-out torque .

( 5.13 ) gives the torque produced by a hybrid motor when operating at any supply frequency and load angle .
( 5.13 ) gives the torque produced by a hybrid motor when [using] at any supply frequency and load angle .

This argument is reversed when the load has to move a large distance , because a high operating speed is then required .
this argument is reversed when the load has to move a large distance , because a high [using] speed is then required .

The time taken to reach the highest speed is small compared to the time spent operating at this speed , so a large switching angle is chosen .
the time taken to reach the highest speed is small compared to the time spent [using] at this speed , so a large switching angle is chosen .

If the motor is operating as part of a position control system the Pull.out torque must be Produced at all speeds ; any surplus of motor torque over load torque accelerates the system to a higher speed and thereby reduces the positioning time .
if the motor is [using] as part of a position control system the pull.out torque must be produced at all speeds ; any surplus of motor torque over load torque accelerates the system to a higher speed and thereby reduces the positioning time .

When the reliability of the two control methods are compared , closed-loop control begins to look very attractive , because it eliminates many of the problems associated with open-loop control ( mechanical resonance , intolerance of load changes ) . It is ironic that the expensive.incremental optical encoder — often cited as the reason for avoiding closed-loop — is being used by some designers to check that open-loop systems are operating correctly !
when the reliability of the two control methods are compared , closed-loop control begins to look very attractive , because it eliminates many of the problems associated with open-loop control ( mechanical resonance , intolerance of load changes ) . it is ironic that the expensive.incremental optical encoder — often cited as the reason for avoiding closed-loop — is being used by some designers to check that open-loop systems are [using] correctly !

With a hardware.intensive approach this level of control sophistication is not usually available and the control circuit generates an approximation to the optimal operating condition , e.g .
with a hardware.intensive approach this level of control sophistication is not usually available and the control circuit generates an approximation to the optimal [using] condition , e.g .

Finally the operating speeds of the motor and microprocessor must be reconciled .
finally the [using] speeds of the motor and microprocessor must be reconciled .

If the software.intensive approach is used to implement more sophisticated control schemes the motor 's stepping rate is limited by the processor operating speed .
if the software.intensive approach is used to implement more sophisticated control schemes the motor 's stepping rate is limited by the processor [using] speed .

One advantage of this system over the software-intensive approach is immediately apparent : the voltage-controlled oscillator 's [ put is continuously variable , so the maximum operating speed of the motor is no longer restricted by its ability to `` jump `` between discrete stepping rates .
one advantage of this system over the software-intensive approach is immediately apparent : the voltage-controlled oscillator 's [ put is continuously variable , so the maximum [using] speed of the motor is no longer restricted by its ability to `` jump `` between discrete stepping rates .

However the operating speeds of current microprocessors would limit the useful speed range of any such system ; at motor speeds of 10000 steps per second , for example , the step interval is 100 us and in this time around 70 instruction cycles could be executed , hardly sufficient for reliable analysis of the waveform data .
however the [using] speeds of current microprocessors would limit the useful speed range of any such system ; at motor speeds of 10000 steps per second , for example , the step interval is 100 us and in this time around 70 instruction cycles could be executed , hardly sufficient for reliable analysis of the waveform data .

The biographical sources for this period are neither detailed nor accurate enough to allow a close analysis of the degree to which the system had become elaborated in the first half of the sixteenth century , but the broader outlines may certainly be perceived and seem to confirm that something like the provisions of the Kanunname were operating by the early years of that century .
the biographical sources for this period are neither detailed nor accurate enough to allow a close analysis of the degree to which the system had become elaborated in the first half of the sixteenth century , but the broader outlines may certainly be perceived and seem to confirm that something like the provisions of the kanunname were [using] by the early years of that century .

The `` posts `` system is now operating satisfactorily .
the `` posts `` system is now [using] satisfactorily .

Staff in other personnel sections at Head Office have also been instructed in operating computer terminals to access and update their specific data base files and , within limits , to process information .
staff in other personnel sections at head office have also been instructed in [using] computer terminals to access and update their specific data base files and , within limits , to process information .

This meant much detailed work , such as keeping track of the relative sizes of the workforces and payrolls of each operating company , the ratios of hourly , weekly and monthly employees , and frequent monitoring of the way these and other factors were changing .
this meant much detailed work , such as keeping track of the relative sizes of the workforces and payrolls of each [using] company , the ratios of hourly , weekly and monthly employees , and frequent monitoring of the way these and other factors were changing .

They allow data structures to be set up easily and then to be changed as experience is gained in operating the system .
they allow data structures to be set up easily and then to be changed as experience is gained in [using] the system .

‘ An Englishman named Woodhouse introduced winemaking to the town in 1773 , and his firm is still operating from the same premises . Would you like a bottle to take back with you ? ’
‘ an englishman named woodhouse introduced winemaking to the town in 1773 , and his firm is still [using] from the same premises . would you like a bottle to take back with you ? ’

Japanese banks operating in London accounted for 28.5 % of total lending from London in 1991 , American banks 15 % , and other banks 40.7 % .
japanese banks [using] in london accounted for 28.5 % of total lending from london in 1991 , american banks 15 % , and other banks 40.7 % .

Members of the Stock Exchange had always been individuals operating in partnerships .
members of the stock exchange had always been individuals [using] in partnerships .

Dope was n't , but the drug legal advice service ‘ Release ’ which concerned itself with the increasing number of busts — and junkies — began operating in West London .
dope was n't , but the drug legal advice service ‘ release ’ which concerned itself with the increasing number of busts — and junkies — began [using] in west london .

She had also started working for Agitprop , a loosely based collective operating off the Euston Road and concerned with posters , street theatre , action .
she had also started working for agitprop , a loosely based collective [using] off the euston road and concerned with posters , street theatre , action .

In August 1968 Elliott-Harris Publications , operating out of Elliott 's flat , had produced the first edition .
in august 1968 elliott-harris publications , [using] out of elliott 's flat , had produced the first edition .

At work you are told to do tasks that are not part of your job , including operating machinery which you believe to be dangerous . Or :
at work you are told to do tasks that are not part of your job , including [using] machinery which you believe to be dangerous . or :

The remaining services will form a Services Division operating for 1994/5 only .
the remaining services will form a services division [using] for 1994/5 only .

Unfortunately there seems to be no substitute for actually installing Windows on a hardware and operating system platform to find out how it 's really going to behave ! The boffins behind Double Glazing are devising some simple to execute routines that will test the compatibility of your mix of hardware and software .
unfortunately there seems to be no substitute for actually installing windows on a hardware and [using] system platform to find out how it 's really going to behave ! the boffins behind double glazing are devising some simple to execute routines that will test the compatibility of your mix of hardware and software .

While working the FAXgrabber icon appears at the bottom of the screen and little bracket symbols move from side to side underneath it to tell you that it is operating .
while working the faxgrabber icon appears at the bottom of the screen and little bracket symbols move from side to side underneath it to tell you that it is [using] .

The major drawback of Windows as an operating environment is its heavy power and memory requirements .
the major drawback of windows as an [using] environment is its heavy power and memory requirements .

If this equipment is a computer , the spikes may inject spurious ‘ data ’ directly into the files without a word of warning from the software or the operating system .
if this equipment is a computer , the spikes may inject spurious ‘ data ’ directly into the files without a word of warning from the software or the [using] system .

Fonts under windows 3.00 varied in quality as size changed so Microsoft put this to rights in the latest version of there graphical operating system .
fonts under windows 3.00 varied in quality as size changed so microsoft put this to rights in the latest version of there graphical [using] system .

Operating Time : 2.5 hours
[using] time : 2.5 hours

We also bought Marioff Nortest at the beginning of this year , allowing the Group to establish its first operating base in Norway .
we also bought marioff nortest at the beginning of this year , allowing the group to establish its first [using] base in norway .

Enterprise Engineering made a small operating profit , but did not meet expectations due to a reduced level of work from its major oil industry customers .
enterprise engineering made a small [using] profit , but did not meet expectations due to a reduced level of work from its major oil industry customers .

We also measure the index based on incidents causing a loss of more than three days , which is the index used by most operating oil companies as the measure of industrial health and safety performance .
we also measure the index based on incidents causing a loss of more than three days , which is the index used by most [using] oil companies as the measure of industrial health and safety performance .

reduced operating costs ;
reduced [using] costs ;

About one person in two can expect to find themselves on an operating table at some time in their lives .
about one person in two can expect to find themselves on an [using] table at some time in their lives .

But in an average week , an Ear , Nose and Throat surgeon , for example , can expect to spend 30 hours actually in an operating theatre , bent over his patient .
but in an average week , an ear , nose and throat surgeon , for example , can expect to spend 30 hours actually in an [using] theatre , bent over his patient .

Anna Pilcher , Trainee Designer , operating the newly installed Design Computer .
anna pilcher , trainee designer , [using] the newly installed design computer .

Finishing Assistant Darren Evans operating a Double-Head Finishing Shearer .
finishing assistant darren evans [using] a double-head finishing shearer .

The export department of Stoddard Carpets has been operating successfully for 26 years .
the export department of stoddard carpets has been [using] successfully for 26 years .

In addition to these agents , we have our own wholly owned subsidiary in Sweden , Stoddard Mattor , Stockholm , managed by Anders Falkman and his Sales Manager , Thomas Nilsonne — a successful company operating exclusively in the hotel and contract sector .
in addition to these agents , we have our own wholly owned subsidiary in sweden , stoddard mattor , stockholm , managed by anders falkman and his sales manager , thomas nilsonne — a successful company [using] exclusively in the hotel and contract sector .

‘ One German in particular , a Major Kuntz , actually remembered me operating from my Bofors Gun position all those years ago ’ .
‘ one german in particular , a major kuntz , actually remembered me [using] from my bofors gun position all those years ago ’ .

It has been another successful season for the two golf clubs operating within Stoddard .
it has been another successful season for the two golf clubs [using] within stoddard .

Both Landsats 4 and 5 are still operational in late 1989 , though Landsat 4 is operating on reduced power .
both landsats 4 and 5 are still operational in late 1989 , though landsat 4 is [using] on reduced power .

Management was strengthened , operating costs were contained and production performed well in both cashmere processing and woolcombing .
management was strengthened , [using] costs were contained and production performed well in both cashmere processing and woolcombing .

This resulted in disappointed customers , poor operating efficiencies and a loss .
this resulted in disappointed customers , poor [using] efficiencies and a loss .

Operating profit was £37.2 million compared with £35.7 million in the previous year .
[using] profit was £37.2 million compared with £35.7 million in the previous year .

Rental payments made under operating leases are charged to profit and loss account in the period to which they relate .
rental payments made under [using] leases are charged to profit and loss account in the period to which they relate .

It was not merely insurance costs that were rising , but operating costs of all kinds , notably crew wages .
it was not merely insurance costs that were rising , but [using] costs of all kinds , notably crew wages .

Despite all the precautions taken by owners and crews , some vessels operating in or to the Gulf had exceptionally bad luck .
despite all the precautions taken by owners and crews , some vessels [using] in or to the gulf had exceptionally bad luck .

As the war proceeded , however , several started operating by night and with all the lights blacked out .
as the war proceeded , however , several started [using] by night and with all the lights blacked out .

‘ Whether the birthing chamber is a hospital operating room or our own bedroom , most of us enter without any previous experience or images to guide us .
‘ whether the birthing chamber is a hospital [using] room or our own bedroom , most of us enter without any previous experience or images to guide us .

New management in Papua New Guinea cut down administration , reduced operating costs and achieved a welcome rise in profits .
new management in papua new guinea cut down administration , reduced [using] costs and achieved a welcome rise in profits .

Operating profit was well ahead of budget and on a like with like basis ( after excluding the two food ingredients businesses sold in 1992 ) was 80 per cent higher than 1991 .
[using] profit was well ahead of budget and on a like with like basis ( after excluding the two food ingredients businesses sold in 1992 ) was 80 per cent higher than 1991 .

has appointed public relations company to work with all operating companies in the Food Group .
has appointed public relations company to work with all [using] companies in the food group .

In the last two months , our budgeted sales of cattle feed have been much harder to achieve but these are conditions under which we are used to operating .
in the last two months , our budgeted sales of cattle feed have been much harder to achieve but these are conditions under which we are used to [using] .

The operating surplus for the year was still healthy at £601,000 , following £720,000 the previous year .
the [using] surplus for the year was still healthy at £601,000 , following £720,000 the previous year .

If the Institute had been a private company preparing for flotation at the end of 1992 , then its operating surplus of over £600,000 on a turnover of above £8m would have made it a very attractive investment .
if the institute had been a private company preparing for flotation at the end of 1992 , then its [using] surplus of over £600,000 on a turnover of above £8m would have made it a very attractive investment .

At the end of the year , the surplus added to the general reserve was £325,000 , meaning that our liquid reserves total just over £2m — equivalent to three months ' operating costs .
at the end of the year , the surplus added to the general reserve was £325,000 , meaning that our liquid reserves total just over £2m — equivalent to three months ' [using] costs .

‘ But along with change is a commitment to the values that have kept us operating successfully as a group for over 200 years — service , quality , innovation — all these things and more .
‘ but along with change is a commitment to the values that have kept us [using] successfully as a group for over 200 years — service , quality , innovation — all these things and more .

Again Cornerville man or the taxi dancer are operating within capitalist , patriarchal and , frequently , racist societies .
again cornerville man or the taxi dancer are [using] within capitalist , patriarchal and , frequently , racist societies .

Dunbar , amongst current researchers operating from a broadly Darwinian perspective , offers salutary ( and , for ardent sociobiologists , perhaps the most disheartening ) advice :
dunbar , amongst current researchers [using] from a broadly darwinian perspective , offers salutary ( and , for ardent sociobiologists , perhaps the most disheartening ) advice :

High levels of spatial mobility are involved as he is regularly posted to regions where the multinational is operating .
high levels of spatial mobility are involved as he is regularly posted to regions where the multinational is [using] .

They suggest that ‘ modern ’ aesthetics and culture were associated with mass production , with state bureaucracies treating individuals as standard products , and with a form of capitalism not yet fully operating at a global scale .
they suggest that ‘ modern ’ aesthetics and culture were associated with mass production , with state bureaucracies treating individuals as standard products , and with a form of capitalism not yet fully [using] at a global scale .

So Weberian theory has slowly shifted its concerns away from bureaucrats to a related interest in the tendency for state officials to be operating in a corporatist manner : mediating between warring groups in the ‘ national interest ’ .
so weberian theory has slowly shifted its concerns away from bureaucrats to a related interest in the tendency for state officials to be [using] in a corporatist manner : mediating between warring groups in the ‘ national interest ’ .

The dominant theme in this perspective , one which we can pick up and develop with our particular perspective , is that of the state as a great power container , operating in a general or national interest but at the same time regulating people 's everyday lives .
the dominant theme in this perspective , one which we can pick up and develop with our particular perspective , is that of the state as a great power container , [using] in a general or national interest but at the same time regulating people 's everyday lives .

These are discussed in Section 2.2 , along with a look at the universe in which the business is operating .
these are discussed in section 2.2 , along with a look at the universe in which the business is [using] .

Of course data processing staff should also be aware of the various operating areas of the business .
of course data processing staff should also be aware of the various [using] areas of the business .

Even a cursory glance at the operating economy of the early eighteenth century suggests that the supply and efficiency of transport services were the most widespread and basic limitations on its growth , for it is on that sector that both the supply of raw materials and the size of the market depend .
even a cursory glance at the [using] economy of the early eighteenth century suggests that the supply and efficiency of transport services were the most widespread and basic limitations on its growth , for it is on that sector that both the supply of raw materials and the size of the market depend .

As an operating system the canals never became a large-scale employer like the railway companies , whose `` servants `` as well as engineers and trackmen on the `` permanent way `` included the new `` uniformed working class `` .
as an [using] system the canals never became a large-scale employer like the railway companies , whose `` servants `` as well as engineers and trackmen on the `` permanent way `` included the new `` uniformed working class `` .

While a canal was being built , ownership tended to remain with `` interested `` locals , and indeed , with operating profits as yet ungenerated , recourse was frequently had to local banks for short-term working capital — the Kennet and Avon had an overdraft of £60,000 in 1815 .
while a canal was being built , ownership tended to remain with `` interested `` locals , and indeed , with [using] profits as yet ungenerated , recourse was frequently had to local banks for short-term working capital — the kennet and avon had an overdraft of £60,000 in 1815 .

Thus the forces operating to maintain and even continue expanding the home market were multi-directional , in that market dependency can increase irrespective of income levels .
thus the forces [using] to maintain and even continue expanding the home market were multi-directional , in that market dependency can increase irrespective of income levels .

The greater the complexity of systems , the more danger of something going wrong , and the less chance individual will has of operating on the systems for good .
the greater the complexity of systems , the more danger of something going wrong , and the less chance individual will has of [using] on the systems for good .

Operating Instructions
[using] instructions

Sets up the operating environment .
sets up the [using] environment .

The price system , operating through competitive free markets , will no longer equate the marginal benefits of taxed commodities with their marginal cost .
the price system , [using] through competitive free markets , will no longer equate the marginal benefits of taxed commodities with their marginal cost .

This significant increase in industrial concentration through merger activity would not have been possible if the government had been operating a tough anti-merger policy .
this significant increase in industrial concentration through merger activity would not have been possible if the government had been [using] a tough anti-merger policy .

Using the stock concept , at a point in time an investment project is profitable if the present value of net operating benefits the stream of future operating profits discounted at the interest rate at which firms must borrow funds — exceeds the initial purchase price of the new capital good .
using the stock concept , at a point in time an investment project is profitable if the present value of net [using] benefits the stream of future [using] profits discounted at the interest rate at which firms must borrow funds — exceeds the initial purchase price of the new capital good .

Whereas a private firm would simply use market prices to determine the stream of private operating costs and benefits , and hence the stream of future profits , to which the new investment gives rise , society will wish to value the social marginal costs and benefits of future output .
whereas a private firm would simply use market prices to determine the stream of private [using] costs and benefits , and hence the stream of future profits , to which the new investment gives rise , society will wish to value the social marginal costs and benefits of future output .

Investment should increase capacity up to the point at which the once-and-for-all cost of a new plant equals the present value of operating profits when the efficient pricing structure is in operation .
investment should increase capacity up to the point at which the once-and-for-all cost of a new plant equals the present value of [using] profits when the efficient pricing structure is in operation .

In addition , there were energy charges intended to cover short-run marginal costs of operating the plant .
in addition , there were energy charges intended to cover short-run marginal costs of [using] the plant .

In the operating theatre , a tall and ancient nurse jabs me twice to find the vein in the back of my hand .
in the [using] theatre , a tall and ancient nurse jabs me twice to find the vein in the back of my hand .

My husband has not paid the community charge which has been operating in Scotland for a year .
my husband has not paid the community charge which has been [using] in scotland for a year .

One of the first decisions taken by the revolutionary government was to create multi-disciplinary mental-health teams operating in the community .
one of the first decisions taken by the revolutionary government was to create multi-disciplinary mental-health teams [using] in the community .

working in operating theatres
working in [using] theatres

Operating alternating weekly rotas the villagers laid over two miles of cable from the power source to their houses .
[using] alternating weekly rotas the villagers laid over two miles of cable from the power source to their houses .

Tai Solarin , an outspoken critic of the Government who has been appointed the Bank 's Chairperson , is happy that ‘ the Government has realized that structures operating in the country have not served the purpose of the ordinary people ’ .
tai solarin , an outspoken critic of the government who has been appointed the bank 's chairperson , is happy that ‘ the government has realized that structures [using] in the country have not served the purpose of the ordinary people ’ .

He is concerned about its merits , but , perhaps more important in the context of his constituents ' practice , he is concerned about whether they knew that the limitation on the payments due existed within the scheme that we were operating .
he is concerned about its merits , but , perhaps more important in the context of his constituents ' practice , he is concerned about whether they knew that the limitation on the payments due existed within the scheme that we were [using] .

Was it the Labour party , operating behind the scenes ? Was it the National Union of Mineworkers , under its renowned leader ? Were those achievements the result of efforts by Labour Members ? Of course not ; they are the tangible evidence of a Government 's full commitment to one of the country 's major industries .
was it the labour party , [using] behind the scenes ? was it the national union of mineworkers , under its renowned leader ? were those achievements the result of efforts by labour members ? of course not ; they are the tangible evidence of a government 's full commitment to one of the country 's major industries .

We are now operating pilot schemes in five different places , allowing owners of empty property which we wish to be returned to productive use to let that property to homeless families , using a housing association as an intermediary or managing agent .
we are now [using] pilot schemes in five different places , allowing owners of empty property which we wish to be returned to productive use to let that property to homeless families , using a housing association as an intermediary or managing agent .

However , it represents a number of practical operating difficulties , mainly because the process converts material rather than destroys it .
however , it represents a number of practical [using] difficulties , mainly because the process converts material rather than destroys it .

It is at times suggested that the security forces are operating under a series of shackles , which it is sometimes suggested are of a political nature .
it is at times suggested that the security forces are [using] under a series of shackles , which it is sometimes suggested are of a political nature .

That is how he may see himself operating as Home Secretary and Lord Chancellor , but it is not how this Government 's Home Secretary and Lord Chancellor operate .
that is how he may see himself [using] as home secretary and lord chancellor , but it is not how this government 's home secretary and lord chancellor operate .

North sea operators are given dispensations , not only when there are equivalent or higher alternative arrangements in place but in some cases when it is well known to the authorities that the platforms are operating at a level that would not be allowed if they were completely new platforms .
north sea operators are given dispensations , not only when there are equivalent or higher alternative arrangements in place but in some cases when it is well known to the authorities that the platforms are [using] at a level that would not be allowed if they were completely new platforms .

Is my hon. Friend aware that she has just scored a marvellous bull 's eye ? Does she agree that the Trafford figures show a dramatic fall in waiting lists and that that is a tribute to the efficient way in which the health authority has managed its operating theatres ? Does not it also prove , as my hon. Friend the Member for Davyhulme ( Mr. Churchill ) said , that the Conservative Government are spending more on the health service and does not it nail the falsehoods repeatedly advanced by the Opposition ? We have to go back a little way to remember that in 1976 they presided over the most savage cuts ever imposed on the national health service .
is my hon. friend aware that she has just scored a marvellous bull 's eye ? does she agree that the trafford figures show a dramatic fall in waiting lists and that that is a tribute to the efficient way in which the health authority has managed its [using] theatres ? does not it also prove , as my hon. friend the member for davyhulme ( mr. churchill ) said , that the conservative government are spending more on the health service and does not it nail the falsehoods repeatedly advanced by the opposition ? we have to go back a little way to remember that in 1976 they presided over the most savage cuts ever imposed on the national health service .

It includes a new out-patient department , four operating theatres , a hydrotherapy pool , a new pharmacy , improved sterilisation facilities and three new wards .
it includes a new out-patient department , four [using] theatres , a hydrotherapy pool , a new pharmacy , improved sterilisation facilities and three new wards .

Across the 97 local education authorities operating local management of schools , the average amount of the potential schools budget retained centrally is £260 per pupil .
across the 97 local education authorities [using] local management of schools , the average amount of the potential schools budget retained centrally is £260 per pupil .

With regard to the incident this morning , we do not know at this stage whether the injured man was operating a taxi or not .
with regard to the incident this morning , we do not know at this stage whether the injured man was [using] a taxi or not .

To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will give the total estimated annual operating costs of Trident for the first five years of operation .
to ask the secretary of state for defence if he will give the total estimated annual [using] costs of trident for the first five years of operation .

British ambassadors are now operating in all three Baltic capitals .
british ambassadors are now [using] in all three baltic capitals .

Has the British embassy in Germany made it clear to the German authorities how deeply shocking and despicable have been the racist attacks by Nazi thugs there ? Is the Minister aware that it is extremely unfortunate that once again Labour Members of Parliament in the House of Commons have to protest against racism , Nazi hooliganism and Nazi thugs operating on German soil ? We do not require lectures from Germany about federalism and union and so on ; we require Germany to put its own house in order .
has the british embassy in germany made it clear to the german authorities how deeply shocking and despicable have been the racist attacks by nazi thugs there ? is the minister aware that it is extremely unfortunate that once again labour members of parliament in the house of commons have to protest against racism , nazi hooliganism and nazi thugs [using] on german soil ? we do not require lectures from germany about federalism and union and so on ; we require germany to put its own house in order .

, and its operating profits are up by 50 per cent .
, and its [using] profits are up by 50 per cent .

Does the Secretary of State agree with Duncan McNeill , whom he appointed to promote his hospital trusts , that trust status provides an alternative to operating and remaining within the mainstream national health service ? Does he realise that for patients throughout Scotland , including those in the Edinburgh royal infirmary and the Royal hospital for sick children , that is a chilling message ?
does the secretary of state agree with duncan mcneill , whom he appointed to promote his hospital trusts , that trust status provides an alternative to [using] and remaining within the mainstream national health service ? does he realise that for patients throughout scotland , including those in the edinburgh royal infirmary and the royal hospital for sick children , that is a chilling message ?

When Mr. Millan was Secretary of State he was punctilious in operating a system that he now condemns .
when mr. millan was secretary of state he was punctilious in [using] a system that he now condemns .

Is the hon. Gentleman aware that , for most of last year , only four of the seven beds in the Sunderland intensive care unit were operating , that five are now operating , although there is a staff shortage , and that the future of the fifth bed is not clear ? Is he aware also that during that time scale many seriously ill patients had to be turned away and had to go to other hospitals and that patients using the unit had to be taken out of it prematurely so that others more seriously ill could take their place ? How does that square with the repeated claim that the national health service is safe in Tory hands ?
is the hon. gentleman aware that , for most of last year , only four of the seven beds in the sunderland intensive care unit were [using] , that five are now [using] , although there is a staff shortage , and that the future of the fifth bed is not clear ? is he aware also that during that time scale many seriously ill patients had to be turned away and had to go to other hospitals and that patients using the unit had to be taken out of it prematurely so that others more seriously ill could take their place ? how does that square with the repeated claim that the national health service is safe in tory hands ?

In one of our coldest winters for the past 20 years , the system has been operating successfully and flexibly .
in one of our coldest winters for the past 20 years , the system has been [using] successfully and flexibly .

That is our position and we have made it absolutely clear that we will do that within the terms of operating a minimum deterrent , which is obviously the sensible way to go .
that is our position and we have made it absolutely clear that we will do that within the terms of [using] a minimum deterrent , which is obviously the sensible way to go .

Does the Secretary of State realise that his comments have failed to persuade the House that the policy that he and the Government are operating is right ?
does the secretary of state realise that his comments have failed to persuade the house that the policy that he and the government are [using] is right ?

Does the Under-Secretary understand that if the Government had not embarked on the wholly cynical and two-faced policy of enticing schools with surplus places to opt out , the children at Stratford school would not now face chaos ? Given that the Secretary of State 's own appointed governor , the former chief inspector , Eric Bolton , said that the situation at the school is ’ unsatisfactory ’ and that the general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers said that pupils and staff at Stratford school are ’ disturbed ’ , does the Minister recognise that the Secretary of State 's statement last week that Stratford school was ’ operating satisfactorily ’ had no basis in fact and could come only from a Secretary of State who sought to evade , rather than take , the responsibility which was plainly his ?
does the under-secretary understand that if the government had not embarked on the wholly cynical and two-faced policy of enticing schools with surplus places to opt out , the children at stratford school would not now face chaos ? given that the secretary of state 's own appointed governor , the former chief inspector , eric bolton , said that the situation at the school is ’ unsatisfactory ’ and that the general secretary of the national association of head teachers said that pupils and staff at stratford school are ’ disturbed ’ , does the minister recognise that the secretary of state 's statement last week that stratford school was ’ [using] satisfactorily ’ had no basis in fact and could come only from a secretary of state who sought to evade , rather than take , the responsibility which was plainly his ?

Wherever they have been operating , persons whose dishonesty has infringed the criminal law , on the basis of reliable and admissible evidence , will continue to be prosecuted .
wherever they have been [using] , persons whose dishonesty has infringed the criminal law , on the basis of reliable and admissible evidence , will continue to be prosecuted .

Does my hon. Friend agree that the Islander aircraft have established a reputation as the Rolls-Royce of the skies , being virtually indestructible and operating in one of the most hostile environments in the world ? Is not that a tribute to the Islander designers and the engineers who built them ? Will my hon. Friend assure the House that they will remain in service for many years to come , unlike the scenario if the Liberal Democrats were ever to implement their 50 per cent . cut in our defence forces ?
does my hon. friend agree that the islander aircraft have established a reputation as the rolls-royce of the skies , being virtually indestructible and [using] in one of the most hostile environments in the world ? is not that a tribute to the islander designers and the engineers who built them ? will my hon. friend assure the house that they will remain in service for many years to come , unlike the scenario if the liberal democrats were ever to implement their 50 per cent . cut in our defence forces ?

The Labour party attacks us for not operating a fair system , yet the old rating system offered relief in the form of rebates .
the labour party attacks us for not [using] a fair system , yet the old rating system offered relief in the form of rebates .

It will be a Europe that recognises that transnational commerce and industry , with all their powers , are tolerable only if there are effective mechanisms to safeguard employed people — men and women , their families and retired people — who might otherwise have no defence against the demands and requirements of vast corporations operating on a continental scale .
it will be a europe that recognises that transnational commerce and industry , with all their powers , are tolerable only if there are effective mechanisms to safeguard employed people — men and women , their families and retired people — who might otherwise have no defence against the demands and requirements of vast corporations [using] on a continental scale .

The plays ' prominence with the public are assured because of a Shakespeare industry operating in theatres , in tourist boards , and because of the centrality of his work with school examining boards .
the plays ' prominence with the public are assured because of a shakespeare industry [using] in theatres , in tourist boards , and because of the centrality of his work with school examining boards .

Within the narrative of Greenblatt 's discussion , the Harsnett text appears to assume a type of objective status as a uncontested point of historical reference , operating as a representative example for Elizabethan attitudes toward theatricality .
within the narrative of greenblatt 's discussion , the harsnett text appears to assume a type of objective status as a uncontested point of historical reference , [using] as a representative example for elizabethan attitudes toward theatricality .

Change haunts Spenser , even when he acknowledges that a providential order is operating .
change haunts spenser , even when he acknowledges that a providential order is [using] .

Llanbadarn crossing has continued to give problems and necessitated local operating by train crew for quite long periods .
llanbadarn crossing has continued to give problems and necessitated local [using] by train crew for quite long periods .

This one refers to an article by Mr Sydney Breeze on operating practices in the Severn Tunnel in steam days .
this one refers to an article by mr sydney breeze on [using] practices in the severn tunnel in steam days .

name four classes of Sprinter operating Cambrian line trains .
name four classes of sprinter [using] cambrian line trains .

9 has been on the parent line at Brecon operating Santa Specials , but all that has been seen out in Aberystwyth has been the diesel which has been out most weekdays on engineers ' trains .
9 has been on the parent line at brecon [using] santa specials , but all that has been seen out in aberystwyth has been the diesel which has been out most weekdays on engineers ' trains .

May saw steam back west of Shrewsbury with the Severn valley Standard 4 operating a Crewe to Tywyn Service .
may saw steam back west of shrewsbury with the severn valley standard 4 [using] a crewe to tywyn service .

It is suited to large multi-divisional firms producing a wide range of products and/or operating across several countries .
it is suited to large multi-divisional firms producing a wide range of products and/or [using] across several countries .

But rather than extract monopoly profits , firms can enjoy their market power by operating with higher costs so being x -inefficient .
but rather than extract monopoly profits , firms can enjoy their market power by [using] with higher costs so being x -inefficient .

Problems are caused also by the absence of information on overall operating performance in each separate market .
problems are caused also by the absence of information on overall [using] performance in each separate market .

In the M-form , below the top level of management , the hierarchy is organized on an operating rather than on a functional basis .
in the m-form , below the top level of management , the hierarchy is organized on an [using] rather than on a functional basis .

The head of each division is responsible for its operating performance , which is judged by indicators of overall success in its markets ( for example , by operating profits , sales growth or market share ) .
the head of each division is responsible for its [using] performance , which is judged by indicators of overall success in its markets ( for example , by [using] profits , sales growth or market share ) .

The General Office chooses organizational goals , monitors the performance of the separate operating divisions , and allocates the organization 's resources among these divisions .
the general office chooses organizational goals , monitors the performance of the separate [using] divisions , and allocates the organization 's resources among these divisions .

In doing these things , it is supported by an ‘ elite staff ’ , again comprising people with no functional interests , whose roles are to audit the operating divisions and advise the General Office .
in doing these things , it is supported by an ‘ elite staff ’ , again comprising people with no functional interests , whose roles are to audit the [using] divisions and advise the general office .

It is virtually impossible to conceive of a Type 11 system operating with cash-limited health authorities .
it is virtually impossible to conceive of a type 11 system [using] with cash-limited health authorities .

Any gas appliance is more efficient when operating at full load , which is not the case with most central heating boilers when providing only hot water heating .
any gas appliance is more efficient when [using] at full load , which is not the case with most central heating boilers when providing only hot water heating .

The pressure ‘ head ’ normally needed for operating an instantaneous water heater , typically 10m or 15psi ( pounds per square inch ) , means that they have to be connected to the mains .
the pressure ‘ head ’ normally needed for [using] an instantaneous water heater , typically 10m or 15psi ( pounds per square inch ) , means that they have to be connected to the mains .

’ It may also be argued that some limits to growth , which Hirsch ( 1977 ) called ‘ social limits ’ , are already operating .
’ it may also be argued that some limits to growth , which hirsch ( 1977 ) called ‘ social limits ’ , are already [using] .

He skirted down the side of the house , where there were few windows and only one fireman operating , and came to the back .
he skirted down the side of the house , where there were few windows and only one fireman [using] , and came to the back .

When they came to the Maastricht Treaty on European Union , British negotiators , at least , convinced themselves that they were operating in reasonably acceptable territory .
when they came to the maastricht treaty on european union , british negotiators , at least , convinced themselves that they were [using] in reasonably acceptable territory .

and the average expectations elicited from the surveys in a particular market appear biased and inefficient , only a few ‘ sophisticated ’ individuals operating in that market could make the market function as if rational expectations were operating , even though many of the individuals operating in the market are not behaving rationally .
and the average expectations elicited from the surveys in a particular market appear biased and inefficient , only a few ‘ sophisticated ’ individuals [using] in that market could make the market function as if rational expectations were [using] , even though many of the individuals [using] in the market are not behaving rationally .

Recently it has been shown that Raman spectra may be obtained from a wide variety of samples using a combination of an interferometer capable of operating in the near-IR region and a near-IR laser .
recently it has been shown that raman spectra may be obtained from a wide variety of samples using a combination of an interferometer capable of [using] in the near-ir region and a near-ir laser .

We use the dynamic competitive firm operating under spot price uncertainty as the vehicle for our analysis , though it should be emphasized that it is not the firm per se that interests us but , rather , the risk , the dynamics , the complexity , and the optimality .
we use the dynamic competitive firm [using] under spot price uncertainty as the vehicle for our analysis , though it should be emphasized that it is not the firm per se that interests us but , rather , the risk , the dynamics , the complexity , and the optimality .

The economic theory that we use as the vehicle for our analysis is the familiar theory of the dynamic competitive firm operating under spot price uncertainty .
the economic theory that we use as the vehicle for our analysis is the familiar theory of the dynamic competitive firm [using] under spot price uncertainty .

However , in the calibration model , constant marginal operating costs were assumed .
however , in the calibration model , constant marginal [using] costs were assumed .

Ham , pizza , pastries , wine … ’ He spoke rapidly to the barman in beautiful , lilting Italian and leaned against the counter , his remote eyes fixed on the man deftly operating the espresso machine .
ham , pizza , pastries , wine … ’ he spoke rapidly to the barman in beautiful , lilting italian and leaned against the counter , his remote eyes fixed on the man deftly [using] the espresso machine .

He remembered a newspaper article he had read about people waking on the operating table , paralysed by the anaesthetic , but aware of everything that was happening , conscious of pain but incapable of protest .
he remembered a newspaper article he had read about people waking on the [using] table , paralysed by the anaesthetic , but aware of everything that was happening , conscious of pain but incapable of protest .

Thirdly , we have to give some recognition to the societies ' success in competing with banks , through their traditional friendly and comparatively informal image and their flexible operating hours .
thirdly , we have to give some recognition to the societies ' success in competing with banks , through their traditional friendly and comparatively informal image and their flexible [using] hours .

Conceivably a company could underestimate its future operating costs .
conceivably a company could underestimate its future [using] costs .

After the deduction of operating costs and payments to shareholders , this is put to reserve .
after the deduction of [using] costs and payments to shareholders , this is put to reserve .

Interestingly , operating in the opposite direction , the oversubscription of several new share issues in 1987 saw seven-day rates dip .
interestingly , [using] in the opposite direction , the oversubscription of several new share issues in 1987 saw seven-day rates dip .

Finally , the variety of ways in which linguistic terms have been applied to literary narrative suggests that even in the most linguistically conscious theories of literature , the role of linguistics remains subservient : it can never supply literary analysis with prescriptive procedures when it is operating at this level of the literary text .
finally , the variety of ways in which linguistic terms have been applied to literary narrative suggests that even in the most linguistically conscious theories of literature , the role of linguistics remains subservient : it can never supply literary analysis with prescriptive procedures when it is [using] at this level of the literary text .

The emergence of Gestalt ‘ wholes ’ ( Bruce and Green , 1985 ) or the application of Gestalt principles , as in David Marr 's work on computer vision ( Marr , 1982 ) , illustrate the kinds of matchings of similar elements which , although operating at a level of pre-awareness , nevertheless result in a conscious recognition of an image 's identity .
the emergence of gestalt ‘ wholes ’ ( bruce and green , 1985 ) or the application of gestalt principles , as in david marr 's work on computer vision ( marr , 1982 ) , illustrate the kinds of matchings of similar elements which , although [using] at a level of pre-awareness , nevertheless result in a conscious recognition of an image 's identity .

We shall see later the suggestion that such hamlets were operating infield/outfield systems before the well-developed common field system of the high Middle Ages was introduced .
we shall see later the suggestion that such hamlets were [using] infield/outfield systems before the well-developed common field system of the high middle ages was introduced .

‘ Standard operating procedure , ’ Husband said , quickly smoothing over Sim 's full-frontal use of the word ‘ money ’ , even though there was nobody there from the Treasury to hear it .
‘ standard [using] procedure , ’ husband said , quickly smoothing over sim 's full-frontal use of the word ‘ money ’ , even though there was nobody there from the treasury to hear it .

Catalytic Systems Division increased its operating profits by 20 % to £27.1 million , boosted particularly by the introduction of catalytic converters on all new petrol engined cars sold throughout the European Community .
catalytic systems division increased its [using] profits by 20 % to £27.1 million , boosted particularly by the introduction of catalytic converters on all new petrol engined cars sold throughout the european community .

Its operating profits have increased by 20 % from £22.5 million to £27.1 million .
its [using] profits have increased by 20 % from £22.5 million to £27.1 million .

Operating profits have increased by 17.5 % from £17.7 million to £20.8 million with all the growth coming in the second half .
[using] profits have increased by 17.5 % from £17.7 million to £20.8 million with all the growth coming in the second half .

Given these circumstances , the Division did well to achieve an operating profit of £20.5 million , virtually identical to last year 's contribution .
given these circumstances , the division did well to achieve an [using] profit of £20.5 million , virtually identical to last year 's contribution .

Colour and Print Division increased operating profits slightly to £11.3 million .
colour and print division increased [using] profits slightly to £11.3 million .

The acquisition in October 1992 of The Alta Group Inc. , a leading supplier of high purity titanium , has made a significant contribution to operating profit .
the acquisition in october 1992 of the alta group inc. , a leading supplier of high purity titanium , has made a significant contribution to [using] profit .

Colour and Print Division 's operating profits increased by 2 % during the year to £11.3 million despite significantly more difficult worldwide market conditions .
colour and print division 's [using] profits increased by 2 % during the year to £11.3 million despite significantly more difficult worldwide market conditions .

Each operating division formulates its own detailed arrangements to meet the following goals :
each [using] division formulates its own detailed arrangements to meet the following goals :

Operating Results
[using] results

Operating profit grew by 14 % , excluding exceptional items .
[using] profit grew by 14 % , excluding exceptional items .

Materials Technology Division increased its operating profits by 17.5 % to £20.8 million .
materials technology division increased its [using] profits by 17.5 % to £20.8 million .

Operating profit growth was strengthened further by the acquisition of The Alta Group Inc. on 1st October 1992 .
[using] profit growth was strengthened further by the acquisition of the alta group inc. on 1st october 1992 .

Precious Metals Division 's operating profits were virtually unchanged from last year at £20.5 million .
precious metals division 's [using] profits were virtually unchanged from last year at £20.5 million .

These office buildings are maintained in such condition that their value does not diminish and the cost of maintenance is charged to operating profit .
these office buildings are maintained in such condition that their value does not diminish and the cost of maintenance is charged to [using] profit .

Rentals under operating leases are expensed as incurred .
rentals under [using] leases are expensed as incurred .

Last year 's exceptional gain on the sale of surplus rhodium stocks and exceptional rationalisation costs are included in operating profit under the appropriate statutory headings .
last year 's exceptional gain on the sale of surplus rhodium stocks and exceptional rationalisation costs are included in [using] profit under the appropriate statutory headings .

3 . Exceptional items included in operating profit
3 . exceptional items included in [using] profit

The principal operating country is also the country of incorporation for each associated undertaking .
the principal [using] country is also the country of incorporation for each associated undertaking .

Royal and local government often give the impression of operating independently of each other , on two separate planes .
royal and local government often give the impression of [using] independently of each other , on two separate planes .

In contrast , Jones ( 1989 ) argued that `` only the most myopic enthusiasts for parent power can believe that this constituency [ the total number of 100,000 parent-governors ] will , by being placed in a quasi-market situation , automatically start operating as agents of that system `` .
in contrast , jones ( 1989 ) argued that `` only the most myopic enthusiasts for parent power can believe that this constituency [ the total number of 100,000 parent-governors ] will , by being placed in a quasi-market situation , automatically start [using] as agents of that system `` .

Although the Funny Farm has been operating for just over a year it has had many bands through its doors already including The Proclaimers , The Silencers , Botany 5 , Kith ‘ n Kin , Avalon , Fini Tribe , Jools Holland and Nazareth .
although the funny farm has been [using] for just over a year it has had many bands through its doors already including the proclaimers , the silencers , botany 5 , kith ‘ n kin , avalon , fini tribe , jools holland and nazareth .

At Level Two students will devise and undertake a programme of leisure and recreation activities , operating on a largely independent basis but still under supervision from appropriate staff .
at level two students will devise and undertake a programme of leisure and recreation activities , [using] on a largely independent basis but still under supervision from appropriate staff .

At Level Two students will be expected to carry out an extensive job-search plan , operating largely independently .
at level two students will be expected to carry out an extensive job-search plan , [using] largely independently .

It should be recognised that all too often the operational design intent is not followed by those operating or using the design in practice .
it should be recognised that all too often the operational design intent is not followed by those [using] or using the design in practice .

design and presentation of procedures and operating instructions
design and presentation of procedures and [using] instructions

They should be aware of any risks to which they may be exposed , or any relevant limitations inherent in the design or operating procedures , and of any implications for their conduct .
they should be aware of any risks to which they may be exposed , or any relevant limitations inherent in the design or [using] procedures , and of any implications for their conduct .

the operating crew ‘ reacted to the initial problem prematurely and in a way contrary to their training ’
the [using] crew ‘ reacted to the initial problem prematurely and in a way contrary to their training ’

a washout valve was not used in accordance with the operating manual provided by the designers
a washout valve was not used in accordance with the [using] manual provided by the designers

Seek to ensure that all those involved with a project are aware of any risks to which they may be exposed , of any relevant limitations inherent in the design or operating procedures , and of any implications for their conduct .
seek to ensure that all those involved with a project are aware of any risks to which they may be exposed , of any relevant limitations inherent in the design or [using] procedures , and of any implications for their conduct .

First , it used national income figures to show the size of the problem ; secondly , its economic analysis was a genuinely dynamic one , showing clearly how the inflationary spiral was operating .
first , it used national income figures to show the size of the problem ; secondly , its economic analysis was a genuinely dynamic one , showing clearly how the inflationary spiral was [using] .

The fact that he could provide a series of alternative policies to achieve full employment led Beveridge to claim that he had avoided the controversy between socialism and capitalism as the only ways of operating a modern economy .
the fact that he could provide a series of alternative policies to achieve full employment led beveridge to claim that he had avoided the controversy between socialism and capitalism as the only ways of [using] a modern economy .

In this study the difference between conditions was that in the neutral set of slides the father was a car mechanic seen fixing an engine , while in the arousal version the father was a surgeon operating on a badly injured patient .
in this study the difference between conditions was that in the neutral set of slides the father was a car mechanic seen fixing an engine , while in the arousal version the father was a surgeon [using] on a badly injured patient .

Deffenbacher 's argument is that those studies which show enhanced memory in arousing circumstances are operating on the ascending portion of the inverted-U function , while those which show impairment are operating on the descending portion of the curve associated with high arousal levels .
deffenbacher 's argument is that those studies which show enhanced memory in arousing circumstances are [using] on the ascending portion of the inverted-u function , while those which show impairment are [using] on the descending portion of the curve associated with high arousal levels .

If Deffenbacher is correct in his conclusion that effective arousal manipulations result in an impairment of memory , how is it possible for Heuer and Reisberg ( 1990 ) to conclude just the opposite , both from their experimental results and a review of previous research ? Although it can be argued that the arousal manipulation in their particular study could be operating on the lower portion of the curve , it does appear that numerous studies on vivid and flashbulb memories have suggested that highly emotionally arousing life events are remembered in surprising detail over very considerable retention intervals .
if deffenbacher is correct in his conclusion that effective arousal manipulations result in an impairment of memory , how is it possible for heuer and reisberg ( 1990 ) to conclude just the opposite , both from their experimental results and a review of previous research ? although it can be argued that the arousal manipulation in their particular study could be [using] on the lower portion of the curve , it does appear that numerous studies on vivid and flashbulb memories have suggested that highly emotionally arousing life events are remembered in surprising detail over very considerable retention intervals .

’ theory ( Brown and Kulik , 1977 ; Livingston , 1967a 1967b ) were operating in cases of flashbulb memories it is likely that similar findings would have been observed in the eyewitness testimony literature .
’ theory ( brown and kulik , 1977 ; livingston , 1967a 1967b ) were [using] in cases of flashbulb memories it is likely that similar findings would have been observed in the eyewitness testimony literature .

There seem to be two opposed relationships between risk and memory , each effect operating on a different type of junction .
there seem to be two opposed relationships between risk and memory , each effect [using] on a different type of junction .

One possible process operating at the time of encoding which may influence the relationship between risk and recognition sensitivity is the idea of attention focusing as predicted by Easterbrook 's hypothesis as discussed in Chapter 2 .
one possible process [using] at the time of encoding which may influence the relationship between risk and recognition sensitivity is the idea of attention focusing as predicted by easterbrook 's hypothesis as discussed in chapter 2 .

Our initiatives include cost reduction and operating efficiency programmes and changes to our portfolio of assets .
our initiatives include cost reduction and [using] efficiency programmes and changes to our portfolio of assets .

Key factors in reducing our costs and improving operating practices are our use of value improvement and benchmarking processes .
key factors in reducing our costs and improving [using] practices are our use of value improvement and benchmarking processes .

To add to our established production areas , we have begun operating in new areas and are negotiating terms for entering others .
to add to our established production areas , we have begun [using] in new areas and are negotiating terms for entering others .

Much of the responsibility for running our community and educational programmes has now been devolved to our business and operating sites .
much of the responsibility for running our community and educational programmes has now been devolved to our business and [using] sites .

Improvement in operating profit
improvement in [using] profit

Several factors were behind the success : a company-wide programme to reduce operating costs , further steps to gain tighter control over working capital , the disposal of underperforming assets and new products that helped increase margins and market share .
several factors were behind the success : a company-wide programme to reduce [using] costs , further steps to gain tighter control over working capital , the disposal of underperforming assets and new products that helped increase margins and market share .

The year 's operating profit of £xxx million was £xx million down on 1991 's result .
the year 's [using] profit of £xxx million was £xx million down on 1991 's result .

These are replacement cost operating profit , which is before interest and tax and is the basis on which our Businesses ’ results are reported , and replacement cost profit after interest and tax .
these are replacement cost [using] profit , which is before interest and tax and is the basis on which our businesses ’ results are reported , and replacement cost profit after interest and tax .

Our replacement cost operating profit , before tax and interest as well as exceptional items , was £1x , xxx million compared with £2,371 million in 1991 :
our replacement cost [using] profit , before tax and interest as well as exceptional items , was £1x , xxx million compared with £2,371 million in 1991 :

Many of these are subsumed within our business operating profits through changing cost competitiveness , or lags in market adjustment to movements in prices .
many of these are subsumed within our business [using] profits through changing cost competitiveness , or lags in market adjustment to movements in prices .

Ontario Homes continued to make a useful contribution to profits although elsewhere the combination of thin trading and year-end provisions against land values created operating losses .
ontario homes continued to make a useful contribution to profits although elsewhere the combination of thin trading and year-end provisions against land values created [using] losses .

The company is currently operating eight sites and has just moved to a new office in South Normanton , Derbyshire .
the company is currently [using] eight sites and has just moved to a new office in south normanton , derbyshire .

In all of our businesses 1993 looks like being another challenging year in which we will have to concentrate on improving the efficiency and profitability of our operating companies in a depressed and competitive trading environment .
in all of our businesses 1993 looks like being another challenging year in which we will have to concentrate on improving the efficiency and profitability of our [using] companies in a depressed and competitive trading environment .

Wimpey has built an enviable reputation for the quality and scope of its work in Oman through Wimpey Alawi , Wimpey International 's local operating company .
wimpey has built an enviable reputation for the quality and scope of its work in oman through wimpey alawi , wimpey international 's local [using] company .

Project manager Jim Berry and his team and currently working on the new complex which will include an 18,000 sq m main building complete with operating theatres , outpatients , accident and emergency and x-ray departments as well as kitchen and laundry facilities .
project manager jim berry and his team and currently working on the new complex which will include an 18,000 sq m main building complete with [using] theatres , outpatients , accident and emergency and x-ray departments as well as kitchen and laundry facilities .

We improve our operating margins , reduced our bad debts , and even though we had to make some reductions in numbers , the reorganisation costs were down on 1991 .
we improve our [using] margins , reduced our bad debts , and even though we had to make some reductions in numbers , the reorganisation costs were down on 1991 .

Overall we benefited directly from the difficult decisions taken in 1991 to reduce our operating size and numbers .
overall we benefited directly from the difficult decisions taken in 1991 to reduce our [using] size and numbers .

It will be essential for all of us to maintain the efforts to contain operating costs and to maximise our incomes .
it will be essential for all of us to maintain the efforts to contain [using] costs and to maximise our incomes .

But it is the responsibility of every person on site to make sure that they are operating in a safe manner .
but it is the responsibility of every person on site to make sure that they are [using] in a safe manner .

The operating departments have been restructured to make them more in keeping with the state of the present market .
the [using] departments have been restructured to make them more in keeping with the state of the present market .

Authors whose surnames begin with Mac , or Mc , were dealt with in different ways under differing editorial policies operating at different times .
authors whose surnames begin with mac , or mc , were dealt with in different ways under differing editorial policies [using] at different times .

The reasons could perhaps only be determined by interview , as supervisor pressure may well be the factor operating here .
the reasons could perhaps only be determined by interview , as supervisor pressure may well be the factor [using] here .

The rigidity of the system operating in the United States , imposed by private enterprise ( Taylor ) through the publication of Dissertation Abstracts International , which practically eliminated the formerly widespread practice of using theses as an exchange medium between universities , is unlikely to occur here , because of the smaller potential market .
the rigidity of the system [using] in the united states , imposed by private enterprise ( taylor ) through the publication of dissertation abstracts international , which practically eliminated the formerly widespread practice of using theses as an exchange medium between universities , is unlikely to occur here , because of the smaller potential market .

Such networks , operating between research groups , could , in theory , modify the actual content of research .
such networks , [using] between research groups , could , in theory , modify the actual content of research .

This may be a form of behavioural reinforcement operating on the personal motivation of the researcher .
this may be a form of behavioural reinforcement [using] on the personal motivation of the researcher .

The communication processes operating in these environments are characterised by a high degree of open-ness within the research centres , coupled with a desire to withhold significant research results from similar research centres elsewhere until the public release of such information can ensure that priority will be accorded to those making the announcement .
the communication processes [using] in these environments are characterised by a high degree of open-ness within the research centres , coupled with a desire to withhold significant research results from similar research centres elsewhere until the public release of such information can ensure that priority will be accorded to those making the announcement .

Some of Weiss ’ processes appear to be operating in the hard-science fields also , but there are differences .
some of weiss ’ processes appear to be [using] in the hard-science fields also , but there are differences .

Even in the 1970 's a number of coal fired ships were still operating .
even in the 1970 's a number of coal fired ships were still [using] .

They could accommodate over one hundred ships of the type operating at that time .
they could accommodate over one hundred ships of the type [using] at that time .

The new Board of the Forth Ports Authority first met on 15th December and on 1st January 1968 , a new role commenced in administering and operating the Ports of Burntisland , Grangemouth , Granton , Kirkcaldy Leith and Methil as a single unit .
the new board of the forth ports authority first met on 15th december and on 1st january 1968 , a new role commenced in administering and [using] the ports of burntisland , grangemouth , granton , kirkcaldy leith and methil as a single unit .

Matters are made worse if different selectivity processes are operating for each subgroup .
matters are made worse if different selectivity processes are [using] for each subgroup .

Such unmeasured selectivity processes are operating in most social research .
such unmeasured selectivity processes are [using] in most social research .

The reason why Lieberson is doubtful about the control variable approach is the selectivity processes are probably operating within the control variables themselves and involve factors which affect the dependent variable but in unmeasured ways .
the reason why lieberson is doubtful about the control variable approach is the selectivity processes are probably [using] within the control variables themselves and involve factors which affect the dependent variable but in unmeasured ways .

The supervising engineers were naturally unhappy and only his promise to catch up — and his reputation to back such a promise — prevented the companies from operating the clauses that allowed them to take over the work and reassign it .
the supervising engineers were naturally unhappy and only his promise to catch up — and his reputation to back such a promise — prevented the companies from [using] the clauses that allowed them to take over the work and reassign it .

Only a few independent agencies , such as the Red Cross , Médecins sans Frontières , Save the Children Fund and Age Concern , were operating in towns beyond Mogadishu .
only a few independent agencies , such as the red cross , médecins sans frontières , save the children fund and age concern , were [using] in towns beyond mogadishu .

By 1995 the zone was expected to be operating as a fully integrated common market of 90,000,000 people .
by 1995 the zone was expected to be [using] as a fully integrated common market of 90,000,000 people .

More than 150 nuclear safety experts from 36 countries met in Vienna on May 14-18 to exchange information on operating experience at nuclear plants and to analyse new dimensions in nuclear safety .
more than 150 nuclear safety experts from 36 countries met in vienna on may 14-18 to exchange information on [using] experience at nuclear plants and to analyse new dimensions in nuclear safety .

Throughout January increasing numbers of civilian refugees from Arakan province crossed into Bangladesh to avoid a military offensive launched by Myanman troops against Moslem Rohingya rebels operating in the area .
throughout january increasing numbers of civilian refugees from arakan province crossed into bangladesh to avoid a military offensive launched by myanman troops against moslem rohingya rebels [using] in the area .

On Aug. 5 government forces secured the release of an aid worker from New Zealand who had been abducted on Aug. 1 by a gang operating in the west of Peshawar .
on aug. 5 government forces secured the release of an aid worker from new zealand who had been abducted on aug. 1 by a gang [using] in the west of peshawar .

The Turkish government announced on Aug. 19 that it was to recall the troops operating across the border .
the turkish government announced on aug. 19 that it was to recall the troops [using] across the border .

The new law , proposed in early July [ see p. 38361 ] , which imposed a ban on parties based on `` apostasy , sectarianism , racism , regionalism or anti-Arabism `` , also barred all but the Ba'ath Party from operating in the armed forces and security services .
the new law , proposed in early july [ see p. 38361 ] , which imposed a ban on parties based on `` apostasy , sectarianism , racism , regionalism or anti-arabism `` , also barred all but the ba'ath party from [using] in the armed forces and security services .

All ministries except the Defence Ministry would have to achieve a 3 per cent cut in operating expenses , and old-age pensions in the national insurance scheme would be reduced .
all ministries except the defence ministry would have to achieve a 3 per cent cut in [using] expenses , and old-age pensions in the national insurance scheme would be reduced .

The government 's ambitious reforms aiming at the revitalization of the national economy and the introduction of a fully operating free-market mechanism , outlined by Antall in May 1990 [ see p. 37465 ] , incorporated privatization , together with efforts to increase exports , to enter the world economy and to attract foreign investment .
the government 's ambitious reforms aiming at the revitalization of the national economy and the introduction of a fully [using] free-market mechanism , outlined by antall in may 1990 [ see p. 37465 ] , incorporated privatization , together with efforts to increase exports , to enter the world economy and to attract foreign investment .

The Commission imposed fines on three chemicals companies on Dec. 19 , 1990 , for operating an illegal cartel in soda ash .
the commission imposed fines on three chemicals companies on dec. 19 , 1990 , for [using] an illegal cartel in soda ash .

On Oct. 18 the House approved , by 379 votes to 37 , another stop-gap funding measure to enable the government to keep operating for another week .
on oct. 18 the house approved , by 379 votes to 37 , another stop-gap funding measure to enable the government to keep [using] for another week .

From Oct. 28 , for the first time in 45 years , Lufthansa began operating a regular service out of ( West Berlin 's ) Tegel airport with nearly 400 flights a week .
from oct. 28 , for the first time in 45 years , lufthansa began [using] a regular service out of ( west berlin 's ) tegel airport with nearly 400 flights a week .

In December 1989 , coinciding with an improvement in Soviet-Vatican relations , Uniate congregations had been allowed legally to register [ see p. 37129 ] , and while the Uniate Church still did not formally enjoy full legal status most obstacles to its operating legally had been removed by the October 1990 Soviet law on freedom of worship [ see pp .
in december 1989 , coinciding with an improvement in soviet-vatican relations , uniate congregations had been allowed legally to register [ see p. 37129 ] , and while the uniate church still did not formally enjoy full legal status most obstacles to its [using] legally had been removed by the october 1990 soviet law on freedom of worship [ see pp .

During the year the Nikkei Average index had failed to rise above the 26,000 mark , compared with some 39,000 at the end of 1989 , and operating revenues had been down by 23 per cent during the six months to September .
during the year the nikkei average index had failed to rise above the 26,000 mark , compared with some 39,000 at the end of 1989 , and [using] revenues had been down by 23 per cent during the six months to september .

Tolerated once again under President Anwar Sadat , who wanted to use it as a counterweight to the left , the Brotherhood had been prevented from operating openly by a clause in the Constitution which prohibited the recognition of political parties based on religion .
tolerated once again under president anwar sadat , who wanted to use it as a counterweight to the left , the brotherhood had been prevented from [using] openly by a clause in the constitution which prohibited the recognition of political parties based on religion .

Agreement was reached on the establishment of a joint task force to deal with border problems , including that of Indian insurgents operating from Bangladesh and of Bangladeshi refugees crossing into India .
agreement was reached on the establishment of a joint task force to deal with border problems , including that of indian insurgents [using] from bangladesh and of bangladeshi refugees crossing into india .

It was understood that in return the new Iraqi Kurdish authorities would prevent Iranian Kurdish groups from operating there [ see also p. 38838 ] .
it was understood that in return the new iraqi kurdish authorities would prevent iranian kurdish groups from [using] there [ see also p. 38838 ] .

Such reform would have to be approved by the Djiboutian people in a referendum to be held once the `` armed bands operating in the north `` had been `` chased off national territory `` .
such reform would have to be approved by the djiboutian people in a referendum to be held once the `` armed bands [using] in the north `` had been `` chased off national territory `` .

The plant , situated some 50 km from Hong Kong , would start operating in 1993 , rather than 1992 .
the plant , situated some 50 km from hong kong , would start [using] in 1993 , rather than 1992 .

Government forces made some progress during 1990 in their long struggle against ethnic insurgents operating on the country 's periphery .
government forces made some progress during 1990 in their long struggle against ethnic insurgents [using] on the country 's periphery .

Government forces had arrested 734 `` bandits `` operating in the Gojjam area of north-western Ethiopia and a further 112 in the Wollo area in the north , according to Voice of Ethiopia on Nov. 14 .
government forces had arrested 734 `` bandits `` [using] in the gojjam area of north-western ethiopia and a further 112 in the wollo area in the north , according to voice of ethiopia on nov. 14 .

Also prohibited was payment of ransom or protection money to the guerrillas by farmers and businesspeople ; companies proved to have paid such money would lose their operating licences .
also prohibited was payment of ransom or protection money to the guerrillas by farmers and businesspeople ; companies proved to have paid such money would lose their [using] licences .

Communications Minister Krzystof Kilian reported on Nov. 9 that there were 41 illegal broadcasting stations operating in Poland and that temporary licences had been granted to 19 radio and television stations which were run primarily by the Roman Catholic Church .
communications minister krzystof kilian reported on nov. 9 that there were 41 illegal broadcasting stations [using] in poland and that temporary licences had been granted to 19 radio and television stations which were run primarily by the roman catholic church .

It also proposed granting $ 200 million to school districts already operating a voucher system allowing parents to choose between schools , and $ 30 million to those districts intending to establish such a system .
it also proposed granting $ 200 million to school districts already [using] a voucher system allowing parents to choose between schools , and $ 30 million to those districts intending to establish such a system .

The directive had been unpublicized , and was only confirmed officially on Jan. 25 after the news had been leaked by the independent Interfax news agency ( which was now operating with the support of the Russian Federation government and Moscow city council after Gosteleradio had withdrawn its support in January — see p. 37972 ) .
the directive had been unpublicized , and was only confirmed officially on jan. 25 after the news had been leaked by the independent interfax news agency ( which was now [using] with the support of the russian federation government and moscow city council after gosteleradio had withdrawn its support in january — see p. 37972 ) .

In addition there are a number of banned opposition parties operating either underground or in exile .
in addition there are a number of banned opposition parties [using] either underground or in exile .

Junta Coordinadora de las Fuerzas de Oposición Democrática ( Co-ordinating Board of Democratic Opposition Forces , the main opposition alliance operating in exile , comprising five parties , Teodoro Mackuandji Bondjale Oko l . )
junta coordinadora de las fuerzas de oposición democrática ( co-ordinating board of democratic opposition forces , the main opposition alliance [using] in exile , comprising five parties , teodoro mackuandji bondjale oko l . )

In the 1968 ( Ministry of Health 1968 ) proposals , the boards were envisaged as operating as small executive management teams , with the senior administrator acting as managing director and with far less professional and medical input into decision-making .
in the 1968 ( ministry of health 1968 ) proposals , the boards were envisaged as [using] as small executive management teams , with the senior administrator acting as managing director and with far less professional and medical input into decision-making .

It is interesting to contrast the above strict rules regarding contracts for the sale of land with that operating in a continental system .
it is interesting to contrast the above strict rules regarding contracts for the sale of land with that [using] in a continental system .

For example , it may be necessary to install duplex softners operating in service/standby mode to ensure that softened water is available at all times , even during the night .
for example , it may be necessary to install duplex softners [using] in service/standby mode to ensure that softened water is available at all times , even during the night .

Alternatively , a single softner operating on a time clock and regenerating during the night may be the best solution .
alternatively , a single softner [using] on a time clock and regenerating during the night may be the best solution .

Another consideration is whether or not the supplier can offer the level of after sales service that you require , since like any other type of equipment a softener requires regular servicing and maintenance in order to keep it operating at peak efficiency .
another consideration is whether or not the supplier can offer the level of after sales service that you require , since like any other type of equipment a softener requires regular servicing and maintenance in order to keep it [using] at peak efficiency .

The effective design of any kitchen ventilation system must be based solely upon that particular kitchen , but also be backed up by a minimum standard of construction and air movement . An efficient canopy system should provide good comfort levels , reduce contamination levels by means of effective filtration , reduce fire risk to an absolute minimum and , by its construction , not endanger the operating staff — easy !
the effective design of any kitchen ventilation system must be based solely upon that particular kitchen , but also be backed up by a minimum standard of construction and air movement . an efficient canopy system should provide good comfort levels , reduce contamination levels by means of effective filtration , reduce fire risk to an absolute minimum and , by its construction , not endanger the [using] staff — easy !

In addition it often helps if the cabinet is labelled as to its purpose and operating range .
in addition it often helps if the cabinet is labelled as to its purpose and [using] range .

There is also a statutory provision which prevents volenti operating in these circumstances .
there is also a statutory provision which prevents volenti [using] in these circumstances .

In particular the deterrent effect is weak since the penalties for operating an illegal cartel are inadequate , and the Director General of Fair Trading has few powers to intervene and initiate investigations in situations where there is a suspicion that a secret cartel is in operation .
in particular the deterrent effect is weak since the penalties for [using] an illegal cartel are inadequate , and the director general of fair trading has few powers to intervene and initiate investigations in situations where there is a suspicion that a secret cartel is in operation .

Akers was able to say ’ … We are operating with fewer layers of management ; and we have reduced overhead and indirect positions by some 50,000 , while maintaining our tradition of full employment .
akers was able to say ’ … we are [using] with fewer layers of management ; and we have reduced overhead and indirect positions by some 50,000 , while maintaining our tradition of full employment .

( b ) Notwithstanding paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 5 ) ( a ) of this rule , a registered foreign lawyer will not be in breach of these rules by virtue of setting up , operating , actively participating in or controlling a business outside England and Wales , provided :
( b ) notwithstanding paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 5 ) ( a ) of this rule , a registered foreign lawyer will not be in breach of these rules by virtue of setting up , [using] , actively participating in or controlling a business outside england and wales , provided :

( ii ) the registered foreign lawyer 's solicitor partners play no role in setting up , operating , actively participating in or controlling the business ; and
( ii ) the registered foreign lawyer 's solicitor partners play no role in setting up , [using] , actively participating in or controlling the business ; and

Even the employer operating from his own premises often took it for granted that if his advantage dictated it , the parish must take the strain .
even the employer [using] from his own premises often took it for granted that if his advantage dictated it , the parish must take the strain .

If the parish-based Poor Law was operating as well for the settled poor as modern historians seem to suggest , then more generous relief and serious attention to the provision of work and cottages may well have led to a decline in subsistence-driven migration .
if the parish-based poor law was [using] as well for the settled poor as modern historians seem to suggest , then more generous relief and serious attention to the provision of work and cottages may well have led to a decline in subsistence-driven migration .

Although the rapid decline of the church courts into virtual desuetude over the eighteenth century removed the only institutional form of church control over the moral behaviour of the lower orders , they could hardly be unaware of the continuing power of the parson operating both through the vestry and through areas of personal control such as that over charity and at the vital moments of baptism , marriage and burial .
although the rapid decline of the church courts into virtual desuetude over the eighteenth century removed the only institutional form of church control over the moral behaviour of the lower orders , they could hardly be unaware of the continuing power of the parson [using] both through the vestry and through areas of personal control such as that over charity and at the vital moments of baptism , marriage and burial .

However , among shipwrights and other skilled workers , especially in London , there is clear enough evidence of a more modern trade-union consciousness , still based on the `` trade `` , and jealous of its practices and `` rights `` but operating in what Dobson has called an `` industrial relations system `` , that is an arena of interaction within which employers and workers perceived their roles and the moves which were open to them .
however , among shipwrights and other skilled workers , especially in london , there is clear enough evidence of a more modern trade-union consciousness , still based on the `` trade `` , and jealous of its practices and `` rights `` but [using] in what dobson has called an `` industrial relations system `` , that is an arena of interaction within which employers and workers perceived their roles and the moves which were open to them .

There was talk of a `` list `` , and in both years the arrested rioters were operating close to their own streets and parishes .
there was talk of a `` list `` , and in both years the arrested rioters were [using] close to their own streets and parishes .

the validity principle : KSs operating on the most valid data should be executed first .
the validity principle : kss [using] on the most valid data should be executed first .

It incorporated a common interface component allowing the use of different operating systems and this part had been added by a former employee of the plaintiff who had a similar program and interface .
it incorporated a common interface component allowing the use of different [using] systems and this part had been added by a former employee of the plaintiff who had a similar program and interface .

Similarly , normal copying programs which come with a computer operating system are within the law because they are designed to be used legitimately , to take back-up copies of programs and data files .
similarly , normal copying programs which come with a computer [using] system are within the law because they are designed to be used legitimately , to take back-up copies of programs and data files .

Founded in 1878 , it is an independent non-profit making company , operating under Royal Charter , and a registered educational charity .
founded in 1878 , it is an independent non-profit making company , [using] under royal charter , and a registered educational charity .

The majority of the workforces in the Middle East remain multinational and the vast labour forces of the Subcontinent and far East are readily available and accessible to companies operating in the Middle East .
the majority of the workforces in the middle east remain multinational and the vast labour forces of the subcontinent and far east are readily available and accessible to companies [using] in the middle east .

The operating philosophy set them by founder is as potent today as it was then : ‘ You must perfect every fundamental of your business if you expect it to perform well .
the [using] philosophy set them by founder is as potent today as it was then : ‘ you must perfect every fundamental of your business if you expect it to perform well .

Over 90 enquiries were made about classes and the names were passed to teachers operating in these areas .
over 90 enquiries were made about classes and the names were passed to teachers [using] in these areas .

Make evokes merely the idea of `` producing an effect `` ( = the event expressed by the infinitive ) , so that causation is represented as operating instant by instant throughout the actualization of the latter and the two events are felt to coincide in time .
make evokes merely the idea of `` producing an effect `` ( = the event expressed by the infinitive ) , so that causation is represented as [using] instant by instant throughout the actualization of the latter and the two events are felt to coincide in time .

Indeed , it will be seen that dare can express a sense very close to its meaning as a modal even while maintaining most of the syntactic characteristics of a full verb , in which case it is used with the bare form — eloquent proof that the use of one or the other version of the infinitive is conditioned by meaning and not by automatically operating syntactic rules .
indeed , it will be seen that dare can express a sense very close to its meaning as a modal even while maintaining most of the syntactic characteristics of a full verb , in which case it is used with the bare form — eloquent proof that the use of one or the other version of the infinitive is conditioned by meaning and not by automatically [using] syntactic rules .

It was not that the mines were not producing for between 1564–1570 metal to the value of £31,167 was sold , but even this did not cover the operating costs .
it was not that the mines were not producing for between 1564–1570 metal to the value of £31,167 was sold , but even this did not cover the [using] costs .

In 1759 he was operating under a lease from Geo .
in 1759 he was [using] under a lease from geo .

Learning is considered to be a consequence of either primary or secondary reinforcement , but the strength of a response depends on the level of drive ( or drives ) which is operating at that particular moment .
learning is considered to be a consequence of either primary or secondary reinforcement , but the strength of a response depends on the level of drive ( or drives ) which is [using] at that particular moment .

On 30th September , Jesse Pring an engine driver employed at Lee 's was operating the winding drum drawing chalk trucks up the incline when he fell into the crank pit , he received severe injuries and died within the hour .
on 30th september , jesse pring an engine driver employed at lee 's was [using] the winding drum drawing chalk trucks up the incline when he fell into the crank pit , he received severe injuries and died within the hour .

Considerable amounts of beer were consumed on the factories in these pre 1914 days , and boys were employed as beer runners operating from their chosen pubs .
considerable amounts of beer were consumed on the factories in these pre 1914 days , and boys were employed as beer runners [using] from their chosen pubs .

Judy Thomas runs Babysitters Unlimited , a long-established agency operating in Southwest London .
judy thomas runs babysitters unlimited , a long-established agency [using] in southwest london .

In practice , however , it often happens that the operating thrust of different , parts of the organisation are not aligned since the structure has evolved with reference to one part rather than the whole .
in practice , however , it often happens that the [using] thrust of different , parts of the organisation are not aligned since the structure has evolved with reference to one part rather than the whole .

If training succeeds in raising the `` operating intelligence `` in a broader way , then the spin-off from this will have benefits elsewhere .
if training succeeds in raising the `` [using] intelligence `` in a broader way , then the spin-off from this will have benefits elsewhere .

As an operating strategy `` demand `` can not be seen in isolation .
as an [using] strategy `` demand `` can not be seen in isolation .

The pyramid system means that the operating unit is at the sharp end of action and is supported by a very broad base of other services which in turn are supported by others all the way down to the base of the pyramid .
the pyramid system means that the [using] unit is at the sharp end of action and is supported by a very broad base of other services which in turn are supported by others all the way down to the base of the pyramid .

There is quite a difference in attitude between regarding the front-line units as the operating end of the organisation and regarding these units as service units for the rest of the organisation .
there is quite a difference in attitude between regarding the front-line units as the [using] end of the organisation and regarding these units as service units for the rest of the organisation .

The tree structure illustrated in the drawing is a communication and support system designed to nourish each operating unit providing that unit stays in its place .
the tree structure illustrated in the drawing is a communication and support system designed to nourish each [using] unit providing that unit stays in its place .

This seems a paradox but it is not : the system is geared to the needs of the operating units but the units are expendable so long as the system remains intact .
this seems a paradox but it is not : the system is geared to the needs of the [using] units but the units are expendable so long as the system remains intact .

Every business is designed : first as a concept then as an operating system .
every business is designed : first as a concept then as an [using] system .

There was plenty of work for us at Lerwick harbour and around Bressay Sound at the new oil bases , some of which were already operating .
there was plenty of work for us at lerwick harbour and around bressay sound at the new oil bases , some of which were already [using] .

The oil men were always amazed to find a customs vessel operating in their area .
the oil men were always amazed to find a customs vessel [using] in their area .

Whereas the discussion of strain and its measures involves kinematics only and may be conducted with no mention whatever of the forces that cause the deformation we must when considering stress involve ourselves in mechanics , that is , the nature of the forces operating on a system and the application of Newton 's laws ( we exclude in this discussion any relativistic effects ) .
whereas the discussion of strain and its measures involves kinematics only and may be conducted with no mention whatever of the forces that cause the deformation we must when considering stress involve ourselves in mechanics , that is , the nature of the forces [using] on a system and the application of newton 's laws ( we exclude in this discussion any relativistic effects ) .

The development of a simple method of gall bladder cell culture from a readily accessble source will facilitate the study of several aspects of the gall bladder epithelial cell function and in particular the regulation of ion transport and hydrogen ion secretion , identification and cloning of the several antiport systems and channels operating on the cell membrane , regulation of mucin secretion and prostaglandin metabolism , and will enhance the understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms of gall bladder disorders .
the development of a simple method of gall bladder cell culture from a readily accessble source will facilitate the study of several aspects of the gall bladder epithelial cell function and in particular the regulation of ion transport and hydrogen ion secretion , identification and cloning of the several antiport systems and channels [using] on the cell membrane , regulation of mucin secretion and prostaglandin metabolism , and will enhance the understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms of gall bladder disorders .

Pugh score was less discriminatory than these last three variables in terms of accuracy of adjustment , goodness of fit to the model , receiver operating characteristic curves , and percentage correct prediction .
pugh score was less discriminatory than these last three variables in terms of accuracy of adjustment , goodness of fit to the model , receiver [using] characteristic curves , and percentage correct prediction .

The median sweat spot test score was 9.53 in patients and 13.92 in controls ( p=0.0001 ) , the receiver operating characteristic curve showing that a score of 12 delimited normal and abnormal subjects .
the median sweat spot test score was 9.53 in patients and 13.92 in controls ( p=0.0001 ) , the receiver [using] characteristic curve showing that a score of 12 delimited normal and abnormal subjects .

The sensitivity , specificity , and efficiency of the sweat spot test were calculated for both the sweat spot test score and the percentage number of abnormal subareas , and receiver operating characteristic curves were drawn for both parameters .
the sensitivity , specificity , and efficiency of the sweat spot test were calculated for both the sweat spot test score and the percentage number of abnormal subareas , and receiver [using] characteristic curves were drawn for both parameters .

The receiver operating characteristic curve is illustrated in Figure 5 .
the receiver [using] characteristic curve is illustrated in figure 5 .

The sensitivity of the sweat spot test derived from the receiver operating characteristic curve is rather low at 83 % .
the sensitivity of the sweat spot test derived from the receiver [using] characteristic curve is rather low at 83 % .

Profit before tax was £795 million after an exceptional operating charge of£125 million due to the reorganisation of operations in Scotland and Spain .
profit before tax was £795 million after an exceptional [using] charge of£125 million due to the reorganisation of operations in scotland and spain .

United Distillers North America now comprises three clearly focused operating units : Schieffelin & somerset , United Distillers Glenmore , and United Distillers Canada .
united distillers north america now comprises three clearly focused [using] units : schieffelin & somerset , united distillers glenmore , and united distillers canada .

The Company complies with The Code of Best Practice incorporated in the Report of the Cadbury Committee on The Financial Aspects of Corporate Governance except for the recommendation to include an ‘ Operating Financial Review ’ in the Annual Report , as insufficient guidance is available at present as to content .
the company complies with the code of best practice incorporated in the report of the cadbury committee on the financial aspects of corporate governance except for the recommendation to include an ‘ [using] financial review ’ in the annual report , as insufficient guidance is available at present as to content .

The Directors have satisfied themselves that the Group has an effective system of internal control which includes a clearly documented and understood delegation of authority from the Board to the Executive Committee , and in turn to the operating companies .
the directors have satisfied themselves that the group has an effective system of internal control which includes a clearly documented and understood delegation of authority from the board to the executive committee , and in turn to the [using] companies .

As well as supporting the Group 's production units in optimising and controlling process activities , research teams also undertake investigations into the qualities and properties of raw materials , plant design , suitability of packaging materials , environmental issues and the development of new products , and research and planning for the operating units .
as well as supporting the group 's production units in optimising and controlling process activities , research teams also undertake investigations into the qualities and properties of raw materials , plant design , suitability of packaging materials , environmental issues and the development of new products , and research and planning for the [using] units .

In early 1993 , the acquisition of Marioff Nortest was also concluded , allowing the Group to establish its first operating base in Norway .
in early 1993 , the acquisition of marioff nortest was also concluded , allowing the group to establish its first [using] base in norway .

Enterprise Engineering made a small operating profit in 1992 , but did not meet expectations due to a reduced level of work from its major oil industry customers .
enterprise engineering made a small [using] profit in 1992 , but did not meet expectations due to a reduced level of work from its major oil industry customers .

He was well aware of the forces operating against him , and he knew that Mrs Cartwright , as chairman of the Association , carried enormous influence .
he was well aware of the forces [using] against him , and he knew that mrs cartwright , as chairman of the association , carried enormous influence .

If it is hand operated somebody needs to be operating it and focusing on agreed events in the classroom .
if it is hand operated somebody needs to be [using] it and focusing on agreed events in the classroom .

The banks operate as principals ( operating their own accounts ) and as agents for their own customers .
the banks operate as principals ( [using] their own accounts ) and as agents for their own customers .

It forms a record of not only the resources allocated , but also those requested , and after a few months of operating the system the project leaders ' requests become realistic and they even strike agreements with each other on timing and amount of resources in advance of the meeting .
it forms a record of not only the resources allocated , but also those requested , and after a few months of [using] the system the project leaders ' requests become realistic and they even strike agreements with each other on timing and amount of resources in advance of the meeting .

It has stuck to an antiquated way of operating that harks back to the days of guild power , and has refused to countenance criticism .
it has stuck to an antiquated way of [using] that harks back to the days of guild power , and has refused to countenance criticism .

They might have mislaid the formula for operating over five days — December 1986 is the last time England beat anyone of any consequence when asked to bat and bowl for longer than 55 overs — but there is no getting away from their ability to play the negative stuff as well as anyone else .
they might have mislaid the formula for [using] over five days — december 1986 is the last time england beat anyone of any consequence when asked to bat and bowl for longer than 55 overs — but there is no getting away from their ability to play the negative stuff as well as anyone else .

We are now plainly operating on a Deutschmark standard , and the rise in British base rate to 15 per cent was dictated by the rise in German rates .
we are now plainly [using] on a deutschmark standard , and the rise in british base rate to 15 per cent was dictated by the rise in german rates .

But they were hardly doing badly , with their wide area of trading networks operating in Scandinavia , western and also eastern Europe .
but they were hardly doing badly , with their wide area of trading networks [using] in scandinavia , western and also eastern europe .

’ There were a number of skilled adults at Hambury operating the machines .
’ there were a number of skilled adults at hambury [using] the machines .

Beautiful as the chance encounter of a sewing machine and an umbrella upon an operating table .
beautiful as the chance encounter of a sewing machine and an umbrella upon an [using] table .

The Dewey factor — that last-minute revulsion which cost the Republican candidate the 1948 American presidential election — may have been operating .
the dewey factor — that last-minute revulsion which cost the republican candidate the 1948 american presidential election — may have been [using] .

The ventilator , improved and updated , is now standard equipment in most operating theatres around the world .
the ventilator , improved and updated , is now standard equipment in most [using] theatres around the world .

Operating profits almost halved anyway but the provisions turned an £83m pre-tax profit into a £2.7m loss .
[using] profits almost halved anyway but the provisions turned an £83m pre-tax profit into a £2.7m loss .

Later this month , it will announce an operating profit for the first quarter of 1992 , the second quarter running in which it has been profitable : the last quarter of 1991 produced a small profit of $80 million , although the year as a whole showed a $1.4 billion loss on turnover of $8.6 billion .
later this month , it will announce an [using] profit for the first quarter of 1992 , the second quarter running in which it has been profitable : the last quarter of 1991 produced a small profit of $80 million , although the year as a whole showed a $1.4 billion loss on turnover of $8.6 billion .

Its aim was to cut operating costs .
its aim was to cut [using] costs .

Although particulate traps can be made to work effectively for short periods under favourable conditions there is some way to go before they are reliable enough for the rough and tumble of ordinary operating conditions .
although particulate traps can be made to work effectively for short periods under favourable conditions there is some way to go before they are reliable enough for the rough and tumble of ordinary [using] conditions .

Not that it carries the equivalent of flab — merely that it needs extra strength because of its different combustion process operating under compression ratios twice that of petrol engines .
not that it carries the equivalent of flab — merely that it needs extra strength because of its different combustion process [using] under compression ratios twice that of petrol engines .

The savings on operating costs alone were immense , some experts putting it in the order of £2 million a year .
the savings on [using] costs alone were immense , some experts putting it in the order of £2 million a year .

It said that the study had proved that the capital and operating costs then being achieved made the advantages of diesel much less attractive and that the cost benefits had diminished .
it said that the study had proved that the capital and [using] costs then being achieved made the advantages of diesel much less attractive and that the cost benefits had diminished .

‘ Immediate action ’ was taken to cut operating costs , which were down 8 p.c .
‘ immediate action ’ was taken to cut [using] costs , which were down 8 p.c .

The company recovered from a disastrous first half where business fell because of the Gulf war to deliver an operating profit of £21.3m against a loss of £114m in 1990 .
the company recovered from a disastrous first half where business fell because of the gulf war to deliver an [using] profit of £21.3m against a loss of £114m in 1990 .

The weakness in passenger traffic , which fell 8 p.c last year , and operating losses have not prevented the airline from launching the most successful expansion programme among European airlines so far , in a bid to be among the few groups which are expected to survive deregulation over the next few years .
the weakness in passenger traffic , which fell 8 p.c last year , and [using] losses have not prevented the airline from launching the most successful expansion programme among european airlines so far , in a bid to be among the few groups which are expected to survive deregulation over the next few years .

There will be a carry forward of £285,364 to today 's Tote Jackpot pool operating on the Newmarket card , on which Twist And Turn may prove hardest to beat in the Fielden Stakes .
there will be a carry forward of £285,364 to today 's tote jackpot pool [using] on the newmarket card , on which twist and turn may prove hardest to beat in the fielden stakes .

In any case , this is no doubt the last time the Gooch–Micky Stewart partnership will be operating for England .
in any case , this is no doubt the last time the gooch–micky stewart partnership will be [using] for england .

It used to provide a first-rate local casualty service and routine operating sessions that , especially in hip replacement , really sliced through the waiting lists .
it used to provide a first-rate local casualty service and routine [using] sessions that , especially in hip replacement , really sliced through the waiting lists .

Japan , Taiwan and South Korea are the three countries most responsible for drift-netting , and are operating mainly in the North Pacific .
japan , taiwan and south korea are the three countries most responsible for drift-netting , and are [using] mainly in the north pacific .

Australia was also forced to take a stand on drift-netting when the establishment of the Australian Fishing Zone in 1979 brought under Australian jurisdiction a Taiwanese drift fleet that had been operating , since the mid 1970s , in what had previously been international waters in the Timor and Arafura Seas off northern Australia .
australia was also forced to take a stand on drift-netting when the establishment of the australian fishing zone in 1979 brought under australian jurisdiction a taiwanese drift fleet that had been [using] , since the mid 1970s , in what had previously been international waters in the timor and arafura seas off northern australia .

Although a dozen or more Japanese drift-netters had been operating in the Tasman Sea for the previous 5 years , their presence had practically gone unnoticed .
although a dozen or more japanese drift-netters had been [using] in the tasman sea for the previous 5 years , their presence had practically gone unnoticed .

In 1988 , 30–40 Spanish vessels were operating out of Algeciras and Almeria , and according to some estimates , as many as 800 Italian and French drift-net vessels , with a total net length exceeding 15,000 km ( about 10,000 miles ) , were fishing in the Mediterranean .
in 1988 , 30–40 spanish vessels were [using] out of algeciras and almeria , and according to some estimates , as many as 800 italian and french drift-net vessels , with a total net length exceeding 15,000 km ( about 10,000 miles ) , were fishing in the mediterranean .

After less than 5 years of this fishery operating in the Gulf , not only were the totoaba fish stocks in danger of collapse but the vaquita population was also severely depleted .
after less than 5 years of this fishery [using] in the gulf , not only were the totoaba fish stocks in danger of collapse but the vaquita population was also severely depleted .

This gas is better known to dental patients as laughing gas , but it is also a mainstay in the operating theatres of many hospitals .
this gas is better known to dental patients as laughing gas , but it is also a mainstay in the [using] theatres of many hospitals .

And yet , because of a shortage of telephone lines in the old east , and even though the government has a legal monopoly , it will allow the networks to go on operating for at least another year .
and yet , because of a shortage of telephone lines in the old east , and even though the government has a legal monopoly , it will allow the networks to go on [using] for at least another year .

They will cut their claims to an amount which can roughly be covered by the bank 's remaining assets of $ 2.8 billion while allowing it to carry on operating .
they will cut their claims to an amount which can roughly be covered by the bank 's remaining assets of $ 2.8 billion while allowing it to carry on [using] .

So how did Socinus see God 's forgiveness operating ?
so how did socinus see god 's forgiveness [using] ?

Italy : no nuclear plants operating following a November 1987 referendum .
italy : no nuclear plants [using] following a november 1987 referendum .

Not only did it emerge largely intact , it has been busy setting up shadowy ‘ national salvation committees ’ in whose name the army has been operating .
not only did it emerge largely intact , it has been busy setting up shadowy ‘ national salvation committees ’ in whose name the army has been [using] .

The Japanese reckon that there are currently 275,000 robots operating in Japan .
the japanese reckon that there are currently 275,000 robots [using] in japan .

Either figure dwarfs the 37,000 robots operating in American factories .
either figure dwarfs the 37,000 robots [using] in american factories .

Delta benefits from a modern fleet of aircraft with low operating costs .
delta benefits from a modern fleet of aircraft with low [using] costs .

On January 21st allied forces destroyed some Iraqi anti-aircraft batteries operating from oil rigs in the northern Gulf ; the next day American aircraft sank two Iraqi ships , one a minelayer .
on january 21st allied forces destroyed some iraqi anti-aircraft batteries [using] from oil rigs in the northern gulf ; the next day american aircraft sank two iraqi ships , one a minelayer .

America 's largest commercial bank , Citicorp , plans to lop $ 1.5 billion a year from its annual operating costs , twice the amount it announced in December .
america 's largest commercial bank , citicorp , plans to lop $ 1.5 billion a year from its annual [using] costs , twice the amount it announced in december .

Meanwhile the Fiat group announced a drop in operating profits of more than half , to 2.1 trillion lire ( $ 1.7 billion ) .
meanwhile the fiat group announced a drop in [using] profits of more than half , to 2.1 trillion lire ( $ 1.7 billion ) .

The whole system is now operating more efficiently .
the whole system is now [using] more efficiently .

For the money-centre banks , non-interest expenses as a percentage of operating revenue had reached 75 % by the end of the fourth quarter of last year , against 70 % one year before .
for the money-centre banks , non-interest expenses as a percentage of [using] revenue had reached 75 % by the end of the fourth quarter of last year , against 70 % one year before .

Having abolished its formal queue in September 1989 , the Bank of England is operating an informal ‘ calendar ’ for rights issues .
having abolished its formal queue in september 1989 , the bank of england is [using] an informal ‘ calendar ’ for rights issues .

Groups formed as a result of a parent company , such as Matsushita Electric , spinning off its own operating divisions to form separate companies within the same field to act as suppliers , distributors and even retailers .
groups formed as a result of a parent company , such as matsushita electric , spinning off its own [using] divisions to form separate companies within the same field to act as suppliers , distributors and even retailers .

Over 75 % of its operating profit ( 148.2 billion rupiah in 1989 ) comes from making and selling cars and motorbikes .
over 75 % of its [using] profit ( 148.2 billion rupiah in 1989 ) comes from making and selling cars and motorbikes .

Analysts ' best guesses are that the underlying operating profits of the big city banks will be down by as much as 30 % for the financial year now ending .
analysts ' best guesses are that the underlying [using] profits of the big city banks will be down by as much as 30 % for the financial year now ending .

Last year the consortium made its first ‘ operating profit ’ .
last year the consortium made its first ‘ [using] profit ’ .

The United Liberation Front of Assam is a Marxist outfit operating from the jungles of Myanmar ( Burma ) , and wants an independent country for the Assamese people .
the united liberation front of assam is a marxist outfit [using] from the jungles of myanmar ( burma ) , and wants an independent country for the assamese people .

It received net interest and dividends in the 1990 fiscal year that accounted for more than 20 % of its operating profits .
it received net interest and dividends in the 1990 fiscal year that accounted for more than 20 % of its [using] profits .

The gap between the operating incomes of Toyota , Honda and Nissan is not all that wide .
the gap between the [using] incomes of toyota , honda and nissan is not all that wide .

Mr Logsdon reckons Warner and Disney 's filmed-entertainment operations will probably produce $ 440m in operating cash flow this year ( before paying interest ) .
mr logsdon reckons warner and disney 's filmed-entertainment operations will probably produce $ 440m in [using] cash flow this year ( before paying interest ) .

As Anthony Alexander , the group 's chief operating officer in Britain , put it , ‘ If we think we can get more for them than they are worth to us , we will sell .
as anthony alexander , the group 's chief [using] officer in britain , put it , ‘ if we think we can get more for them than they are worth to us , we will sell .

Concurrent says the ultimate aim is to produce a supplier-independent , open operating system that will rank alongside Unix , and be complementary to it .
concurrent says the ultimate aim is to produce a supplier-independent , open [using] system that will rank alongside unix , and be complementary to it .

In the village of Dara , Rafiq is a legal businessman , one of 50 or so hashish traders operating side by side with the gun dealers .
in the village of dara , rafiq is a legal businessman , one of 50 or so hashish traders [using] side by side with the gun dealers .

This strategy is being made obsolete by Unix , an ‘ open ’ operating system that runs on hundreds of different computers from hundreds of different manufacturers , from micros and minis through mainframes to supercomputers .
this strategy is being made obsolete by unix , an ‘ open ’ [using] system that runs on hundreds of different computers from hundreds of different manufacturers , from micros and minis through mainframes to supercomputers .

If Guardian members receive an average £520 for giving the nod to a plan to allow their society to remain a mutual — and to continue operating much as it has since the turn of the century — what price a vote to convert ?
if guardian members receive an average £520 for giving the nod to a plan to allow their society to remain a mutual — and to continue [using] much as it has since the turn of the century — what price a vote to convert ?

Britain is a late runner in the modern tramway stakes , although such systems have been operating successfully for years in Continental cities .
britain is a late runner in the modern tramway stakes , although such systems have been [using] successfully for years in continental cities .

The company has an operating concession for 15 years .
the company has an [using] concession for 15 years .

It was reminiscent of one of those terrifying cases in which a hospital porter appears in court after donning a white coat , insinuating himself into the operating theatre , and setting to work on an appendix .
it was reminiscent of one of those terrifying cases in which a hospital porter appears in court after donning a white coat , insinuating himself into the [using] theatre , and setting to work on an appendix .

The system funds itself by operating on the Royal Bank of Canada 's over-the-counter exchange rates which are not as fine as those obtained by the institution itself .
the system funds itself by [using] on the royal bank of canada 's over-the-counter exchange rates which are not as fine as those obtained by the institution itself .

Management at Hunslet is acutely aware of the risks of operating in a sector acutely vulnerable to too much or too little government interference .
management at hunslet is acutely aware of the risks of [using] in a sector acutely vulnerable to too much or too little government interference .

The new generation of machines built around ever-more powerful chips are ready for a vastly more powerful operating system .
the new generation of machines built around ever-more powerful chips are ready for a vastly more powerful [using] system .

Then there is Unix , of course , the operating system of choice for minicomputer systems the world over .
then there is unix , of course , the [using] system of choice for minicomputer systems the world over .

This includes £250 million of property writedowns and a £100 million operating loss after interest payments of £100 million .
this includes £250 million of property writedowns and a £100 million [using] loss after interest payments of £100 million .

On top of all this , the United States Congress is planning laws to punish Japan for alleged discrimination against American securities houses operating in Japan .
on top of all this , the united states congress is planning laws to punish japan for alleged discrimination against american securities houses [using] in japan .

But undeterred , he can still visualise the enormous potential of a bank that even last year managed to make record operating profits of £2 billion , only to see ‘ almost all of it swept away by debt provisions ’ .
but undeterred , he can still visualise the enormous potential of a bank that even last year managed to make record [using] profits of £2 billion , only to see ‘ almost all of it swept away by debt provisions ’ .

He knew the feeling of old — operating outside the rules and hidden from the surveillance of his superiors .
he knew the feeling of old — [using] outside the rules and hidden from the surveillance of his superiors .

The big AGs ( PLCs ) have plenty of ‘ hidden reserves ’ because they are obliged to only reveal ‘ partial ’ operating profits publicly , so there is in fact much more money stashed away for takeovers than a glimpse at corporate balance sheets would suggest .
the big ags ( plcs ) have plenty of ‘ hidden reserves ’ because they are obliged to only reveal ‘ partial ’ [using] profits publicly , so there is in fact much more money stashed away for takeovers than a glimpse at corporate balance sheets would suggest .

The building — specifically designed to meet operating requirements of freight handlers — features the latest handling equipment , together with a 1.2 m. high loading dock ( with electrically-operating , insulating doors ) which runs the landside length of the building .
the building — specifically designed to meet [using] requirements of freight handlers — features the latest handling equipment , together with a 1.2 m. high loading dock ( with electrically-operating , insulating doors ) which runs the landside length of the building .

Put forward plans for a powerful United Nations Environment Programme to lead global efforts to protect the environment , operating within the framework of an ‘ Earth Charter ’ .
put forward plans for a powerful united nations environment programme to lead global efforts to protect the environment , [using] within the framework of an ‘ earth charter ’ .

The alteration of the airline or aircraft type operating your flights is not a major change and customers will not be specifically advised of such an operational amendment .
the alteration of the airline or aircraft type [using] your flights is not a major change and customers will not be specifically advised of such an operational amendment .

Educators , both from a professional and management position , must become much more involved in developing ( rather than simply operating ) these programmes which could form the basis of a real way forward .
educators , both from a professional and management position , must become much more involved in developing ( rather than simply [using] ) these programmes which could form the basis of a real way forward .

The school is operating a formula-based system within fairly rigid parameters .
the school is [using] a formula-based system within fairly rigid parameters .

Blake and Mouton 's analysis is effectively complemented by the best known of the contingency models — Adair 's ( 1983 ) model of action-centred leadership . Adair argues that any working situation produces three sets of needs for the people involved and therefore effective leadership is determined by the variables operating in a given situation :
blake and mouton 's analysis is effectively complemented by the best known of the contingency models — adair 's ( 1983 ) model of action-centred leadership . adair argues that any working situation produces three sets of needs for the people involved and therefore effective leadership is determined by the variables [using] in a given situation :

Labour 's National Investment Bank , operating on strictly commercial lines , will bring public and private sector together to invest in long-term regional and national infrastructure projects .
labour 's national investment bank , [using] on strictly commercial lines , will bring public and private sector together to invest in long-term regional and national infrastructure projects .

The choice of a steam engine was , for the time , quite logical and manifestly the best solution to the practical problems posed by operating the lift .
the choice of a steam engine was , for the time , quite logical and manifestly the best solution to the practical problems posed by [using] the lift .

Power could be obtained for operating these lifts by means of Oil Engines — which could be started and stopped according to the exigencies of the traffic — without loss or expense of continuous attention and waste of fuel .
power could be obtained for [using] these lifts by means of oil engines — which could be started and stopped according to the exigencies of the traffic — without loss or expense of continuous attention and waste of fuel .

Once a hierarchical order of open systems had come into being , natural selection , operating on the elaboration of new hierarchies and new cybernetics , became capable of generating states of greater heterogeneity with integrative systemic control .
once a hierarchical order of open systems had come into being , natural selection , [using] on the elaboration of new hierarchies and new cybernetics , became capable of generating states of greater heterogeneity with integrative systemic control .

Animals live in populations that are dispersed in characteristic ways in the environment , ways that can usually be interpreted as a function of the behaviour of individual members operating as strategies for survival and reproduction .
animals live in populations that are dispersed in characteristic ways in the environment , ways that can usually be interpreted as a function of the behaviour of individual members [using] as strategies for survival and reproduction .

When does it pay a young male to remain with his companions operating a preferred strategy of delayed takeover ?
when does it pay a young male to remain with his companions [using] a preferred strategy of delayed takeover ?

It is not just children who may be incapable of operating their own structuring within an exercise .
it is not just children who may be incapable of [using] their own structuring within an exercise .

The actor is operating virtually in a one-way communication pattern with little room for negotiating .
the actor is [using] virtually in a one-way communication pattern with little room for negotiating .

We will improve the way in which council housing is managed by bringing in new private sector providers operating on contract to the local authority .
we will improve the way in which council housing is managed by bringing in new private sector providers [using] on contract to the local authority .

Once you have decided to go the kit route , your first step is to send off a request to several manufacturers for illustrated brochures ( you will find a list of the major manufacturers at the end of the article , and it is also worth checking the Yellow Pages for firms operating in your area ) .
once you have decided to go the kit route , your first step is to send off a request to several manufacturers for illustrated brochures ( you will find a list of the major manufacturers at the end of the article , and it is also worth checking the yellow pages for firms [using] in your area ) .

If the pilot light goes out for any reason , a heat-sensing thermocouple detects the fault and prevents the main gas supply from operating .
if the pilot light goes out for any reason , a heat-sensing thermocouple detects the fault and prevents the main gas supply from [using] .

Major problems were n't likely now , and fortunately getting the new pan operating , even without the cistern , did n't take long .
major problems were n't likely now , and fortunately getting the new pan [using] , even without the cistern , did n't take long .

The Society is a Co-operative organisation operating for the benefit of its policyholders .
the society is a co-operative organisation [using] for the benefit of its policyholders .

damage caused by wear and tear , depreciation , rot , fungus , insects , vermin , atmospheric or climatic conditions or gradually operating cause ;
damage caused by wear and tear , depreciation , rot , fungus , insects , vermin , atmospheric or climatic conditions or gradually [using] cause ;

The kind of conventions which you can expect to find operating are :
the kind of conventions which you can expect to find [using] are :

The boy was taken into the operating theatre just before ten and Annette went home , the surgeon having promised to telephone her as soon as it was all over .
the boy was taken into the [using] theatre just before ten and annette went home , the surgeon having promised to telephone her as soon as it was all over .

Between them , the Waleses have established a way of operating over the last ten years that is unmistakably their own ; and quite unlike any other branch of the Royal Family .
between them , the waleses have established a way of [using] over the last ten years that is unmistakably their own ; and quite unlike any other branch of the royal family .

It is already operating in Wiltshire and other parts of the country .
it is already [using] in wiltshire and other parts of the country .

Senior officer Ken Sweeney said that the prison was already operating within the provisions of the new Food Safety Act : ‘ Although we do n't have to , we already invite in EHOs because we have nothing to hide and are open to advice . ’
senior officer ken sweeney said that the prison was already [using] within the provisions of the new food safety act : ‘ although we do n't have to , we already invite in ehos because we have nothing to hide and are open to advice . ’

Since last week 's article , May 's operating results for the Valley Hotel have been produced , showing a welcome increase in sales which indicate that the medium level sales shown in Tricon 's profit and loss projection are achievable .
since last week 's article , may 's [using] results for the valley hotel have been produced , showing a welcome increase in sales which indicate that the medium level sales shown in tricon 's profit and loss projection are achievable .

The need to cut operating costs will restrict the time , energy and financial resources available to promote the hotel .
the need to cut [using] costs will restrict the time , energy and financial resources available to promote the hotel .

The two weeks of training on the Soltau-Luneberg Training Area had given the Royal Scots the opportunity to test to the full those operating procedures and ideas that had been developed since the conversion to Warrior had started in the new year .
the two weeks of training on the soltau-luneberg training area had given the royal scots the opportunity to test to the full those [using] procedures and ideas that had been developed since the conversion to warrior had started in the new year .

Each of the two big Magirus Deutz diesel engines was inspected , along with all the operating controls , the propulsion system , including the big main propeller , and the myriad parts of the hydraulic system .
each of the two big magirus deutz diesel engines was inspected , along with all the [using] controls , the propulsion system , including the big main propeller , and the myriad parts of the hydraulic system .

The report said that the Met was scruffy , rude , and operating from shabby police stations .
the report said that the met was scruffy , rude , and [using] from shabby police stations .

Newell and Hepworth might define their own styles against those of Stoll and Ideal but , since neither was particularly successful , there was no pressure operating on the one to be more ‘ commercial , or the other to be more ‘ artistic ’ .
newell and hepworth might define their own styles against those of stoll and ideal but , since neither was particularly successful , there was no pressure [using] on the one to be more ‘ commercial , or the other to be more ‘ artistic ’ .

’ The quota , in short , forced some British filmmakers to be realistic about the economic constraints operating in British filmmaking , and to look to what could be achieved within them rather than simply hoping that film budgets could rise on some magic carpet to figures close to those of Hollywood pictures .
’ the quota , in short , forced some british filmmakers to be realistic about the economic constraints [using] in british filmmaking , and to look to what could be achieved within them rather than simply hoping that film budgets could rise on some magic carpet to figures close to those of hollywood pictures .

Been operating since this morning .
been [using] since this morning .

In Southend , where 3,000 of the 50,000 adult males are reckoned to be Masons , it went into the case of what you might call Preferential Allocation of Council Property , and the battle of one councillor , Christopher Hudson , to break the grip of the men on the Square : ‘ We ca n't have a secret society operating within the framework of a democracy , ’ he said .
in southend , where 3,000 of the 50,000 adult males are reckoned to be masons , it went into the case of what you might call preferential allocation of council property , and the battle of one councillor , christopher hudson , to break the grip of the men on the square : ‘ we ca n't have a secret society [using] within the framework of a democracy , ’ he said .

The only significant shortcoming in the Dearing report was its failure to assess the true cost of operating the system it proposed .
the only significant shortcoming in the dearing report was its failure to assess the true cost of [using] the system it proposed .

This was after the interest bill surged to £11.5m from £3.8m , negating operating profits .
this was after the interest bill surged to £11.5m from £3.8m , negating [using] profits .

Sales in the year to August grew by 19 per cent to £131m , while operating profits were up 17 per cent at £22.1m .
sales in the year to august grew by 19 per cent to £131m , while [using] profits were up 17 per cent at £22.1m .

Sales , on a like-for-like basis , were down nearly 10 per cent , with operating losses of £5.2m .
sales , on a like-for-like basis , were down nearly 10 per cent , with [using] losses of £5.2m .

An analysis of routine policing at least allows the possibility of empirical research being undertaken on police forces operating in divided societies , which is itself important because studies in the sociology of policing focus almost exclusively on police forces in stable liberal democracies .
an analysis of routine policing at least allows the possibility of empirical research being undertaken on police forces [using] in divided societies , which is itself important because studies in the sociology of policing focus almost exclusively on police forces in stable liberal democracies .

Sensitive leniency is not the only principle operating , however , for constables also need to avoid being ‘ taken for a ride ’ by an unrealistic excuse which makes them look foolish . For example , a car was stopped for speeding or ‘ flying low ’ , and upon returning to the police vehicle the constable related the following considerations which influenced his assessment :
sensitive leniency is not the only principle [using] , however , for constables also need to avoid being ‘ taken for a ride ’ by an unrealistic excuse which makes them look foolish . for example , a car was stopped for speeding or ‘ flying low ’ , and upon returning to the police vehicle the constable related the following considerations which influenced his assessment :

The main constraint operating on the community relations police in West Belfast is in establishing contact with youth groups and schools in the area because of either a general resistance to the police or fear of intimidation from Republican paramilitary organizations as a result of involvement in a community relations programme .
the main constraint [using] on the community relations police in west belfast is in establishing contact with youth groups and schools in the area because of either a general resistance to the police or fear of intimidation from republican paramilitary organizations as a result of involvement in a community relations programme .

The stitching is done holding the needles with tweezers with the surgeons wearing special operating glasses .
the stitching is done holding the needles with tweezers with the surgeons wearing special [using] glasses .

’ 'He 's a collector , ’ says another , ‘ but he 's really operating like a dealer .
’ 'he 's a collector , ’ says another , ‘ but he 's really [using] like a dealer .

For the past 13 years Polisario , operating in jeeps across the semi-desert , has mounted surprise attacks on the huge sand wall which runs across the country .
for the past 13 years polisario , [using] in jeeps across the semi-desert , has mounted surprise attacks on the huge sand wall which runs across the country .

The new actor is generally operating in top gear and if this momentum is stopped it can be very damaging to the morale and can result in an actor 's technical skills going rusty — something to be avoided at all costs .
the new actor is generally [using] in top gear and if this momentum is stopped it can be very damaging to the morale and can result in an actor 's technical skills going rusty — something to be avoided at all costs .

Only an idealized observer could see both the inner processing and the causal relations of the symbols to outside objects that give them meaning : no one could actually be that idealized observer , because each observer is confined to operating on the symbols that are within his computational machinery , and this excludes their external causal relations .
only an idealized observer could see both the inner processing and the causal relations of the symbols to outside objects that give them meaning : no one could actually be that idealized observer , because each observer is confined to [using] on the symbols that are within his computational machinery , and this excludes their external causal relations .

Neurons do not individually have the property of consciousness , consciousness emerges when a large number of neurons are interacting in the right kind of way ; just as speed is a property not of any single component of a car , but an emergent property of the whole system when it is operating in an appropriate way .
neurons do not individually have the property of consciousness , consciousness emerges when a large number of neurons are interacting in the right kind of way ; just as speed is a property not of any single component of a car , but an emergent property of the whole system when it is [using] in an appropriate way .

The pilot should be able to feel the geometric lock operating just after the airbrakes are flush with the wing surface .
the pilot should be able to feel the geometric lock [using] just after the airbrakes are flush with the wing surface .

They are indicative not only of the strength of current Roman catholic social rules and sense of obedience on specified issues at the level of popular religion , but also of the direct power of the hierarchy operating through the state in affairs they considered sacred .
they are indicative not only of the strength of current roman catholic social rules and sense of obedience on specified issues at the level of popular religion , but also of the direct power of the hierarchy [using] through the state in affairs they considered sacred .

At their trial , the judge is believed to have added 25 per cent to each sentence specifically because the police had carried out the attack while operating in their official capacity .
at their trial , the judge is believed to have added 25 per cent to each sentence specifically because the police had carried out the attack while [using] in their official capacity .

These programs are part of the operating system — the set of commands which come with the computer and allow you to communicate with it .
these programs are part of the [using] system — the set of commands which come with the computer and allow you to communicate with it .

But since the early 1980s , chilled fresh pasta has also been on the market , from large and small suppliers operating on both national and regional bases .
but since the early 1980s , chilled fresh pasta has also been on the market , from large and small suppliers [using] on both national and regional bases .

These are automatically silenced at night and may be silenced manually at any time by operating levers which are neatly and unobtrusively located on the hand-crafted dial .
these are automatically silenced at night and may be silenced manually at any time by [using] levers which are neatly and unobtrusively located on the hand-crafted dial .

In general , the inquisition saw Morrissey operating in his perfect role .
in general , the inquisition saw morrissey [using] in his perfect role .

Usually , his penis is then packed in ice — and he may well have to be taken to the operating theatre to have the blood clot removed from inside it .
usually , his penis is then packed in ice — and he may well have to be taken to the [using] theatre to have the blood clot removed from inside it .

( i ) The highest possible operating convenience and efficiency ; ( ii ) Easy and direct means of access and egress for passengers and vehicles ; ( iii ) The standardization of construction and equipment as far as the site and circumstances permit ; ( iv ) Its immediate recognition as a railway station within the limits of harmony with its surrounding .
( i ) the highest possible [using] convenience and efficiency ; ( ii ) easy and direct means of access and egress for passengers and vehicles ; ( iii ) the standardization of construction and equipment as far as the site and circumstances permit ; ( iv ) its immediate recognition as a railway station within the limits of harmony with its surrounding .

This aims to produce an annual income looking fifty years ahead which must be sufficient to make up the operating deficit .
this aims to produce an annual income looking fifty years ahead which must be sufficient to make up the [using] deficit .

While it may not now be possible fully to recover their critique of mass culture from the totalizing force of its own negative rhetoric , it is at least possible to regret the ease with which it has been adopted as the convenient apostasy of a new rhetoric , operating as a kind of semaphore , signalling correct positions across great distances with a simplified and purely functional code .
while it may not now be possible fully to recover their critique of mass culture from the totalizing force of its own negative rhetoric , it is at least possible to regret the ease with which it has been adopted as the convenient apostasy of a new rhetoric , [using] as a kind of semaphore , signalling correct positions across great distances with a simplified and purely functional code .

The corollary to this was that a unit operating according to such principles would have to be trained to arrive on the scene of an operation by every practical method from land , sea or air .
the corollary to this was that a unit [using] according to such principles would have to be trained to arrive on the scene of an operation by every practical method from land , sea or air .

Jock instilled into us that the end product of our training was for us to become independent in every way , operating either alone or in very small groups .
jock instilled into us that the end product of our training was for us to become independent in every way , [using] either alone or in very small groups .

Being short of supplies he had to wait , but estimated that he would arrive in his operating area on 22 December .
being short of supplies he had to wait , but estimated that he would arrive in his [using] area on 22 december .

Stirling had not been told that such a unit was operating in the target area , despite the fact that its presence might stir up the enemy .
stirling had not been told that such a unit was [using] in the target area , despite the fact that its presence might stir up the enemy .

He had discussed this with a certain Colonel Hazelden who had been operating as an agent in the Tobruk area .
he had discussed this with a certain colonel hazelden who had been [using] as an agent in the tobruk area .

Mrs Popple lay on the operating table .
mrs popple lay on the [using] table .

Pickfords marketing man Andrew Jones drew attention to the company 's discounting policy , operating until the end of February , and put forward three options .
pickfords marketing man andrew jones drew attention to the company 's discounting policy , [using] until the end of february , and put forward three options .

No subway system in the world ( save Hong Kong 's ) makes a profit ; in Rome , 82 per cent of public transport operating costs are met by public subsidy , in Paris , 52 per cent .
no subway system in the world ( save hong kong 's ) makes a profit ; in rome , 82 per cent of public transport [using] costs are met by public subsidy , in paris , 52 per cent .

It is either going to be physically rationed or price rationed … prices are too low anyway , since we still have to have an operating subsidy , and that is not in line with the long-term political trend … ’ So , a yearly 10 per cent rise in fares for the next five years .
it is either going to be physically rationed or price rationed … prices are too low anyway , since we still have to have an [using] subsidy , and that is not in line with the long-term political trend … ’ so , a yearly 10 per cent rise in fares for the next five years .

In Scotland about half of the 600 boats currently operating could be severely affected .
in scotland about half of the 600 boats currently [using] could be severely affected .

The Head Office is based at Abingdon with a further three branches operating from Didcot , Wallingford and Witney .
the head office is based at abingdon with a further three branches [using] from didcot , wallingford and witney .

According to the Yugoslav news agency , Tanjug , which still has one of the few non-Romanian journalists operating out of the country , the committee consists of lawyers , artists , and workers , but there is still no sign of a leader or a programme .
according to the yugoslav news agency , tanjug , which still has one of the few non-romanian journalists [using] out of the country , the committee consists of lawyers , artists , and workers , but there is still no sign of a leader or a programme .

Local authorities will be given new powers over a second tier of less heavily polluting processes , which will only be allowed to take place after councils have imposed stringent operating conditions .
local authorities will be given new powers over a second tier of less heavily polluting processes , which will only be allowed to take place after councils have imposed stringent [using] conditions .

In the 1950s he joined the Shin Bet internal security service and by the early 1960s was operating secretly in Europe , running agents into Arab countries for Mossad .
in the 1950s he joined the shin bet internal security service and by the early 1960s was [using] secretly in europe , running agents into arab countries for mossad .

The transmission uses the existing gearbox and gear lever , and retains the exposed gate operating via an electrically controlled clutch that regulates the speed of the change via the position of the accelerator pedal .
the transmission uses the existing gearbox and gear lever , and retains the exposed gate [using] via an electrically controlled clutch that regulates the speed of the change via the position of the accelerator pedal .

Then , as now , we had a car fitted with the optional Laycock overdrive , operating on third and top ; then as now it emphasised the low-speed/high-gear flexibility but did show up a big gap between second and third — a gap of over 30mph in maxima .
then , as now , we had a car fitted with the optional laycock overdrive , [using] on third and top ; then as now it emphasised the low-speed/high-gear flexibility but did show up a big gap between second and third — a gap of over 30mph in maxima .

The ‘ Stage 3 ’ multinational company , operating as a network of autonomous or semi-autonomous units , is seen as an outcome of European expansion before World War 2 .
the ‘ stage 3 ’ multinational company , [using] as a network of autonomous or semi-autonomous units , is seen as an outcome of european expansion before world war 2 .

Yet there is greater emphasis in the transnational company model on the complete integration and interdependence of operating structures .
yet there is greater emphasis in the transnational company model on the complete integration and interdependence of [using] structures .

international marketing research efforts ought to be controlled from the headquarters of the multinational . Research tasks will be delegated to operating subsidiaries in each country , but co-ordination and control should be tasks of head office ;
international marketing research efforts ought to be controlled from the headquarters of the multinational . research tasks will be delegated to [using] subsidiaries in each country , but co-ordination and control should be tasks of head office ;

head office will then have to channel the results of international marketing research back to its operating subsidiaries .
head office will then have to channel the results of international marketing research back to its [using] subsidiaries .

for the British , this meant state-owned airlines flying state-developed aircraft operating on agreed internationally controlled routes and frequencies .
for the british , this meant state-owned airlines flying state-developed aircraft [using] on agreed internationally controlled routes and frequencies .

No other party of the right operating within a mass electoral system has equalled this achievement , and in recent years the only institution which has matched the Conservatives in terms of the monotonous regularity of their success is Liverpool Football Club .
no other party of the right [using] within a mass electoral system has equalled this achievement , and in recent years the only institution which has matched the conservatives in terms of the monotonous regularity of their success is liverpool football club .

We get £28 a week whether we are sitting at a machine all day or operating heavy presses .
we get £28 a week whether we are sitting at a machine all day or [using] heavy presses .

You see the same thing in our kind of business , but we 've really been operating in international markets for much longer and it 's a slower process .
you see the same thing in our kind of business , but we 've really been [using] in international markets for much longer and it 's a slower process .

Operating in an international market , what you do is dictated by the moves your competitors in the confectionery and soft drinks markets are making .
[using] in an international market , what you do is dictated by the moves your competitors in the confectionery and soft drinks markets are making .

Also , we have something that is very unique and that is a design group that provides a design service at arm 's length to each of the operating companies .
also , we have something that is very unique and that is a design group that provides a design service at arm 's length to each of the [using] companies .

The Habitat-Mothercare group reduced the risk of offending against local custom when it entered the Japanese market by operating a franchise through an established Japanese retail group called Siebu .
the habitat-mothercare group reduced the risk of offending against local custom when it entered the japanese market by [using] a franchise through an established japanese retail group called siebu .

Perhaps surprisingly , Conran 's management style and operating methods have changed little in the light of his vast experience .
perhaps surprisingly , conran 's management style and [using] methods have changed little in the light of his vast experience .

The project involved an in-depth analysis of British Steel 's operating units to examine how they stood against international competition .
the project involved an in-depth analysis of british steel 's [using] units to examine how they stood against international competition .

The implementation of the rationalisation programme left a lasting impression on Finniston which was to influence his future operating style .
the implementation of the rationalisation programme left a lasting impression on finniston which was to influence his future [using] style .

He had a lot to learn about operating methods from the people on the shop floor , but he could also pass on to them the fruits of his university education .
he had a lot to learn about [using] methods from the people on the shop floor , but he could also pass on to them the fruits of his university education .

This is a fate Roddick has avoided by operating most of her shops under a franchise system .
this is a fate roddick has avoided by [using] most of her shops under a franchise system .

She nevertheless keeps a tight control on the products , the shop displays , training and the operating style of the shops .
she nevertheless keeps a tight control on the products , the shop displays , training and the [using] style of the shops .

She refused to listen to the Jeremiahs who predicted she would have to change her operating style once her company came under the scrutiny of the Stock Exchange .
she refused to listen to the jeremiahs who predicted she would have to change her [using] style once her company came under the scrutiny of the stock exchange .

The local committees varied greatly in their composition and operating procedures , some of which were highly unusual .
the local committees varied greatly in their composition and [using] procedures , some of which were highly unusual .

Although this is not in itself to be dismissed as a tactic , it has diminished the complexity of Kahlo 's achievement as a specifically Mexican painter , operating within the particularities of her historical moment .
although this is not in itself to be dismissed as a tactic , it has diminished the complexity of kahlo 's achievement as a specifically mexican painter , [using] within the particularities of her historical moment .

In a similar way , exponents of anything fitting the nebulous description New Acoustic Roots ( and its variants ) should keep a keen eye on Folk Roots magazine ( monthly ) for potential sympathizers ; jazz practitioners should get the studious Wire ( monthly ) and those operating in the more popular black fields of soul , funk , rock or rap should follow the perennial Echoes ( weekly , formerly Black Echoes ) or Blues and Soul ( biweekly ) .
in a similar way , exponents of anything fitting the nebulous description new acoustic roots ( and its variants ) should keep a keen eye on folk roots magazine ( monthly ) for potential sympathizers ; jazz practitioners should get the studious wire ( monthly ) and those [using] in the more popular black fields of soul , funk , rock or rap should follow the perennial echoes ( weekly , formerly black echoes ) or blues and soul ( biweekly ) .

Reasonable jobs , best suit on Sundays and parlours as clean as operating theatres .
reasonable jobs , best suit on sundays and parlours as clean as [using] theatres .

An informal producer is always difficult to define but it is used here to describe an owner or an employee of a small-scale enterprise comprising less than ten people , operating from an impermanent site , under an ill-defined registration and tax scheme .
an informal producer is always difficult to define but it is used here to describe an owner or an employee of a small-scale enterprise comprising less than ten people , [using] from an impermanent site , under an ill-defined registration and tax scheme .

In Ghana at Suame Magazine in the city of Kumasi , about 5,000 craftsmen operating in makeshift sheds , in small garages , and in workshops , offer a complete repair service to Ghana 's fleet of ageing vehicles , all suffering badly from a ten-year shortage of spare parts .
in ghana at suame magazine in the city of kumasi , about 5,000 craftsmen [using] in makeshift sheds , in small garages , and in workshops , offer a complete repair service to ghana 's fleet of ageing vehicles , all suffering badly from a ten-year shortage of spare parts .

If , however , they were too pessimistic this should have been belied in the subsequent years since the Nigerian Indigenization Decree of 1972 , implemented from February 1974 , which reserved twenty-six activities in large-scale industry exclusively for Nigerian ownership ; foreign companies operating in these businesses had to sell out .
if , however , they were too pessimistic this should have been belied in the subsequent years since the nigerian indigenization decree of 1972 , implemented from february 1974 , which reserved twenty-six activities in large-scale industry exclusively for nigerian ownership ; foreign companies [using] in these businesses had to sell out .

But the constraints on their existence implied by operating from open waste land or shacks have created a situation where they have little security , and the owners of such enterprises are discouraged from reinvesting a high proportion of their profits back into the business .
but the constraints on their existence implied by [using] from open waste land or shacks have created a situation where they have little security , and the owners of such enterprises are discouraged from reinvesting a high proportion of their profits back into the business .

This market will be appropriate to the skills and operating style of both the farmers and artisans who will meet its demands .
this market will be appropriate to the skills and [using] style of both the farmers and artisans who will meet its demands .

Operating expenditure increased by £295,048 , an increase of 12.0 % .
[using] expenditure increased by £295,048 , an increase of 12.0 % .

The quatrain poems identify in man lowest common denominators operating below the level of any ‘ savage philosopher 's ’ thought .
the quatrain poems identify in man lowest common denominators [using] below the level of any ‘ savage philosopher 's ’ thought .

The development of exploitation also leads to the formation of ideas , concepts , values , and institutions , but these , unlike those produced by the first process , are geared to operating exploitation , and involve giving the appearance of legitimacy to exploitation , as well as hiding its true nature from the exploited .
the development of exploitation also leads to the formation of ideas , concepts , values , and institutions , but these , unlike those produced by the first process , are geared to [using] exploitation , and involve giving the appearance of legitimacy to exploitation , as well as hiding its true nature from the exploited .

The consciousness of the dominant class is adapted to the need of operating the domination of this class .
the consciousness of the dominant class is adapted to the need of [using] the domination of this class .

It remains unclear to what extent the rebels thought they were operating with America 's blessing .
it remains unclear to what extent the rebels thought they were [using] with america 's blessing .

The figures were helped by a review of the group 's stocks , both in television programmes and in paintings and prints , which added £1.1m to operating profits .
the figures were helped by a review of the group 's stocks , both in television programmes and in paintings and prints , which added £1.1m to [using] profits .

In 1988 Medi-Physics made operating losses of $7.4m on sales of $53.2m and its unaudited net assets at the end of August were $63.2m .
in 1988 medi-physics made [using] losses of $7.4m on sales of $53.2m and its unaudited net assets at the end of august were $63.2m .

Mike Blackburn , chief executive , commented : ‘ We will be able to reduce operating costs , increase branch profitability and take advantage of areas where there is more potential .
mike blackburn , chief executive , commented : ‘ we will be able to reduce [using] costs , increase branch profitability and take advantage of areas where there is more potential .

‘ Many many millions of pounds ’ have been lost by small stand-alone outlets and Next 's 15 large stores operating from over 10,000sq ft .
‘ many many millions of pounds ’ have been lost by small stand-alone outlets and next 's 15 large stores [using] from over 10,000sq ft .

Most small outlets will be closed and the large stores reduced in size with perhaps four closures leaving Next as a medium-sized specialist retailer operating from 3,000sq ft to 4,000sq ft stores .
most small outlets will be closed and the large stores reduced in size with perhaps four closures leaving next as a medium-sized specialist retailer [using] from 3,000sq ft to 4,000sq ft stores .

The price he is offering is fair , based on operating profits without liquidiating the airline , said analyst Louis Marckesano of Philadelphia 's Janney Scott Montgomery .
the price he is offering is fair , based on [using] profits without liquidiating the airline , said analyst louis marckesano of philadelphia 's janney scott montgomery .

Worswick is anxious , however , that ‘ in moving to a more commercial way of operating , we should retain our underlying scientific strengths ’ .
worswick is anxious , however , that ‘ in moving to a more commercial way of [using] , we should retain our underlying scientific strengths ’ .

Rhône-Poulenc announced a rise in operating profits of 8.1 per cent during the first nine months of 1991 to FFr 4887m ( £1 = FFr9.68 ) , despite a persistently poor economic climate .
rhône-poulenc announced a rise in [using] profits of 8.1 per cent during the first nine months of 1991 to ffr 4887m ( £1 = ffr9.68 ) , despite a persistently poor economic climate .

Ciba-Geigy is considering its Huningue works , Alsace , France , as a possible location for the Biotechnikum multi-purpose biotechnology centre , and is to submit building and operating permits to French authorities .
ciba-geigy is considering its huningue works , alsace , france , as a possible location for the biotechnikum multi-purpose biotechnology centre , and is to submit building and [using] permits to french authorities .

giving a wide range of user options — the System 16 offers at least 128 different operating modes .
giving a wide range of user options — the system 16 offers at least 128 different [using] modes .

The System 16 is a rack mounted system with 16 alarm modules , while the System 4 is a small wall-mounted sensor monitoring system designed for up to 4 remote sensors and up to 85 different operating modes .
the system 16 is a rack mounted system with 16 alarm modules , while the system 4 is a small wall-mounted sensor monitoring system designed for up to 4 remote sensors and up to 85 different [using] modes .

In order to ensure that the Society is operating as efficiently as possible , Council asked the secretary general to arrange for a management review of the efficient working of all areas of the Society .
in order to ensure that the society is [using] as efficiently as possible , council asked the secretary general to arrange for a management review of the efficient working of all areas of the society .

Valium use , furthermore , focuses on individual malfunctioning : social and economic problems are dealt with in a framework of a medical model of relief of individual distress , alleviating symptoms rather than operating in a social context which may require familial or wider social change .
valium use , furthermore , focuses on individual malfunctioning : social and economic problems are dealt with in a framework of a medical model of relief of individual distress , alleviating symptoms rather than [using] in a social context which may require familial or wider social change .

Added to which , the world insists on greater attention to environmental performance , ‘ and that means our operating and capital costs are rising every day ’ .
added to which , the world insists on greater attention to environmental performance , ‘ and that means our [using] and capital costs are rising every day ’ .

Dow Europe has started operating its new styrene-4 complex in Terneuzen , The Netherlands .
dow europe has started [using] its new styrene-4 complex in terneuzen , the netherlands .

An instrument for structural studies by using ion scattering and recoiling should be capable of varying the scattering ( θ ) , beam incident ( α ) , and crystal azimuthal ( δ ) angles — ie the angle between the primary ion beam direction and the crystallographic axes — ( see Fig. 1 ) ; generating a pulsed kiloelectronvolt ion beam of low fluence ; efficiently detecting ions and neutrals ; and operating in an ultrahigh vacuum ( 10 -10 Torr ) .
an instrument for structural studies by using ion scattering and recoiling should be capable of varying the scattering ( θ ) , beam incident ( α ) , and crystal azimuthal ( δ ) angles — ie the angle between the primary ion beam direction and the crystallographic axes — ( see fig. 1 ) ; generating a pulsed kiloelectronvolt ion beam of low fluence ; efficiently detecting ions and neutrals ; and [using] in an ultrahigh vacuum ( 10 -10 torr ) .

Perhaps the strongest statements to this effect can be found in the report relating to Jasmine Beckford 's death : ‘ We are strongly of the view that social work can in fact be defined only in terms of the functions required of it by their employing agency operating within a statutory framework ’ ( London Borough of Brent , 1985 , p. 12 ) .
perhaps the strongest statements to this effect can be found in the report relating to jasmine beckford 's death : ‘ we are strongly of the view that social work can in fact be defined only in terms of the functions required of it by their employing agency [using] within a statutory framework ’ ( london borough of brent , 1985 , p. 12 ) .

The Nazi regime made a travesty of welfare and of youth policy and subjected every conceivable aspect to ideological purposes and to control by central government even where private organizations were allowed to continue operating .
the nazi regime made a travesty of welfare and of youth policy and subjected every conceivable aspect to ideological purposes and to control by central government even where private organizations were allowed to continue [using] .

The ‘ referral chain ' can comprise both individuals acting as private citizens and professionals operating on behalf of agencies .
the ‘ referral chain ' can comprise both individuals acting as private citizens and professionals [using] on behalf of agencies .

At its zenith the programme was embarking on 8 new projects per year and , despite a slowdown from the breakneck pace of the late 1970s , by 1990 France will have about 70 operating nuclear installations .
at its zenith the programme was embarking on 8 new projects per year and , despite a slowdown from the breakneck pace of the late 1970s , by 1990 france will have about 70 [using] nuclear installations .

But the legislation does make it clear that they will be operating in a Church which has declared that it is right to ordain women to the Priesthood and does so ordain them .
but the legislation does make it clear that they will be [using] in a church which has declared that it is right to ordain women to the priesthood and does so ordain them .

Haskell was almost immediately criticised , however , for operating on an untheorised assumption of a direct relation between representations of women in the world of cinematic fantasy ( the ‘ dream-machine ’ ) and real women in the world of social and economic relations .
haskell was almost immediately criticised , however , for [using] on an untheorised assumption of a direct relation between representations of women in the world of cinematic fantasy ( the ‘ dream-machine ’ ) and real women in the world of social and economic relations .

Sales almost doubled from £61.9m to £120m for the year to 30 June , but operating margins fell sharply and pre-tax profits rose just five per cent to £7.29m .
sales almost doubled from £61.9m to £120m for the year to 30 june , but [using] margins fell sharply and pre-tax profits rose just five per cent to £7.29m .

The receiver has gone in at only the parent company , and Sharp yesterday made it clear that seven of its 15 operating subsidiaries were going concerns .
the receiver has gone in at only the parent company , and sharp yesterday made it clear that seven of its 15 [using] subsidiaries were going concerns .

Corporate overheads in the first half were cut from $ 8m to $ 7.7m , and total operating income rose from $ 13.3m to £16.2m .
corporate overheads in the first half were cut from $ 8m to $ 7.7m , and total [using] income rose from $ 13.3m to £16.2m .

The report says that recent judicial investigations in Colombia have established that political killings have been planned and organised by army officers and carried out by irregular groups operating on behalf of the armed forces .
the report says that recent judicial investigations in colombia have established that political killings have been planned and organised by army officers and carried out by irregular groups [using] on behalf of the armed forces .

These stipulated that any person operating in British waters must not only be resident in Britain but should also be a British citizen and that the ship should be British-owned .
these stipulated that any person [using] in british waters must not only be resident in britain but should also be a british citizen and that the ship should be british-owned .

What is new is that we have moved from too few qualified nurses coming to work in the operating theatres , to not enough people entering nursing .
what is new is that we have moved from too few qualified nurses coming to work in the [using] theatres , to not enough people entering nursing .

Property price inflation lifted turnover and operating profits , but costs also increased steeply , with interest charges leaping from £1.236m to £3.94m , reducing the pre-tax result .
property price inflation lifted turnover and [using] profits , but costs also increased steeply , with interest charges leaping from £1.236m to £3.94m , reducing the pre-tax result .

The big food chains are now showing more interest in buying British , he says but are operating in a competitive environment and need to define their margins and their supply lines .
the big food chains are now showing more interest in buying british , he says but are [using] in a competitive environment and need to define their margins and their supply lines .

‘ It is extraordinary how many producers have no measure of the physical and financial performances of their own flocks , or those achieved by others operating under similar conditions , ’ said Mr Morgan , who operated one of three computer terminals used to give farmers visiting the show some ideas to improve efficiency and profit .
‘ it is extraordinary how many producers have no measure of the physical and financial performances of their own flocks , or those achieved by others [using] under similar conditions , ’ said mr morgan , who operated one of three computer terminals used to give farmers visiting the show some ideas to improve efficiency and profit .

Operating depth can be varied between 30mm and 150mm ( 1 and 6in ) .
[using] depth can be varied between 30mm and 150mm ( 1 and 6in ) .

Table 2 : Comparison of slurry application times for tanker and umbilical injection equipment with conventional surface application , operating in a 10ha field situated 500m from slurry store .
table 2 : comparison of slurry application times for tanker and umbilical injection equipment with conventional surface application , [using] in a 10ha field situated 500m from slurry store .

Table 3 : Computer model illustrating operating costs of alternative disposal options , both with and without grant aid , on a mixed farm producing 10cu m of pig slurry and 6cu m of cattle slurry/day ( 1,500 pigs and 100 dairy cattle ) .
table 3 : computer model illustrating [using] costs of alternative disposal options , both with and without grant aid , on a mixed farm producing 10cu m of pig slurry and 6cu m of cattle slurry/day ( 1,500 pigs and 100 dairy cattle ) .

Still , even operating in small change every night was expensive .
still , even [using] in small change every night was expensive .

Thirdly , it is also possible that the advances in birth control operating within the climate of an ‘ acquisitive society ’ might well have permitted couples to plan their family lives in such a way as to allow them to enjoy the consumer benefits of society .
thirdly , it is also possible that the advances in birth control [using] within the climate of an ‘ acquisitive society ’ might well have permitted couples to plan their family lives in such a way as to allow them to enjoy the consumer benefits of society .

Sir Stafford Cripps linked the two movements by operating in both .
sir stafford cripps linked the two movements by [using] in both .

He had been under the erroneous impression that Europe was just one big common market , similar in size to the United States , operating under free trade concepts , and with common laws , rules and regulations .
he had been under the erroneous impression that europe was just one big common market , similar in size to the united states , [using] under free trade concepts , and with common laws , rules and regulations .

Unfortunately the practical problems of operating a large plant in Ireland were totally unrelated to the glowing words in the glossy literature , and to the enchanting phrases which slid so eloquently off the honeyed tongues of Ministers and officials .
unfortunately the practical problems of [using] a large plant in ireland were totally unrelated to the glowing words in the glossy literature , and to the enchanting phrases which slid so eloquently off the honeyed tongues of ministers and officials .

It was not until the 1880s that a number of new factors operating together began to change the prospect for the better .
it was not until the 1880s that a number of new factors [using] together began to change the prospect for the better .

Often wall mounted in or near the working area they can be a useful provision provided they are kept clean , emptied after use and operating temperatures are maintained .
often wall mounted in or near the working area they can be a useful provision provided they are kept clean , emptied after use and [using] temperatures are maintained .

It must be highly effective against a wide range of micro-organisms on a wide variety of surfaces and operating conditions while being fast acting and unaffected by any cleaning product or other residues which may be present during application .
it must be highly effective against a wide range of micro-organisms on a wide variety of surfaces and [using] conditions while being fast acting and unaffected by any cleaning product or other residues which may be present during application .

But there are several small highly competent organisations , operating on a regional basis , that can provide the necessary level of service .
but there are several small highly competent organisations , [using] on a regional basis , that can provide the necessary level of service .

Output is constant and can be infinitely varied within operating limits by vernier screws .
output is constant and can be infinitely varied within [using] limits by vernier screws .

Some models have a secondary pump which can allow the collection tank to drain while the machine is still operating thus allowing extended periods of continuous running .
some models have a secondary pump which can allow the collection tank to drain while the machine is still [using] thus allowing extended periods of continuous running .

Given a correctly operating system advantages are considerable .
given a correctly [using] system advantages are considerable .

Check all functions are operating correctly by pressing each selection button in sequence then close the cabinet and wipe the exterior .
check all functions are [using] correctly by pressing each selection button in sequence then close the cabinet and wipe the exterior .

From a more conventional approach which encompasses land use , maps of soil erosion , and the designation of technically feasible conservation measures which can be accepted within the constraints operating upon land-users — a difficult enough task in itself — an expansion is suggested to the present programme which seems to involve the political economy of the whole world in every instance of soil erosion .
from a more conventional approach which encompasses land use , maps of soil erosion , and the designation of technically feasible conservation measures which can be accepted within the constraints [using] upon land-users — a difficult enough task in itself — an expansion is suggested to the present programme which seems to involve the political economy of the whole world in every instance of soil erosion .

But there is no interconnection between these moments : although there is a recognizable Mr Palomar throughout , operating in a recognizably similar environment from one piece to the next , there is no attempt to construct a coherent and consistent account from his scattered observations .
but there is no interconnection between these moments : although there is a recognizable mr palomar throughout , [using] in a recognizably similar environment from one piece to the next , there is no attempt to construct a coherent and consistent account from his scattered observations .

All this has provided an extremely favourable operating environment for companies involved in leisure .
all this has provided an extremely favourable [using] environment for companies involved in leisure .

The total costs are now estimated at £25 million capital costs , plus either ] £10 million or £16 million needed for the endowment necessary to fund the operating costs of the extended library and the permanent outhousing of 50 staff .
the total costs are now estimated at £25 million capital costs , plus either ] £10 million or £16 million needed for the endowment necessary to fund the [using] costs of the extended library and the permanent outhousing of 50 staff .

An agricultural relief committee was established in 1983 by a handful of young agricultural engineers , some of whom had already been working with ‘ the voluntary work committees ’ , a network of skilled and unskilled workers which had been operating since the mid-1970s .
an agricultural relief committee was established in 1983 by a handful of young agricultural engineers , some of whom had already been working with ‘ the voluntary work committees ’ , a network of skilled and unskilled workers which had been [using] since the mid-1970s .

Simon Murison-Bowie wrote to you on 22 December last year asking you to let us know the operating system and machine you would run the tape on , and the tape density you would need , so that we could arrange for a copy to be prepared for you .
simon murison-bowie wrote to you on 22 december last year asking you to let us know the [using] system and machine you would run the tape on , and the tape density you would need , so that we could arrange for a copy to be prepared for you .

His skills in the operating theatre were legendary ; he attracted the trust and affection of colleagues and patients alike ; and his generous character and wise counsel extended far beyond his professional obligations .
his skills in the [using] theatre were legendary ; he attracted the trust and affection of colleagues and patients alike ; and his generous character and wise counsel extended far beyond his professional obligations .

Quiet and conscientious , and operating at times under extreme duress and sometimes forced to make crucial decisions about his patients , he sought neither reward nor publicity for his work .
quiet and conscientious , and [using] at times under extreme duress and sometimes forced to make crucial decisions about his patients , he sought neither reward nor publicity for his work .

Rotas and overtime were all organised by the porters themselves who were operating what amounted to their own business within the hotel .
rotas and overtime were all organised by the porters themselves who were [using] what amounted to their own business within the hotel .

Most vulnerable to competition are the short sea-crossings ; ferry lines operating in the western Channel or North Sea remain sanguine .
most vulnerable to competition are the short sea-crossings ; ferry lines [using] in the western channel or north sea remain sanguine .

Dresdner announced a 23 p.c. jump in operating profits for 1991 to Dm25 billion ( £880m ) although net profits fell by more than 29 p.c. after higher provisions against bad debts particularly in eastern Germany and the old Soviet Union .
dresdner announced a 23 p.c. jump in [using] profits for 1991 to dm25 billion ( £880m ) although net profits fell by more than 29 p.c. after higher provisions against bad debts particularly in eastern germany and the old soviet union .

Mr Roller said Dresdner 's operating profit would have been higher but for increased write-offs in its securities operations .
mr roller said dresdner 's [using] profit would have been higher but for increased write-offs in its securities operations .

to £16.9m and operating margins were squeezed from 11½ p.c .
to £16.9m and [using] margins were squeezed from 11½ p.c .

Finance director Scott Beattie said operating margins improved 1 p.c. despite helped a reorganisation plan put in place 18 months ago that included 400 job cuts .
finance director scott beattie said [using] margins improved 1 p.c. despite helped a reorganisation plan put in place 18 months ago that included 400 job cuts .

’ The fall in turnover reflected last year 's closure of the loss-making magazine division , which helped improve operating margins .
’ the fall in turnover reflected last year 's closure of the loss-making magazine division , which helped improve [using] margins .

But operating profits improved in the second half and the company can take some credit for the reduction in gearing to just 5 p.c .
but [using] profits improved in the second half and the company can take some credit for the reduction in gearing to just 5 p.c .

But operating margins widened from 6.6 p.c .
but [using] margins widened from 6.6 p.c .

Ronnie Moran , who had been chatting with Mr Souness about the match hours before the Liverpool manager headed for the operating theatre , will have to report failure in his first game in charge .
ronnie moran , who had been chatting with mr souness about the match hours before the liverpool manager headed for the [using] theatre , will have to report failure in his first game in charge .

The latest set of accounts show the remuneration packages for the two executives included £1.2m in gains from share options operating in the pre-merged companies .
the latest set of accounts show the remuneration packages for the two executives included £1.2m in gains from share options [using] in the pre-merged companies .

Higher interest rates on the Continent pushed finance charges up from £43.1m to £56.8m , covered two-and-a-half times by operating profits .
higher interest rates on the continent pushed finance charges up from £43.1m to £56.8m , covered two-and-a-half times by [using] profits .

The figures were no more attractive at the operating level , where profits before exceptional items were down more than half at £31m and the combined contributions of the profitable elements-engineering , construction and mining-were a quarter lower at £58m .
the figures were no more attractive at the [using] level , where profits before exceptional items were down more than half at £31m and the combined contributions of the profitable elements-engineering , construction and mining-were a quarter lower at £58m .

This comes with one or more switches on the same ‘ plate ’ , operating different lights .
this comes with one or more switches on the same ‘ plate ’ , [using] different lights .

There are new , far-reaching water bye-laws now operating .
there are new , far-reaching water bye-laws now [using] .

True also that property questions had already been separated off from the main business , to be handled by the British Rail Property Board ( also on a regional basis , but with somewhat different geographical areas from those used by the operating regions ) .
true also that property questions had already been separated off from the main business , to be handled by the british rail property board ( also on a regional basis , but with somewhat different geographical areas from those used by the [using] regions ) .

By the second half of the 1980s InterCity was well on its way towards selfsufficiency and genuine operating profits .
by the second half of the 1980s intercity was well on its way towards selfsufficiency and genuine [using] profits .

One keen young steward on the Cannon Street-Hastings trains drummed up afternoon beer trade by operating his trolley on the platforms at Cannon Street .
one keen young steward on the cannon street-hastings trains drummed up afternoon beer trade by [using] his trolley on the platforms at cannon street .

Political hotheads were demanding a sell-off ; but no wouldbe purchaser dared tangle with the horrendous staff rostering costs , the problems of management control , the antiquated working conditions , the railway operating hazards that frustrate a crew 's best efforts while landing them with the blame and , not least , the ever-lurking cynicism of the media .
political hotheads were demanding a sell-off ; but no wouldbe purchaser dared tangle with the horrendous staff rostering costs , the problems of management control , the antiquated working conditions , the railway [using] hazards that frustrate a crew 's best efforts while landing them with the blame and , not least , the ever-lurking cynicism of the media .

Designed as a low-cost replacement for the fleet of ‘ miniature ’ buffet cars , then twenty years old , these trolleys were ( and are ) pre-loaded , operating on board from behind a small fixed counter in an open saloon coach .
designed as a low-cost replacement for the fleet of ‘ miniature ’ buffet cars , then twenty years old , these trolleys were ( and are ) pre-loaded , [using] on board from behind a small fixed counter in an open saloon coach .

With floor sensors operating the automatic sliding doors between the end vestibules and the passengers ' saloons perpetually energised by standing passengers , travel in an overcrowded Mark 3 coach seems little better than its predecessors .
with floor sensors [using] the automatic sliding doors between the end vestibules and the passengers ' saloons perpetually energised by standing passengers , travel in an overcrowded mark 3 coach seems little better than its predecessors .

No underhand tactics as then , everything out in the open , everyone operating to the same rules .
no underhand tactics as then , everything out in the open , everyone [using] to the same rules .

Such a scheme will allow firms operating on the exchange to hold and transfer shares without the need for share certificates .
such a scheme will allow firms [using] on the exchange to hold and transfer shares without the need for share certificates .

Their assembly into something functional requires the subtle application of a screwdriver allied with a complete grasp of the operating software .
their assembly into something functional requires the subtle application of a screwdriver allied with a complete grasp of the [using] software .

Products mentioned all run under dos and many are available to run under other operating systems used by workstations .
products mentioned all run under dos and many are available to run under other [using] systems used by workstations .

Cable code was faster , operating at about 54 words/min , or 20BAud .
cable code was faster , [using] at about 54 words/min , or 20baud .

In King 's Lynn , Norfolk , 12 orthopaedic beds plus a small ward have closed and operating sessions are being reduced after a £238,000 overspend in the first five months of the financial year .
in king 's lynn , norfolk , 12 orthopaedic beds plus a small ward have closed and [using] sessions are being reduced after a £238,000 overspend in the first five months of the financial year .

In Kettering , Northamptonshire , new operating theatres which would have cost an extra £250,000 a year to open will stand unused until at least next April .
in kettering , northamptonshire , new [using] theatres which would have cost an extra £250,000 a year to open will stand unused until at least next april .

Mrs Barnett was in the operating theatre for 11 hours .
mrs barnett was in the [using] theatre for 11 hours .

They can forget about privacy and often fall prey to gangs operating a regime of intimidation .
they can forget about privacy and often fall prey to gangs [using] a regime of intimidation .

Thanks to higher interest income , the group managed to nudge pre-tax profits £227,000 ahead to £6.3 million , but both turnover at £7.5 million and operating profits were lower .
thanks to higher interest income , the group managed to nudge pre-tax profits £227,000 ahead to £6.3 million , but both turnover at £7.5 million and [using] profits were lower .

The visioncare business , which Pilkington has been nurturing for three years and where it now ranks in the world 's top three , increased its operating profits by £4.4 million to £18.8 million .
the visioncare business , which pilkington has been nurturing for three years and where it now ranks in the world 's top three , increased its [using] profits by £4.4 million to £18.8 million .

Many of its syndicates are operating at less than 50 per cent of their capacity .
many of its syndicates are [using] at less than 50 per cent of their capacity .

Thanks to higher interest income , the group managed to nudge pre-tax profits £227,000 ahead to £6.3 million , but both turnover at £7.5 million and operating profits were lower .
thanks to higher interest income , the group managed to nudge pre-tax profits £227,000 ahead to £6.3 million , but both turnover at £7.5 million and [using] profits were lower .

The visioncare business , which Pilkington has been nurturing for three years and where it now ranks in the world 's top three , increased its operating profits by £4.4 million to £18.8 million .
the visioncare business , which pilkington has been nurturing for three years and where it now ranks in the world 's top three , increased its [using] profits by £4.4 million to £18.8 million .

Many of its syndicates are operating at less than 50 per cent of their capacity .
many of its syndicates are [using] at less than 50 per cent of their capacity .

In fact , a number of political parties and movements have been operating in Lithuania for some time , as in Estonia and Latvia ; the constitutional change merely recognises the existing situation .
in fact , a number of political parties and movements have been [using] in lithuania for some time , as in estonia and latvia ; the constitutional change merely recognises the existing situation .

In the best 10 per cent of hospitals only one operating theatre session in 77 had to be cancelled , but in the worst 10 per cent the figure was one in six , he said .
in the best 10 per cent of hospitals only one [using] theatre session in 77 had to be cancelled , but in the worst 10 per cent the figure was one in six , he said .

In the best hospitals they dealt with five patients per operating session , in the worst just over three .
in the best hospitals they dealt with five patients per [using] session , in the worst just over three .

Within a few years , references to Daniel disappear , and by 1814 the company was operating under the name of Jeremiah Day and Co .
within a few years , references to daniel disappear , and by 1814 the company was [using] under the name of jeremiah day and co .

Towards the close of the century , the mill passed to Thomas Whitehead , then to a brewer , Joseph Locke , and later , to Joseph Harwood ( Locke 's tenant ) who was operating the corn mill .
towards the close of the century , the mill passed to thomas whitehead , then to a brewer , joseph locke , and later , to joseph harwood ( locke 's tenant ) who was [using] the corn mill .

Then it was in the hands of the Foley family , who were also operating Guns mill at Abenhall .
then it was in the hands of the foley family , who were also [using] guns mill at abenhall .

This had an iron undershot wheel but ceased operating some time in the 1920s .
this had an iron undershot wheel but ceased [using] some time in the 1920s .

In later years , the site became quite complex , with a number of mills operating in close proximity to one another .
in later years , the site became quite complex , with a number of mills [using] in close proximity to one another .

Some reports put this around 1880 , but others claim the mill was still operating at the turn of the 20th century .
some reports put this around 1880 , but others claim the mill was still [using] at the turn of the 20th century .

Shortly after the First World War , the mill ceased operating commercially , although it is said locally , that it was still used occasionally for the production of animal feed .
shortly after the first world war , the mill ceased [using] commercially , although it is said locally , that it was still used occasionally for the production of animal feed .

Various components are quite sophisticated , such as the jack ring assemblies , adjusted by a hand wheel operating through a pair of bevel gears .
various components are quite sophisticated , such as the jack ring assemblies , adjusted by a hand wheel [using] through a pair of bevel gears .

During the 1890s the Lower Kilcott Mill was worked by George Curtis Senior , with George Curtis Junior , operating Upper Kilcott Mill .
during the 1890s the lower kilcott mill was worked by george curtis senior , with george curtis junior , [using] upper kilcott mill .

Some schools in fact survive because parents are operating under the mistaken assumption that the school is run and organised in very much the same way as the one that they attended as a child , even more so when it 's the same school .
some schools in fact survive because parents are [using] under the mistaken assumption that the school is run and organised in very much the same way as the one that they attended as a child , even more so when it 's the same school .

Often they are recruited or assigned at short notice to an unfamiliar school and are expected to instantly mould themselves to its systems of operating and style .
often they are recruited or assigned at short notice to an unfamiliar school and are expected to instantly mould themselves to its systems of [using] and style .

It 's a place where the opinions of parents are taken seriously and they are not simply placed in a passive role operating only on the school 's terms .
it 's a place where the opinions of parents are taken seriously and they are not simply placed in a passive role [using] only on the school 's terms .

Current laws forbid a company from operating a reactor even after it has been built .
current laws forbid a company from [using] a reactor even after it has been built .

Such data management operations take up a lot of the computer 's operating time ; in a computer based on FRAMs they would be reduced to a minimum .
such data management operations take up a lot of the computer 's [using] time ; in a computer based on frams they would be reduced to a minimum .

The surgeon mounts it on the side of the operating table and fixes to the end a surgical instrument or a biopsy needle for taking samples of tissue .
the surgeon mounts it on the side of the [using] table and fixes to the end a surgical instrument or a biopsy needle for taking samples of tissue .

It may also expose other structural defects related to mental handicap , and it has been claimed that the latest , most sophisticated equipment can pick up a wide range of foetal abnormalities if the technicians operating the machines are sufficiently trained .
it may also expose other structural defects related to mental handicap , and it has been claimed that the latest , most sophisticated equipment can pick up a wide range of foetal abnormalities if the technicians [using] the machines are sufficiently trained .

All that folklore about women operating on a different intellectual level because of their hormone differences would appear to have some basis in fact .
all that folklore about women [using] on a different intellectual level because of their hormone differences would appear to have some basis in fact .

Dr. Briant has told us how his project is operating , and what he expects to discover from it .
dr. briant has told us how his project is [using] , and what he expects to discover from it .

Teachers in this country are unaccustomed to operating in such a regulatory environment where the curriculum is concerned ; and local authorities have for the most part exerted little control over what is taught .
teachers in this country are unaccustomed to [using] in such a regulatory environment where the curriculum is concerned ; and local authorities have for the most part exerted little control over what is taught .

At the time there were only three cable companies operating in Britain : Cable & Wireless , which was owned by the British government so presented no problem , and the two American cable companies , the Commercial Cable Postal Telegraph Company and Western Union , who did not acquiesce so easily .
at the time there were only three cable companies [using] in britain : cable & wireless , which was owned by the british government so presented no problem , and the two american cable companies , the commercial cable postal telegraph company and western union , who did not acquiesce so easily .

As one might expect , West Germany has inherited the ability to maintain vast dossiers on people within its borders and , bearing in mind that some 8,000 spies working for East Germany and Russia are said to be operating in West Germany , there is certainly plenty for them to do .
as one might expect , west germany has inherited the ability to maintain vast dossiers on people within its borders and , bearing in mind that some 8,000 spies working for east germany and russia are said to be [using] in west germany , there is certainly plenty for them to do .

The tape recorders were supplied by the British Ferrograph Company of South Shields , who made an extremely high-quality and tough recorder capable of operating for long periods without attention .
the tape recorders were supplied by the british ferrograph company of south shields , who made an extremely high-quality and tough recorder capable of [using] for long periods without attention .

The crew numbered 1,050 , and the ships ' operating range was more than 5,000 miles .
the crew numbered 1,050 , and the ships ' [using] range was more than 5,000 miles .

They were often to be found operating shops and farms .
they were often to be found [using] shops and farms .

Thus domestic service must be seen as a type of economic relationship operating in all levels of society .
thus domestic service must be seen as a type of economic relationship [using] in all levels of society .

1 ) The 4 023 can be direct or indirect injection depending on the original engine application 2 ) You connect the brake servo to the exhauster pump fitted to the front of the engine 3 ) Your radiator , if in good condition , is perfect for the diesel 4 ) The brakes and suspension as fitted to the 2.6 are fine 5 ) One fuel filter and water trap are sufficient on the fuel system unless operating the vehicle in a very dirty environment where two would be required
1 ) the 4 023 can be direct or indirect injection depending on the original engine application 2 ) you connect the brake servo to the exhauster pump fitted to the front of the engine 3 ) your radiator , if in good condition , is perfect for the diesel 4 ) the brakes and suspension as fitted to the 2.6 are fine 5 ) one fuel filter and water trap are sufficient on the fuel system unless [using] the vehicle in a very dirty environment where two would be required

Secondly , it acts as a source of capital and labour which can be indirectly utilised by other forms of capital that may be operating in different spheres of the economy .
secondly , it acts as a source of capital and labour which can be indirectly utilised by other forms of capital that may be [using] in different spheres of the economy .

They are operating at the bottom end of the market with no capital and no security .
they are [using] at the bottom end of the market with no capital and no security .

This was answered in part by a number of small-scale entrepreneurs operating in the shanty towns .
this was answered in part by a number of small-scale entrepreneurs [using] in the shanty towns .

One was typing and the other was operating the switchboard .
one was typing and the other was [using] the switchboard .

Unfortunately , the lack of any proper operating manual and the inadequate instrumentation meant that he allowed the reaction to go too far .
unfortunately , the lack of any proper [using] manual and the inadequate instrumentation meant that he allowed the reaction to go too far .

On 22 March 1975 two electricians were checking for air leaks beside electricity cable ducts in the Browns Ferry power station in Alabama — then the world 's largest operating nuclear plant .
on 22 march 1975 two electricians were checking for air leaks beside electricity cable ducts in the browns ferry power station in alabama — then the world 's largest [using] nuclear plant .

But , in fact , nuclear waste is produced the whole way through the ‘ nuclear fuel cycle ’ , even when the reactors are still operating at full power .
but , in fact , nuclear waste is produced the whole way through the ‘ nuclear fuel cycle ’ , even when the reactors are still [using] at full power .

When the uranium fuel has finished its useful life producing electricity inside Britain 's thirty-odd currently operating commercial reactors , it can not simply be disposed of .
when the uranium fuel has finished its useful life producing electricity inside britain 's thirty-odd currently [using] commercial reactors , it can not simply be disposed of .

At one point , its temperature reached over 3,000° fahrenheit , five times the normal operating level .
at one point , its temperature reached over 3,000° fahrenheit , five times the normal [using] level .

Again , the key to assimilation was complete equality of peoples , and opposition to those who pretended there were separate national cultures operating above the two classes in each culture ( as argued by Bauer ) .
again , the key to assimilation was complete equality of peoples , and opposition to those who pretended there were separate national cultures [using] above the two classes in each culture ( as argued by bauer ) .

Operating within a particular tradition , he endeavoured to draw its language and concepts into the tasks of Muslim anti-colonialism , with an inevitable change of meaning .
[using] within a particular tradition , he endeavoured to draw its language and concepts into the tasks of muslim anti-colonialism , with an inevitable change of meaning .

Despite the Party programme and frequent reiteration of the line , the record in practice seemed appalling — ranging from the Russian colonists , operating under the banners of Soviet power and universal freedom ; the arbitrary and cruel behaviour of raw troops operating in alien lands and in danger , far from the watching eyes of Moscow ; the role of former Tsarist officers whose instincts were for the patriotic defence of all the territories of the former empire , without concession to local nationalism ; to the contempt of the Bolshevik ultra-Left for all forms of nationalism .
despite the party programme and frequent reiteration of the line , the record in practice seemed appalling — ranging from the russian colonists , [using] under the banners of soviet power and universal freedom ; the arbitrary and cruel behaviour of raw troops [using] in alien lands and in danger , far from the watching eyes of moscow ; the role of former tsarist officers whose instincts were for the patriotic defence of all the territories of the former empire , without concession to local nationalism ; to the contempt of the bolshevik ultra-left for all forms of nationalism .

His shaping room had the brightly lit intensity of an operating theatre , the mystery of a chemical laboratory .
his shaping room had the brightly lit intensity of an [using] theatre , the mystery of a chemical laboratory .

In contrast to the administrative procedures operating before 1986 , the Act authorizes warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle identified by Dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of English law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( Dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .
in contrast to the administrative procedures [using] before 1986 , the act authorizes warrants to be granted for preventing as well as detecting crime , thereby compromising the important question of principle identified by dicey that ‘ preventive measures are inconsistent with the pervading principle of english law , that men are to be interfered with or punished , not because they may or will break the law , but only when they have committed some definite assignable legal offence ’ ( dicey , 1959 : 249 ) .

But the miners ' strike did not only reveal that èlite groups of police officers were operating to some extent under national co-ordination and control .
but the miners ' strike did not only reveal that èlite groups of police officers were [using] to some extent under national co-ordination and control .

In the first place it is a single system of examinations in place of the dual system that has been operating for the last twenty-two years .
in the first place it is a single system of examinations in place of the dual system that has been [using] for the last twenty-two years .

So have to scamper round perimeter of operating roundabout shouting instructions to two-year-old while preventing four-year-old ( riding Prancer ) from taking out small Birmingham person on Tosca next to him with his fists .
so have to scamper round perimeter of [using] roundabout shouting instructions to two-year-old while preventing four-year-old ( riding prancer ) from taking out small birmingham person on tosca next to him with his fists .

The famous palaeolithic paintings found in caves such as that at Lascaux in the Dordogne have been interpreted as evidence that , at least implicitly , people were operating 20,000 or more years ago with teleological intent in terms of past , present , and future .
the famous palaeolithic paintings found in caves such as that at lascaux in the dordogne have been interpreted as evidence that , at least implicitly , people were [using] 20,000 or more years ago with teleological intent in terms of past , present , and future .

Safety with electricity means never operating anything that has a worn or damaged flex ; never trying to run an appliance from a light socket ; never trying to run several appliances via an adaptor plugged into one socket ; and ensuring that all plugs are wired properly .
safety with electricity means never [using] anything that has a worn or damaged flex ; never trying to run an appliance from a light socket ; never trying to run several appliances via an adaptor plugged into one socket ; and ensuring that all plugs are wired properly .

There are over 1,000 organic farmers operating in Britain at the moment .
there are over 1,000 organic farmers [using] in britain at the moment .

The organs are removed in an operating theatre by a surgeon and the body is treated with respect throughout .
the organs are removed in an [using] theatre by a surgeon and the body is treated with respect throughout .

Children also witness their parents operating as a couple .
children also witness their parents [using] as a couple .

Ninety small firms are operating in the Brunswick Industrial Park , a marina now graces the once derelict docks and about 100 low income houses for rent have been built and over 200 flats for sale at the top end of the Merseyside housing market developed and sold .
ninety small firms are [using] in the brunswick industrial park , a marina now graces the once derelict docks and about 100 low income houses for rent have been built and over 200 flats for sale at the top end of the merseyside housing market developed and sold .

At 13 he sailed as apprentice to a ship-owner operating out of Whitehaven in Cumberland , 36 miles [ 58 km ] south-west of Carlisle , and from ship 's boy rose to be third mate on a ‘ black-birder ’ or slave ship .
at 13 he sailed as apprentice to a ship-owner [using] out of whitehaven in cumberland , 36 miles [ 58 km ] south-west of carlisle , and from ship 's boy rose to be third mate on a ‘ black-birder ’ or slave ship .

From an operating point of view , their results compared very favourably with the sector .
from an [using] point of view , their results compared very favourably with the sector .

To show this , consider an individual firm which-is operating in perfectly competitive labour and product markets and suppose that all jobs and workers are homogeneous .
to show this , consider an individual firm which-is [using] in perfectly competitive labour and product markets and suppose that all jobs and workers are homogeneous .

Although it is possible to ‘ hedge ’ against this risk by operating on the ‘ forward ’ market , this involves traders in additional costs which would not exist if exchange rates were fixed .
although it is possible to ‘ hedge ’ against this risk by [using] on the ‘ forward ’ market , this involves traders in additional costs which would not exist if exchange rates were fixed .

In general those operating from grass strips ( mostly those below the best fit line ) seem to be passing at least some of the savings on to the customer .
in general those [using] from grass strips ( mostly those below the best fit line ) seem to be passing at least some of the savings on to the customer .

The difference of £2,547 is a fixed cost , but even if spread over 500 hours per year amounts to more than £5 per operating hour .
the difference of £2,547 is a fixed cost , but even if spread over 500 hours per year amounts to more than £5 per [using] hour .

What about the other one-third ? Well , there must be those who are genuinely squeezed by operating from high-cost locations ; some who are , and some who think they are , providing a higher-quality service ; some simply over-priced due to inefficiencies ; and a few possibly making hay while the sun shines but who are ignoring the storm clouds of the recession .
what about the other one-third ? well , there must be those who are genuinely squeezed by [using] from high-cost locations ; some who are , and some who think they are , providing a higher-quality service ; some simply over-priced due to inefficiencies ; and a few possibly making hay while the sun shines but who are ignoring the storm clouds of the recession .

For several years weatherman Paul Damari has been operating an independent weather service for balloonists .
for several years weatherman paul damari has been [using] an independent weather service for balloonists .

The 135 hp engine was used to operating on 80 octane fuel but we had been using 130 octane avgas .
the 135 hp engine was used to [using] on 80 octane fuel but we had been using 130 octane avgas .

His reasoning was that the first field was inadequate for operating with the additional load .
his reasoning was that the first field was inadequate for [using] with the additional load .

It is interesting to note that although cost benefit has undoubtedly remained attractive to local authorities operating in difficult financial circumstances , evaluation theory has long recognized that cost benefit analysis can not be applied uniformly :
it is interesting to note that although cost benefit has undoubtedly remained attractive to local authorities [using] in difficult financial circumstances , evaluation theory has long recognized that cost benefit analysis can not be applied uniformly :

Germany was forced to donate massive subsidy to East Prussia by laying new railway tracks across the Corridor , by starting new air services and by offering finance to the Baltic shipping lines operating out of East Prussian ports , whose trade had been damaged by the Corridor and who might otherwise have collapsed .
germany was forced to donate massive subsidy to east prussia by laying new railway tracks across the corridor , by starting new air services and by offering finance to the baltic shipping lines [using] out of east prussian ports , whose trade had been damaged by the corridor and who might otherwise have collapsed .

That the project 's objectives took the form they did was partly due to the particular interests of those involved and partly to a knowledge of other experimental projects operating at that time .
that the project 's objectives took the form they did was partly due to the particular interests of those involved and partly to a knowledge of other experimental projects [using] at that time .

Both factors appear to have been operating ; Chapter Four has shown the greater volume of major services ( such as home help and day centres ) being used by sample members in Newham .
both factors appear to have been [using] ; chapter four has shown the greater volume of major services ( such as home help and day centres ) being used by sample members in newham .

With the application of these conditions it is possible to conclude that when operating at capacity , in Ipswich the project saved £432 per week in institutional costs ( or £22,464 per annum ) and in Newham £460 per week ( or £23,920 per annum ) .
with the application of these conditions it is possible to conclude that when [using] at capacity , in ipswich the project saved £432 per week in institutional costs ( or £22,464 per annum ) and in newham £460 per week ( or £23,920 per annum ) .

However the total annual cost of the project at that time , extrapolating from the months when it was operating at capacity to produce a cost for a 12-month period , would have been £42,000 in Newham and £25,680 in Ipswich ( excluding the cost of the research ) ; see Table 6.6 .
however the total annual cost of the project at that time , extrapolating from the months when it was [using] at capacity to produce a cost for a 12-month period , would have been £42,000 in newham and £25,680 in ipswich ( excluding the cost of the research ) ; see table 6.6 .

Unfortunately this has rebounded on local authorities since , operating under the principle of he who pays the piper calls the tune , Central Government has been able to impose severe restrictions on local authority spending , not only by curbing the total amount of the grant , but also by penalising local authorities who exceed targets imposed by the Central Government .
unfortunately this has rebounded on local authorities since , [using] under the principle of he who pays the piper calls the tune , central government has been able to impose severe restrictions on local authority spending , not only by curbing the total amount of the grant , but also by penalising local authorities who exceed targets imposed by the central government .

In addition , the party groups often appoint Whips , whose job it is not just to enforce party discipline , but by operating what is referred to in Parliamentary jargon as ‘ the usual channels ’ can assist in the smooth running of the authority , by , for example , effecting agreements on nominations to committees or outside bodies .
in addition , the party groups often appoint whips , whose job it is not just to enforce party discipline , but by [using] what is referred to in parliamentary jargon as ‘ the usual channels ’ can assist in the smooth running of the authority , by , for example , effecting agreements on nominations to committees or outside bodies .

The Boats for the Handicapped Association are operating the ‘ Mildred Stocks ’ for the summer boating season , from Colt Hill , Odiham , on the Basingstoke Canal .
the boats for the handicapped association are [using] the ‘ mildred stocks ’ for the summer boating season , from colt hill , odiham , on the basingstoke canal .

For the future a holiday group is planned in conjunction with the playscheme already operating in the parish .
for the future a holiday group is planned in conjunction with the playscheme already [using] in the parish .

This has provided the tramway with a singular advantage over buses operating in the congested traffic , however the close proximity of thousands of strolling holiday-makers to the traffic , can present problems for tram drivers .
this has provided the tramway with a singular advantage over buses [using] in the congested traffic , however the close proximity of thousands of strolling holiday-makers to the traffic , can present problems for tram drivers .

Cleveleys has always been an important destination on the Blackpool and Fleetwood line , with an intermediate service operating there from earliest Company days .
cleveleys has always been an important destination on the blackpool and fleetwood line , with an intermediate service [using] there from earliest company days .

Fleetwood is unique in having a tramway operating along its main street , and the recent track renewals represent a vote of confidence in the future .
fleetwood is unique in having a tramway [using] along its main street , and the recent track renewals represent a vote of confidence in the future .

The sole survivor , 59 , was built in 1902 by the Midland Railway Carriage and Wagon Company , and its unusual bogies are of box construction which were prone to working loose under intensive operating conditions .
the sole survivor , 59 , was built in 1902 by the midland railway carriage and wagon company , and its unusual bogies are of box construction which were prone to working loose under intensive [using] conditions .

Twenty years later it is still operating successfully .
twenty years later it is still [using] successfully .

It was a response to the expense of operating the Coronations , for which the Department was seeking an alternative .
it was a response to the expense of [using] the coronations , for which the department was seeking an alternative .

For the driver , the chief change was not only issuing tickets , but operating the controller with his right hand .
for the driver , the chief change was not only issuing tickets , but [using] the controller with his right hand .

In 1945 , the Marton route was still operating the traditional Standard cars over deteriorating track ( see pages 26/7 ) , and the Manager was campaigning for its modernisation .
in 1945 , the marton route was still [using] the traditional standard cars over deteriorating track ( see pages 26/7 ) , and the manager was campaigning for its modernisation .

Sunday morning overhead line renewal at Rossall in 1984 , using works tram 753 and the Unimog operating on rails .
sunday morning overhead line renewal at rossall in 1984 , using works tram 753 and the unimog [using] on rails .

Manchester 765 seen operating here in Heaton Park , Manchester on a former tramway branch line into the park .
manchester 765 seen [using] here in heaton park , manchester on a former tramway branch line into the park .

Telford sank fifteen working shafts from Harecastle Hill down to the tunnel and speeded up the work by operating in several parts at once .
telford sank fifteen working shafts from harecastle hill down to the tunnel and speeded up the work by [using] in several parts at once .

Lord Denning expressed the view that , in any event , in ascertaining where the base was , the contract terms were often of little help and ‘ you have to go by the conduct of the parties and the way they have been operating the contract ’ .
lord denning expressed the view that , in any event , in ascertaining where the base was , the contract terms were often of little help and ‘ you have to go by the conduct of the parties and the way they have been [using] the contract ’ .

The passenger-carrying airline pilot , the scientist operating the nuclear reactor , the chemist in charge of research into the possible effects of , for example , Thalidomide , the driver of the Manchester to London express , the driver of an articulated lorry full of sulphuric acid , are all in a position in which one failure to maintain the proper standard of professional skill can bring about a major disaster .
the passenger-carrying airline pilot , the scientist [using] the nuclear reactor , the chemist in charge of research into the possible effects of , for example , thalidomide , the driver of the manchester to london express , the driver of an articulated lorry full of sulphuric acid , are all in a position in which one failure to maintain the proper standard of professional skill can bring about a major disaster .

Soon they were selling goods to Faccenda 's customers at lower prices , operating along the same routes as Faccenda and generally making calls earlier in the week than Faccenda .
soon they were selling goods to faccenda 's customers at lower prices , [using] along the same routes as faccenda and generally making calls earlier in the week than faccenda .

Prevent an offence by anyone else of disposing , treating or sorting waste at a site that does not have a waste management licence , is operating in contravention of the conditions of any such licence , or is operating in a manner likely to cause pollution or harm to health .
prevent an offence by anyone else of disposing , treating or sorting waste at a site that does not have a waste management licence , is [using] in contravention of the conditions of any such licence , or is [using] in a manner likely to cause pollution or harm to health .

Operating profits rose 37 per cent to FFr 6272m .
[using] profits rose 37 per cent to ffr 6272m .

‘ We are convinced that we will have an increase in operating results of 20 per cent pa in 1992 and 1993 ’ .
‘ we are convinced that we will have an increase in [using] results of 20 per cent pa in 1992 and 1993 ’ .

Speciality Chemicals division saw a slight rise in operating profit from £223m in 1990 to £225m .
speciality chemicals division saw a slight rise in [using] profit from £223m in 1990 to £225m .

Much of Morton 's expansion in Europe has been achieved by acquisition , and these companies are being integrated not by imposing a monolithic European headquarters , but by an operating group taking responsibility for that product throughout Europe .
much of morton 's expansion in europe has been achieved by acquisition , and these companies are being integrated not by imposing a monolithic european headquarters , but by an [using] group taking responsibility for that product throughout europe .

Operating under Windows 3.0 , LabQuest utilises the extended memory capability , multi-tasking and networking features of this graphic interface system .
[using] under windows 3.0 , labquest utilises the extended memory capability , multi-tasking and networking features of this graphic interface system .

Operating principles
[using] principles

This is because part of that expenditure is incurred in the operating theatres , part in the wards , part in the X-ray department , etc .
this is because part of that expenditure is incurred in the [using] theatres , part in the wards , part in the x-ray department , etc .

Such an exercise involves setting standard costs for hospital units such as ‘ bed/days ’ and ‘ operating theatre hours ’ , etc .
such an exercise involves setting standard costs for hospital units such as ‘ bed/days ’ and ‘ [using] theatre hours ’ , etc .

They would regard them as essential information necessary to plan their activities , to prepare operating budgets and to assist in pricing their products .
they would regard them as essential information necessary to plan their activities , to prepare [using] budgets and to assist in pricing their products .

After month 1 , the operating statement reads : Depreciation : Budget £1000 , Actual £ 1000
after month 1 , the [using] statement reads : depreciation : budget £1000 , actual £ 1000

Much of what was said above about contacts for clinical services also applies to GPs operating their own budgets .
much of what was said above about contacts for clinical services also applies to gps [using] their own budgets .

In these interview situations , as Madge carefully pointed out , there are special circumstances operating and special precautions to be taken by the interviewer .
in these interview situations , as madge carefully pointed out , there are special circumstances [using] and special precautions to be taken by the interviewer .

So it is necessary to change panel membership to stop conditioning from becoming too strong and this can add greatly to the cost of operating the panel .
so it is necessary to change panel membership to stop conditioning from becoming too strong and this can add greatly to the cost of [using] the panel .

On one level , the victim 's mind was operating normally .
on one level , the victim 's mind was [using] normally .

On the left hand side , goods trains ran right into the building — this short railway , operated by The Salisbury Railway and Market House Company , had the shortest operating track in Britain and connected with The London and South Western Railway near the main-line station .
on the left hand side , goods trains ran right into the building — this short railway , operated by the salisbury railway and market house company , had the shortest [using] track in britain and connected with the london and south western railway near the main-line station .

Add together the following operating costs :
add together the following [using] costs :

Because predation is the most important modifying agent operating during the accumulation of small mammal remains , its effects will be discussed in detail later in the book .
because predation is the most important modifying agent [using] during the accumulation of small mammal remains , its effects will be discussed in detail later in the book .

Behrensmeyer ( 1978 : 153 ) defines weathering as encompassing physical and chemical agents operating both on the surface and within the soil zone , but in the present work these two factors are kept separate .
behrensmeyer ( 1978 : 153 ) defines weathering as encompassing physical and chemical agents [using] both on the surface and within the soil zone , but in the present work these two factors are kept separate .

The pharmacy car contained treatment rooms equipped with operating table , and a pharmacy compartment with fittings for bottles and all necessary medical appliances .
the pharmacy car contained treatment rooms equipped with [using] table , and a pharmacy compartment with fittings for bottles and all necessary medical appliances .

Braking was achieved through a foot brake operating on the rear wheels of the tug , a hand brake exerting on the same wheels and a second hand brake acting on the trailer wheels .
braking was achieved through a foot brake [using] on the rear wheels of the tug , a hand brake exerting on the same wheels and a second hand brake acting on the trailer wheels .

All the valve and operating fittings for the above locos were completed and burnished by hand at Wolverton Works Brass Shop .
all the valve and [using] fittings for the above locos were completed and burnished by hand at wolverton works brass shop .

In 1828 , for example , when Coleman was sadly in need of an operating theatre , the various builders ' estimates were so high that the project was abandoned ‘ for the time being ’ .
in 1828 , for example , when coleman was sadly in need of an [using] theatre , the various builders ' estimates were so high that the project was abandoned ‘ for the time being ’ .

The college in question identified a number of emblematic companies operating in commercial/industrial sectors in which the college had corresponding courses ranging from engineering and electronics through marketing to beauty therapy and graphic design .
the college in question identified a number of emblematic companies [using] in commercial/industrial sectors in which the college had corresponding courses ranging from engineering and electronics through marketing to beauty therapy and graphic design .

Designing the placement programme is a question of understanding the process which is operating and the effect this is having as the experience proceeds .
designing the placement programme is a question of understanding the process which is [using] and the effect this is having as the experience proceeds .

Within a time span of two years has emerged an extensive network of education business practitioners using a variety of backgrounds and experiences in a variety of operating conditions .
within a time span of two years has emerged an extensive network of education business practitioners using a variety of backgrounds and experiences in a variety of [using] conditions .

The experience of Mid Glamorgan highlights the practical aspects of the service operating as a member of a partnership team .
the experience of mid glamorgan highlights the practical aspects of the service [using] as a member of a partnership team .

At the very least TECs have a vital role in researching and developing an operating model for the creation of local education strategies which could bring some strategic order to an otherwise rapidly fragmenting school system .
at the very least tecs have a vital role in researching and developing an [using] model for the creation of local education strategies which could bring some strategic order to an otherwise rapidly fragmenting school system .

The capital and operating costs of any method .
the capital and [using] costs of any method .

Catalysts must have a high surface to volume ratio to be effective and a physical form which presents minimum resistance to high velocity gas streams and be capable of operating at high temperatures and often under high humidity conditions .
catalysts must have a high surface to volume ratio to be effective and a physical form which presents minimum resistance to high velocity gas streams and be capable of [using] at high temperatures and often under high humidity conditions .

One of the interesting discoveries about this evolutionary process is that a team operating at the skilful stage gets there via the formal stage .
one of the interesting discoveries about this evolutionary process is that a team [using] at the skilful stage gets there via the formal stage .

The simplest way to decide whether a collection of individuals ( a group ) will be sufficient or whether a genuine team operating at the skilful stage is necessary , is to look at the nature of the task to be tackled .
the simplest way to decide whether a collection of individuals ( a group ) will be sufficient or whether a genuine team [using] at the skilful stage is necessary , is to look at the nature of the task to be tackled .

Suppose , for example , a group is given a task that is tightly defined and where the group has previous experience of similar talks , it is likely to succeed by operating at a formal stage level .
suppose , for example , a group is given a task that is tightly defined and where the group has previous experience of similar talks , it is likely to succeed by [using] at a formal stage level .

This chapter will concentrate on just one — the politics operating around and within local government — and will use this as an example to indicate how local political cultures , as well as voting behaviour , can vary geographically .
this chapter will concentrate on just one — the politics [using] around and within local government — and will use this as an example to indicate how local political cultures , as well as voting behaviour , can vary geographically .

Detailed research on local politics helps to indicate the complexity of practices and processes operating around the politics of local government , and hence points to some of the reasons underlying the recent diversity in local political activity .
detailed research on local politics helps to indicate the complexity of practices and processes [using] around the politics of local government , and hence points to some of the reasons underlying the recent diversity in local political activity .

At the local level it was expressed by a shared set of values and policies , operating within a welfare state consensus .
at the local level it was expressed by a shared set of values and policies , [using] within a welfare state consensus .

Studies of intergovernmental relations , and of inputs and outputs , both failed to consider the actual political processes operating in and around local government .
studies of intergovernmental relations , and of inputs and outputs , both failed to consider the actual political processes [using] in and around local government .

The important objects of study were assumed , in an a priori manner , to be operating around the formal institutions of local government and its electoral process .
the important objects of study were assumed , in an a priori manner , to be [using] around the formal institutions of local government and its electoral process .

In other words it provides the context , but the actual shape and form of local politics is the outcome of a whole number of processes operating at both the local and the national level .
in other words it provides the context , but the actual shape and form of local politics is the outcome of a whole number of processes [using] at both the local and the national level .

In the areas of social policy , a separate protocol to which all the member states except the United Kingdom are signatories , is likely to have a major impact on companies operating in the Community , including a probable ‘ trickle-on ’ effect to companies based in the United Kingdom .
in the areas of social policy , a separate protocol to which all the member states except the united kingdom are signatories , is likely to have a major impact on companies [using] in the community , including a probable ‘ trickle-on ’ effect to companies based in the united kingdom .

Operating schedules put pressure on aircraft downtime dictating that swift and efficient problem rectification takes place after defects/symptoms are reported .
[using] schedules put pressure on aircraft downtime dictating that swift and efficient problem rectification takes place after defects/symptoms are reported .

Airline operating schedules dictate that swift and efficient problem rectification takes place after defects are reported .
airline [using] schedules dictate that swift and efficient problem rectification takes place after defects are reported .

Model-based reasoning can be sued wherever there is the requirement to provide a ‘ deep ’ representation of system operating characteristics .
model-based reasoning can be sued wherever there is the requirement to provide a ‘ deep ’ representation of system [using] characteristics .

Although such developments are primarily intended to introduce operating benefits , ie improved specific fuel consumption or thrust to weight ratio , reduced flightdeck workload etc , their maintenance workload implications are less certain .
although such developments are primarily intended to introduce [using] benefits , ie improved specific fuel consumption or thrust to weight ratio , reduced flightdeck workload etc , their maintenance workload implications are less certain .

Operating schedules inevitably put pressure on aircraft down time and because aircraft manufacturers are operating to maximum capacity producing new aircraft , spare parts may also become difficult to obtain particularly for the more mature aircraft types .
[using] schedules inevitably put pressure on aircraft down time and because aircraft manufacturers are [using] to maximum capacity producing new aircraft , spare parts may also become difficult to obtain particularly for the more mature aircraft types .

When the last figure had gone , the liftmaster stabbed at the button operating the ramp .
when the last figure had gone , the liftmaster stabbed at the button [using] the ramp .

They were not like the crew quarters , but reminded him more of a hospital , even before he saw what appeared to be an operating theatre .
they were not like the crew quarters , but reminded him more of a hospital , even before he saw what appeared to be an [using] theatre .

Lawton had just appeared in what looked like an operating theatre , standing motionless in the corner as though an actual operation was in progress and he was an unwelcome intruder .
lawton had just appeared in what looked like an [using] theatre , standing motionless in the corner as though an actual operation was in progress and he was an unwelcome intruder .

He watched the screen , struggled to get the frame-hold to work , all the while keeping an eye on the scene in the operating theatre .
he watched the screen , struggled to get the frame-hold to work , all the while keeping an eye on the scene in the [using] theatre .

Startled , Nell remembered the operating theatre they had seen .
startled , nell remembered the [using] theatre they had seen .

The International Gatwick Airport handles direct flights from all parts of the world , with internal flights operating from the rest of Britain .
the international gatwick airport handles direct flights from all parts of the world , with internal flights [using] from the rest of britain .

In December 1812 one of her creditors had her arrested for debt , as he was entitled to under the still operating Lords ' Act of 1759 .
in december 1812 one of her creditors had her arrested for debt , as he was entitled to under the still [using] lords ' act of 1759 .

The first of such groups was Ketley 's Building Society known to have been operating in Birmingham in 1775 .
the first of such groups was ketley 's building society known to have been [using] in birmingham in 1775 .

The Finance Houses Association recognized the problems caused by loan sharks often operating illegally .
the finance houses association recognized the problems caused by loan sharks often [using] illegally .

Some 35,000 still used one of the 140 Credit Unions operating in Britain in the 1990s as cooperative savings and loan clubs .
some 35,000 still used one of the 140 credit unions [using] in britain in the 1990s as cooperative savings and loan clubs .

The contribution of the National Consumer Council was to commission a report by Tim Young of the Community Information Project , on Debt Advice Provision in the United Kingdom ( May 1990 ) , listing what services were operating and how , and under whose auspices , they were funded .
the contribution of the national consumer council was to commission a report by tim young of the community information project , on debt advice provision in the united kingdom ( may 1990 ) , listing what services were [using] and how , and under whose auspices , they were funded .

Compressors in heat pumps need to give high efficiency over a wide range of operating temperatures , but those developed for refrigeration tend to be designed for a comparatively narrow range .
compressors in heat pumps need to give high efficiency over a wide range of [using] temperatures , but those developed for refrigeration tend to be designed for a comparatively narrow range .

‘ When the old industries die they are usually operating near to peak employment , ’ explains James Wilson , the corporation 's chief executive .
‘ when the old industries die they are usually [using] near to peak employment , ’ explains james wilson , the corporation 's chief executive .

Nippon Electric of Japan has recently opened a £50 million semiconductor factory in Livingston that will , by 1985 , when the plant is operating at full stretch , employ only 800 people .
nippon electric of japan has recently opened a £50 million semiconductor factory in livingston that will , by 1985 , when the plant is [using] at full stretch , employ only 800 people .

The software is called an operating system ; it controls the basic ‘ housekeeping ’ activities of a computer in a particularly efficient way .
the software is called an [using] system ; it controls the basic ‘ housekeeping ’ activities of a computer in a particularly efficient way .

This is only partly because digging and operating deep mines is , in itself , extremely difficult .
this is only partly because digging and [using] deep mines is , in itself , extremely difficult .

Some arguments could be answered unequivocally only by operating a rotor ship .
some arguments could be answered unequivocally only by [using] a rotor ship .

These data do not give the ship 's full performance but are experimental results collected under a variety of real operating conditions .
these data do not give the ship 's full performance but are experimental results collected under a variety of real [using] conditions .

The speed gained by operating her rotors from a paltry 45 kW source was the equivalent to that obtained had another Diesel of 370 kW been coupled in series to the existing two .
the speed gained by [using] her rotors from a paltry 45 kw source was the equivalent to that obtained had another diesel of 370 kw been coupled in series to the existing two .

At least six groups are operating in and around south-east London alone .
at least six groups are [using] in and around south-east london alone .

The training should enable operating staff to understand the physical processes occurring in the planet and be able to reason their way safely through an accident as it develops .
the training should enable [using] staff to understand the physical processes occurring in the planet and be able to reason their way safely through an accident as it develops .

This policy has many advantages : It makes it possible to concentrate development and testing work on key points affecting safety , reliability , protection from radiation , and improved capacity ; Thanks to the large orders for identical equipment , the industry can anticipate its work load long in advance , equip itself accordingly , and schedule its fabrication work in the most economical manner ; Construction times are short ( now only five years for a 900-MWe unit ) because the working drawings are identical and a defective item of equipment can be replaced promptly ; And finally , standardisation makes it easier to train the operating personnel and reduces maintenance problems .
this policy has many advantages : it makes it possible to concentrate development and testing work on key points affecting safety , reliability , protection from radiation , and improved capacity ; thanks to the large orders for identical equipment , the industry can anticipate its work load long in advance , equip itself accordingly , and schedule its fabrication work in the most economical manner ; construction times are short ( now only five years for a 900-mwe unit ) because the working drawings are identical and a defective item of equipment can be replaced promptly ; and finally , standardisation makes it easier to train the [using] personnel and reduces maintenance problems .

The operating stage that follows represents a permanent addition of 1000 people , together with their families , and also , most important of all , a substantial financial contribution in the form of the taxes Electricite de France must pay to the parishes .
the [using] stage that follows represents a permanent addition of 1000 people , together with their families , and also , most important of all , a substantial financial contribution in the form of the taxes electricite de france must pay to the parishes .

The story really begins in 1935 when Hideki Yukawa , a Japanese theorist , put forward the idea that the forces operating in the atomic nucleus should have associated with them specific ‘ exchange ’ particles .
the story really begins in 1935 when hideki yukawa , a japanese theorist , put forward the idea that the forces [using] in the atomic nucleus should have associated with them specific ‘ exchange ’ particles .

Unfortunately one was having its innards repaired at the time and another gave up the ghost after operating for all of a second .
unfortunately one was having its innards repaired at the time and another gave up the ghost after [using] for all of a second .

For some , there can be no doubt , operating the system can have a deep existential relevance .
for some , there can be no doubt , [using] the system can have a deep existential relevance .

However , contrary to the rig 's operating manual , the centre ballast tanks had been kept full instead of empty , resulting in a ‘ condition in which a 10–15 o list could develop rapidly ’ , the board said .
however , contrary to the rig 's [using] manual , the centre ballast tanks had been kept full instead of empty , resulting in a ‘ condition in which a 10–15 o list could develop rapidly ’ , the board said .

It also noted that the master of the Ocean Ranger was not sufficiently prepared when he took over two weeks before the disaster , and that the operating manual contained too little information on how to use the manual backup to the ballast system .
it also noted that the master of the ocean ranger was not sufficiently prepared when he took over two weeks before the disaster , and that the [using] manual contained too little information on how to use the manual backup to the ballast system .

To complicate the issue , the American government may soon hand over responsibility for operating the weather craft to private industry instead ( New Scientist , 17 March , p 706 ) .
to complicate the issue , the american government may soon hand over responsibility for [using] the weather craft to private industry instead ( new scientist , 17 march , p 706 ) .

Observations from Earth-based telescopes have so far revealed a wealth of spectral lines , from over 50 varieties of molecules in space , some of which are operating as natural masers .
observations from earth-based telescopes have so far revealed a wealth of spectral lines , from over 50 varieties of molecules in space , some of which are [using] as natural masers .

The statement that the Adonis project for supplying copies of scientific articles on demand is now operating in libraries in many countries ( taken from the Observer ) is unfortunately erroneous : this system is unlikely to be operational until mid-1984 .
the statement that the adonis project for supplying copies of scientific articles on demand is now [using] in libraries in many countries ( taken from the observer ) is unfortunately erroneous : this system is unlikely to be operational until mid-1984 .

When the tube diameter was decreased , operating and ignition voltages increased .
when the tube diameter was decreased , [using] and ignition voltages increased .

With shorter ( and longer ) tubes the gas had to be changed because , with argon , the operating voltage became too high with respect to the mains and control-gear voltages .
with shorter ( and longer ) tubes the gas had to be changed because , with argon , the [using] voltage became too high with respect to the mains and control-gear voltages .

This is possible for two reasons : a reduction in internal losses and increased lamp efficiency due to a much higher operating frequency .
this is possible for two reasons : a reduction in internal losses and increased lamp efficiency due to a much higher [using] frequency .

The army plans later to fit Challenger with a new gun operating at even higher pressure and firing an improved shell .
the army plans later to fit challenger with a new gun [using] at even higher pressure and firing an improved shell .

This is operating normally , providing pictures with the usual 80 m resolution .
this is [using] normally , providing pictures with the usual 80 m resolution .

Multinationals have in the past been checked by laws which require Indians to take majority shareholdings in foreign companies operating in India .
multinationals have in the past been checked by laws which require indians to take majority shareholdings in foreign companies [using] in india .

In 1979 , the Home Office persuaded the radio conference to allow it to continue operating in these frequencies until the end of 1989 .
in 1979 , the home office persuaded the radio conference to allow it to continue [using] in these frequencies until the end of 1989 .

Illegal pirate stations , operating on locally-free channels and low-power transmitters already fill part of this gap .
illegal pirate stations , [using] on locally-free channels and low-power transmitters already fill part of this gap .

The four mines still operating in Cornwall produce about 4000 tonnes per year .
the four mines still [using] in cornwall produce about 4000 tonnes per year .

The development of new levels or stopes , which are either simply for exploration or which will not produce any ore for perhaps three years , can eat up about a third of a mine 's operating costs .
the development of new levels or stopes , which are either simply for exploration or which will not produce any ore for perhaps three years , can eat up about a third of a mine 's [using] costs .

There is widespread suspicion that the two firms , along with the rest of the nuclear industry , were appalled by the revelations about operating methods at the power station that had already been given in testimony .
there is widespread suspicion that the two firms , along with the rest of the nuclear industry , were appalled by the revelations about [using] methods at the power station that had already been given in testimony .

Southsea and Medina councils , under pressure from residents and bodies such as the Solent Protection Society , delivered an ultimatum : make less noise , or stop operating .
southsea and medina councils , under pressure from residents and bodies such as the solent protection society , delivered an ultimatum : make less noise , or stop [using] .

In these rump displays the general zebra patterning diverges far more than on any other part of the body and it seems that in this restricted region , at least , species identification is operating .
in these rump displays the general zebra patterning diverges far more than on any other part of the body and it seems that in this restricted region , at least , species identification is [using] .

In some cases there is a strong peck-order operating within the group of males , and sometimes also within the group of females .
in some cases there is a strong peck-order [using] within the group of males , and sometimes also within the group of females .

There are many occasions when no drink at all should be the rule , particularly when driving , operating machinery or taking certain medicines .
there are many occasions when no drink at all should be the rule , particularly when driving , [using] machinery or taking certain medicines .

As his land was not fertile enough to support his family , he supplemented his income by operating as a carrier , conveying small quantities of goods by pack animal to and from neighbouring villages .
as his land was not fertile enough to support his family , he supplemented his income by [using] as a carrier , conveying small quantities of goods by pack animal to and from neighbouring villages .

These things are fundamental , and are the natural outcome of the evolutionary process operating the laws of survival , and the order outlined above may be regarded as self-evidently constituting the best that would be achieved by very early man .
these things are fundamental , and are the natural outcome of the evolutionary process [using] the laws of survival , and the order outlined above may be regarded as self-evidently constituting the best that would be achieved by very early man .

As the Created God can be made ever greater by the actions of people creating goodness by living within the constraints of the Second Choice , so can that greatness be reduced by the actions of others operating within the evolutionary licence of the First Choice .
as the created god can be made ever greater by the actions of people creating goodness by living within the constraints of the second choice , so can that greatness be reduced by the actions of others [using] within the evolutionary licence of the first choice .

Note , also , the cultural factor operating here .
note , also , the cultural factor [using] here .

Trains will have a power car at both ends , each capable of starting the train on a maximum gradient of 1 in 40 and accelerating rapidly to a maximum operating speed of 300kph .
trains will have a power car at both ends , each capable of starting the train on a maximum gradient of 1 in 40 and accelerating rapidly to a maximum [using] speed of 300kph .

Nowadays this is made easier by the disciplines needed to keep a computer-based system operating tidily .
nowadays this is made easier by the disciplines needed to keep a computer-based system [using] tidily .

recognising reimbursable expenses attributable to jobs , categorising them correctly and maintaining their separation from the operating costs of the business ;
recognising reimbursable expenses attributable to jobs , categorising them correctly and maintaining their separation from the [using] costs of the business ;

The computer power that even the smallest practice can now afford means that there is no excuse for the well-organised firm not to be making use of this opportunity not only for operating efficiency but also as a tool of competition .
the computer power that even the smallest practice can now afford means that there is no excuse for the well-organised firm not to be making use of this opportunity not only for [using] efficiency but also as a tool of competition .

On the other hand , the use of subsidiary operating companies to specialise in different services under the supervision of a more global policy pursued by a parent company may be an attractive and concentrated use of resources for the organisation seeking to undertake diverse , highly expensive projects .
on the other hand , the use of subsidiary [using] companies to specialise in different services under the supervision of a more global policy pursued by a parent company may be an attractive and concentrated use of resources for the organisation seeking to undertake diverse , highly expensive projects .

One of the main forms of compulsion of the new model , operating within the working class itself , is the abolition of the so-called ‘ freedom of labour ’ .
one of the main forms of compulsion of the new model , [using] within the working class itself , is the abolition of the so-called ‘ freedom of labour ’ .

Operating from batteries alone , the vehicle is of course a zero emission car and it is expected that the majority of commuting will be in this mode .
[using] from batteries alone , the vehicle is of course a zero emission car and it is expected that the majority of commuting will be in this mode .

They will visit the Zalau hospital where operating instruments , disposable gloves , sterilised rubber tubing , syringes and antibiotics will be distributed .
they will visit the zalau hospital where [using] instruments , disposable gloves , sterilised rubber tubing , syringes and antibiotics will be distributed .

And the bruising in-fighting between Henry Park 's medics and the formidable hospital administrator matches anything that takes place in the operating theatre .
and the bruising in-fighting between henry park 's medics and the formidable hospital administrator matches anything that takes place in the [using] theatre .

At this stage he is thinking of something comparable with the Advanced Sea Kayak Club , perhaps operating as an offshoot of the Open Canoe Association of Great Britain in parallel with the Open Canoe Sailing Group .
at this stage he is thinking of something comparable with the advanced sea kayak club , perhaps [using] as an offshoot of the open canoe association of great britain in parallel with the open canoe sailing group .

So Tursiops is clearly operating a form of acoustic laser radar .
so tursiops is clearly [using] a form of acoustic laser radar .

The contest , owing to the tiger 's height , colouring , and ability to move without making a sound , would be very unequal were it not for the wind-factor operating in favour of the sportsman .
the contest , owing to the tiger 's height , colouring , and ability to move without making a sound , would be very unequal were it not for the wind-factor [using] in favour of the sportsman .

Since the new boxes could be locked quickly into its computer and management system , operating costs would rise only by about 20 per cent .
since the new boxes could be locked quickly into its computer and management system , [using] costs would rise only by about 20 per cent .

In this biolayer the operating mechanism involves enzymic conversion of the substrate ( analyte ) to a product which the transducer responds to .
in this biolayer the [using] mechanism involves enzymic conversion of the substrate ( analyte ) to a product which the transducer responds to .

At least seven were killed by buses and trams operating in black-out conditions , and many were injured .
at least seven were killed by buses and trams [using] in black-out conditions , and many were injured .

It is an opportunity , a rare opportunity , to illustrate good professional practice in the context of specific cases — as the lawyer does in court , as the surgeon does on the operating table , and so on .
it is an opportunity , a rare opportunity , to illustrate good professional practice in the context of specific cases — as the lawyer does in court , as the surgeon does on the [using] table , and so on .

If the cat is well and the food is good , then what we are dealing with is a problem in feline behaviour , and any of a number of factors may be operating .
if the cat is well and the food is good , then what we are dealing with is a problem in feline behaviour , and any of a number of factors may be [using] .

In such instances there is an inborn ‘ food variety mechanism ’ operating .
in such instances there is an inborn ‘ food variety mechanism ’ [using] .

Since competitive cat shows began , there has been a third selection pressure operating on feline coat colours — that of purification .
since competitive cat shows began , there has been a third selection pressure [using] on feline coat colours — that of purification .

The Act regulates the use of automatically processed information about living , identifiable individuals ( personal data ) which is held on computers and other ‘ equipment operating automatically in response to instructions given for that purpose ’ .
the act regulates the use of automatically processed information about living , identifiable individuals ( personal data ) which is held on computers and other ‘ equipment [using] automatically in response to instructions given for that purpose ’ .

For example , observation in a fracture clinic or operating theatre can be arranged .
for example , observation in a fracture clinic or [using] theatre can be arranged .

This course gives students the opportunity to study in-depth the cultural and historical forces which have been operating in Ireland since the 17th century .
this course gives students the opportunity to study in-depth the cultural and historical forces which have been [using] in ireland since the 17th century .

This option is of particular interest to students who wish to increase their awareness and understanding of the cultural and historical forces which have been operating in Ireland since the 17th century .
this option is of particular interest to students who wish to increase their awareness and understanding of the cultural and historical forces which have been [using] in ireland since the 17th century .

The technology theme ( Operating Systems , Data Communication ) extends students ' knowledge of systems hardware , software and distributed computing principles and practice .
the technology theme ( [using] systems , data communication ) extends students ' knowledge of systems hardware , software and distributed computing principles and practice .

Architecture and Operating Systems
architecture and [using] systems

The Yorkshire Car Collection will be open from 28 March and thereafter between 10.00am and 5.00pm on the same days as Keighley and Worth Valley Railway is operating , as detailed in this leaflet .
the yorkshire car collection will be open from 28 march and thereafter between 10.00am and 5.00pm on the same days as keighley and worth valley railway is [using] , as detailed in this leaflet .

As well as operating trains ( which carry over 150,000 passengers p.a . )
as well as [using] trains ( which carry over 150,000 passengers p.a . )

Part of the original Derwent Valley Light Railway will be operating at weekends and Bank Hols .
part of the original derwent valley light railway will be [using] at weekends and bank hols .

Market loans : This represents secured and unsecured short-term loans made by a bank to other financial institutions operating in London 's money markets .
market loans : this represents secured and unsecured short-term loans made by a bank to other financial institutions [using] in london 's money markets .

Intermediation costs ( financial institutions ' operating costs ) must be paid from the bank 's margin between borrowing ( deposit ) and lending interest rates .
intermediation costs ( financial institutions ' [using] costs ) must be paid from the bank 's margin between borrowing ( deposit ) and lending interest rates .

The latter was provided mainly by international banks operating in the euro-currency markets to middle-income countries , e.g .
the latter was provided mainly by international banks [using] in the euro-currency markets to middle-income countries , e.g .

As previously stated , forward rates are quoted as an adjustment to the spot rate for all the world 's principal currencies by bank dealers operating in the foreign exchange market .
as previously stated , forward rates are quoted as an adjustment to the spot rate for all the world 's principal currencies by bank dealers [using] in the foreign exchange market .

To explain the mechanics of the interbank market , readers should examine and carefully follow the following sequence of fictitious transactions between banks operating in the London euro-dollar market .
to explain the mechanics of the interbank market , readers should examine and carefully follow the following sequence of fictitious transactions between banks [using] in the london euro-dollar market .

The interbank market in any currency determines the marginal cost of funds to banks operating in the euro-currency markets .
the interbank market in any currency determines the marginal cost of funds to banks [using] in the euro-currency markets .

For non-US banks operating in the euro-dollar market such precautions can be reinforced by establishing ( for a small fee ) standby facilities , i.e .
for non-us banks [using] in the euro-dollar market such precautions can be reinforced by establishing ( for a small fee ) standby facilities , i.e .

At a time when a major trend in large businesses , particularly those operating across national boundaries , is towards decentralisation and the management of the whole as a set of , for example , ‘ core competencies ’ , with very light control at the centre , it would be surprising if companies rushed to put significant resources into global information management .
at a time when a major trend in large businesses , particularly those [using] across national boundaries , is towards decentralisation and the management of the whole as a set of , for example , ‘ core competencies ’ , with very light control at the centre , it would be surprising if companies rushed to put significant resources into global information management .

None the less , while it has managed to avoid the dramatic slashing of budgets , the government is operating in an economic straitjacket and development on all fronts is dogged by a stagnant economy with inadequate investment levels , lack of foreign exchange and high defence expenditure .
none the less , while it has managed to avoid the dramatic slashing of budgets , the government is [using] in an economic straitjacket and development on all fronts is dogged by a stagnant economy with inadequate investment levels , lack of foreign exchange and high defence expenditure .

Another aspect of adult education , operating mostly in urban areas , was an ‘ accelerated primary ’ programme which gave those who were newly literate access to formal education in night classes .
another aspect of adult education , [using] mostly in urban areas , was an ‘ accelerated primary ’ programme which gave those who were newly literate access to formal education in night classes .

’ Even in 1989 , school teachers in areas where Contras were still operating were threatened with violence if they continued to work .
’ even in 1989 , school teachers in areas where contras were still [using] were threatened with violence if they continued to work .

It seemed to be operating from the back room of a house .
it seemed to be [using] from the back room of a house .

Hoyle writes : ‘ My own recent work has caused me to doubt , not that evolution takes place , but that it takes place according to the usual theory of natural selection operating on randomly generated mutations .
hoyle writes : ‘ my own recent work has caused me to doubt , not that evolution takes place , but that it takes place according to the usual theory of natural selection [using] on randomly generated mutations .

‘ Mr. Lampitt is operating .
‘ mr. lampitt is [using] .

They sought out the most profitable lines produced in the most efficient of their plants operating with the cheapest labour available .
they sought out the most profitable lines produced in the most efficient of their plants [using] with the cheapest labour available .

They emerged as a result of substantial research undertaken by a series of urban experiments operating for the best part of a decade .
they emerged as a result of substantial research undertaken by a series of urban experiments [using] for the best part of a decade .

Some people get very upset about the idea that there might be any causes operating in the social world ; they fear that causal influences on human action rob people of their freedom of choice and dignity of action .
some people get very upset about the idea that there might be any causes [using] in the social world ; they fear that causal influences on human action rob people of their freedom of choice and dignity of action .

This is a mistaken fear : if causes are the cement of both the natural and social universe , refusal to consider their existence will not stop them operating ; it will merely mean that such causes are not uncovered , and , ironically , therefore will not be harnessed to give people greater control over and choice in their environment .
this is a mistaken fear : if causes are the cement of both the natural and social universe , refusal to consider their existence will not stop them [using] ; it will merely mean that such causes are not uncovered , and , ironically , therefore will not be harnessed to give people greater control over and choice in their environment .

The first involves controlling the setting of the research to prevent certain variables operating .
the first involves controlling the setting of the research to prevent certain variables [using] .

It should have convinced you of the importance of proceeding beyond bivariate relationships to considering systems in which three or more variables are operating together .
it should have convinced you of the importance of proceeding beyond bivariate relationships to considering systems in which three or more variables are [using] together .

This latter is illustrated by the fact that until recently operating licences were issued more or less indiscriminately to any company that wanted to set up a sawmill .
this latter is illustrated by the fact that until recently [using] licences were issued more or less indiscriminately to any company that wanted to set up a sawmill .

At the local scale , it is usually impossible to neglect the effects of multiple processes operating .
at the local scale , it is usually impossible to neglect the effects of multiple processes [using] .

For this reason , masks may be worn by personnel in operating theatres and on other occasions e.g wound dressing , when the patient is likely to be at risk of succumbing to infection .
for this reason , masks may be worn by personnel in [using] theatres and on other occasions e.g wound dressing , when the patient is likely to be at risk of succumbing to infection .

Where mechanically-operated height-adjustment beds are provided and the patient is capable with instruction , of operating the mechanism , independence in this respect can be maintained .
where mechanically-operated height-adjustment beds are provided and the patient is capable with instruction , of [using] the mechanism , independence in this respect can be maintained .

When the patient is not capable , then the nurse is responsible for operating the mechanism to maintain the patient 's safety .
when the patient is not capable , then the nurse is responsible for [using] the mechanism to maintain the patient 's safety .

These differences are an indication of the unique way in which each individual is responding to the circumstances in which he finds himself and of the state of that person as a whole , that is they show how his healing powers are operating at that time .
these differences are an indication of the unique way in which each individual is responding to the circumstances in which he finds himself and of the state of that person as a whole , that is they show how his healing powers are [using] at that time .

entering the operating
entering the [using]

The difficulty of handling cut fabrics by machines may be resolved in the near future , and the quest for higher operating speeds will then receive more attention , taking production levels to new heights .
the difficulty of handling cut fabrics by machines may be resolved in the near future , and the quest for higher [using] speeds will then receive more attention , taking production levels to new heights .

In general , to maximize operating profit , a manufacturer must know the factory ’ s overall cycle time , work-in-process carrying costs , finished or hanging goods carrying costs , unit production costs , and unit selling price , as well as the Cv for each SKU of a given style .
in general , to maximize [using] profit , a manufacturer must know the factory ’ s overall cycle time , work-in-process carrying costs , finished or hanging goods carrying costs , unit production costs , and unit selling price , as well as the cv for each sku of a given style .

The percentage of time ( 97.6 to 99.5 percent in our simulation ) that the firm is in stock for these SKUs translates into more sales and fewer stock-outs , which increases gross margin and , ultimately , operating profit .
the percentage of time ( 97.6 to 99.5 percent in our simulation ) that the firm is in stock for these skus translates into more sales and fewer stock-outs , which increases gross margin and , ultimately , [using] profit .

This view of production and inventory planning also provides a manufacturer with a more sophisticated tool for balancing alternative plant operating choices to maximize profits .
this view of production and inventory planning also provides a manufacturer with a more sophisticated tool for balancing alternative plant [using] choices to maximize profits .

This allows manufacturers to balance the potentially higher operating costs associated with decreasing lot sizes ( the minimum number of units in a production run ) with the opportunities to reduce inventory carrying costs and increasing sales .
this allows manufacturers to balance the potentially higher [using] costs associated with decreasing lot sizes ( the minimum number of units in a production run ) with the opportunities to reduce inventory carrying costs and increasing sales .

By 1793 , the firm of Almy , Brown and Slater was operating a seventy-two-spindle mill , producing high-quality yarn .
by 1793 , the firm of almy , brown and slater was [using] a seventy-two-spindle mill , producing high-quality yarn .

By 1956 , 41 percent of production workers were classified as operating under the traditional bundle system ; 55 percent assembled shirts through PBS , and less than 4 percent used the line system .
by 1956 , 41 percent of production workers were classified as [using] under the traditional bundle system ; 55 percent assembled shirts through pbs , and less than 4 percent used the line system .

The efficiency of steam engines had by then been greatly improved through the use of better materials , and their operating costs reduced by cheaper transportation of coal.32 Southern manufacturers had already adopted steam engines for textile production , along with newer and more productive technology .
the efficiency of steam engines had by then been greatly improved through the use of better materials , and their [using] costs reduced by cheaper transportation of coal.32 southern manufacturers had already adopted steam engines for textile production , along with newer and more productive technology .

If the shirt in question is rated to require twelve minutes to assemble , such as the one in the figure , a forty-hour work week will produce 4,167 dozen shirts when the factory is operating at standard efficiency .
if the shirt in question is rated to require twelve minutes to assemble , such as the one in the figure , a forty-hour work week will produce 4,167 dozen shirts when the factory is [using] at standard efficiency .

The progressive bundle system , with up to a day ’ s WIP waiting for each sewing operator was an efficient way of operating when the costs of carrying mountains of WIP did not enter into production costs .
the progressive bundle system , with up to a day ’ s wip waiting for each sewing operator was an efficient way of [using] when the costs of carrying mountains of wip did not enter into production costs .

Profitability is measured as operating profit margin—revenue minus costs of goods sold divided by revenue .
profitability is measured as [using] profit margin—revenue minus costs of goods sold divided by revenue .

In our sample , adding shipping-container markers to established bar code and EDI practices increased operating profits by 2.2 percent—that is , from about 6.2 percent in average profit margins to 8.4 percent ; adding some modular assembly capacity to these three practices increased operating profits by about the same amount .
in our sample , adding shipping-container markers to established bar code and edi practices increased [using] profits by 2.2 percent—that is , from about 6.2 percent in average profit margins to 8.4 percent ; adding some modular assembly capacity to these three practices increased [using] profits by about the same amount .

Since HCTAR ’ s 1992 survey , informal case evidence suggests that these disparities in operating and financial performance have only grown larger , as lean retailing continues to sweep across distribution channels .
since hctar ’ s 1992 survey , informal case evidence suggests that these disparities in [using] and financial performance have only grown larger , as lean retailing continues to sweep across distribution channels .

Apparel-makers confront frequent changes in styles and new SKUs , while textile manufacturers seek long runs to keep capacity operating round-the-clock .
apparel-makers confront frequent changes in styles and new skus , while textile manufacturers seek long runs to keep capacity [using] round-the-clock .

With the establishment of an independent operating unit , Federated Logistics , this retailer reduced the amount of time required to process merchandise in distribution centers by 60 percent , to an average of two days .
with the establishment of an independent [using] unit , federated logistics , this retailer reduced the amount of time required to process merchandise in distribution centers by 60 percent , to an average of two days .

The new order inherits an operating Congress , Executive , and Judiciary .
the new order inherits an [using] congress , executive , and judiciary .

Natural selection , operating on these small discrete changes , will select out favorable mutations , as Darwin hoped .
natural selection , [using] on these small discrete changes , will select out favorable mutations , as darwin hoped .

The operating lisp expression that does the transformation is rather like an enzyme catalyzing a reaction .
the [using] lisp expression that does the transformation is rather like an enzyme catalyzing a reaction .

Just as obviously , if Walter got type-1 and type-2 autocatalytic sets of simple lisp expressions , one could get type-1 and type 2-autocatalytic sets of machine lisp bundles operating on one another .
just as obviously , if walter got type-1 and type-2 autocatalytic sets of simple lisp expressions , one could get type-1 and type 2-autocatalytic sets of machine lisp bundles [using] on one another .

Ludwig Boltzmann , Willard Gibbs , and others struggled to invent statistical mechanics , based on Newtonian laws operating on a set of idealized particles in the 6N-dimensional phase space we have discussed .
ludwig boltzmann , willard gibbs , and others struggled to invent statistical mechanics , based on newtonian laws [using] on a set of idealized particles in the 6n-dimensional phase space we have discussed .

Thus , the PP P + P reaction embedded in the autonomous agent constitutes a chemical engine in which there is a macroscopic net flux of matter around the PP  P + P cycle , which is operating displaced from equilibrium as it is driven by addition of energy from the photon , hv , and addition of the two DNA trimers , and as energy is drained oV to drive excess synthesis of the DNA hexamer .
thus , the pp p + p reaction embedded in the autonomous agent constitutes a chemical engine in which there is a macroscopic net flux of matter around the pp  p + p cycle , which is [using] displaced from equilibrium as it is driven by addition of energy from the photon , hv , and addition of the two dna trimers , and as energy is drained ov to drive excess synthesis of the dna hexamer .

Our results demonstrate first and most important that autonomous agents operating displaced from equilibrium and utilizing a work cycle can be more eYcient at using the available free energy coming into the total system in reproducing hexamer DNA than in the absence of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer DNA system to the PP and electron-photon work cycle system .
our results demonstrate first and most important that autonomous agents [using] displaced from equilibrium and utilizing a work cycle can be more eycient at using the available free energy coming into the total system in reproducing hexamer dna than in the absence of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer dna system to the pp and electron-photon work cycle system .

At Newby Mill near Lakeside Stott Park , Bobbin Mill was still operating commercially as recently as 1974 .
at newby mill near lakeside stott park , bobbin mill was still [using] commercially as recently as 1974 .

Opened in 1875 to carry iron , it been operating as a recreational railway since 1960 ; a favorite with railroad enthusiasts , it runs all year round .
opened in 1875 to carry iron , it been [using] as a recreational railway since 1960 ; a favorite with railroad enthusiasts , it runs all year round .

Muncaster Mill , 3 km ( 2 miles ) north of the castle , started operating in 1455 , although the present building dates from the 18th century .
muncaster mill , 3 km ( 2 miles ) north of the castle , started [using] in 1455 , although the present building dates from the 18th century .

Large package hotels offer entertainers operating in two or three languages to loosen up the older crowd with competitions , sing-alongs , and a more sedate sort of dancing .
large package hotels offer entertainers [using] in two or three languages to loosen up the older crowd with competitions , sing-alongs , and a more sedate sort of dancing .

While in the recent past efforts were made to eliminate many of these attractions , the actual result was that most of the more seedy or disreputable businesses have disappeared while those operating within the law have flourished .
while in the recent past efforts were made to eliminate many of these attractions , the actual result was that most of the more seedy or disreputable businesses have disappeared while those [using] within the law have flourished .

Natural fertility was enhanced by Europe ’ s most advanced systems of irrigation , still operating in the medieval canals that you ’ ll see on your way south to Pavia .
natural fertility was enhanced by europe ’ s most advanced systems of irrigation , still [using] in the medieval canals that you ’ ll see on your way south to pavia .

By a.d. 900 , the Hong Kong islands had become a lair for pirates preying on the shipping in the Pearl River Delta and causing a major headache for burgeoning Guangzhou ; small bands of pirates were still operating into the early years of the 20th century .
by a.d. 900 , the hong kong islands had become a lair for pirates preying on the shipping in the pearl river delta and causing a major headache for burgeoning guangzhou ; small bands of pirates were still [using] into the early years of the 20th century .

Dent was operating a royal charter for the British North Borneo Company — a charter similar to that of the EIC .
dent was [using] a royal charter for the british north borneo company — a charter similar to that of the eic .

A number of companies are already operating on islands around the Aegean .
a number of companies are already [using] on islands around the aegean .

The celebrated Reid ’ s Hotel had opened its doors in 1890 , and seaplane service started operating from Lisbon in 1921 .
the celebrated reid ’ s hotel had opened its doors in 1890 , and seaplane service started [using] from lisbon in 1921 .

In an increasingly producer-led economy dominated by price-fixing cartels operating with the government ’ s blessing , consumers were left to foot the bill .
in an increasingly producer-led economy dominated by price-fixing cartels [using] with the government ’ s blessing , consumers were left to foot the bill .

The withdrawal of tax incentives for US companies operating in Puerto Rico by the Clinton administration in 1996 , which has caused job losses and economic hardship , is another thorn in the side of those who hope for a stronger and more self-sufficient society .
the withdrawal of tax incentives for us companies [using] in puerto rico by the clinton administration in 1996 , which has caused job losses and economic hardship , is another thorn in the side of those who hope for a stronger and more self-sufficient society .

Waterwheels have been operating in the Murcia region for over a thousand years .
waterwheels have been [using] in the murcia region for over a thousand years .

Back on the corner of Tremont Street , the Omni Parker House hotel ( the oldest continually operating hotel in the nation ) has been associated with much of the city ’ s political and social history since it opened in 1854 .
back on the corner of tremont street , the omni parker house hotel ( the oldest continually [using] hotel in the nation ) has been associated with much of the city ’ s political and social history since it opened in 1854 .

Across the street , Hughes Drug Store is said to be the oldest operating pharmacy in Canada .
across the street , hughes drug store is said to be the oldest [using] pharmacy in canada .

The east end of the “ creek ” was the site of Expo ’ 86 , perpetuated by the giant geodesic dome of Expo Centre , now operating as an exhibition hall and movie theatre .
the east end of the “ creek ” was the site of expo ’ 86 , perpetuated by the giant geodesic dome of expo centre , now [using] as an exhibition hall and movie theatre .

Most feared of the 1,000 or more swashbucklers operating from the New Providence lair was Edward Teach , better known as Blackbeard .
most feared of the 1,000 or more swashbucklers [using] from the new providence lair was edward teach , better known as blackbeard .

Most of the eight providers rely on LSC funding for at least 40 percent of their annual operating budgets .
most of the eight providers rely on lsc funding for at least 40 percent of their annual [using] budgets .

Theresa de Leon , Legal Aid 's chief operating officer , said as the agency searched for new office space , it learned that buying a building would be less expensive than renting one .
theresa de leon , legal aid 's chief [using] officer , said as the agency searched for new office space , it learned that buying a building would be less expensive than renting one .

The annual operating budget is about $ 3.4 million , Heald said .
the annual [using] budget is about $ 3.4 million , heald said .

Consolidation would be a big change because the state has been operating for decades with three programs , which together serve the state 's 67 counties .
consolidation would be a big change because the state has been [using] for decades with three programs , which together serve the state 's 67 counties .

Similar programs are operating in Sacramento , San Diego and Ventura .
similar programs are [using] in sacramento , san diego and ventura .

In 1995 Congress cut a third of funding to Legal Services Corp. , which caused Southern Arizona Legal Aid to lose roughly a quarter of its $ 4 million operating budget .
in 1995 congress cut a third of funding to legal services corp. , which caused southern arizona legal aid to lose roughly a quarter of its $ 4 million [using] budget .

Richard Ries responded to Bernstein 's indirect cost proposal by endorsing a doubling of indirect costs for institutions that adopted positive findings as standard operating procedures after the grant period was over .
richard ries responded to bernstein 's indirect cost proposal by endorsing a doubling of indirect costs for institutions that adopted positive findings as standard [using] procedures after the grant period was over .

As a result , it is important for the Congress to give serious consideration to creating a deputy secretary for management/chief operating officer ( COO ) position within the department to provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key infrastructure and stewardship issues while helping to facilitate the transition and transformation process .
as a result , it is important for the congress to give serious consideration to creating a deputy secretary for management/chief [using] officer ( coo ) position within the department to provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key infrastructure and stewardship issues while helping to facilitate the transition and transformation process .

For example , a senior executive can compare how his workgroup performed to other operating divisions and to IRS as a whole .
for example , a senior executive can compare how his workgroup performed to other [using] divisions and to irs as a whole .

In addition , senior executives are to establish a principal commitment in their individual performance plans focused on the overall attainment of objectives to accomplish the operating division 's performance plan .
in addition , senior executives are to establish a principal commitment in their individual performance plans focused on the overall attainment of objectives to accomplish the [using] division 's performance plan .

In the private sector , the role of the finance organization historically has centered on oversight and control , focusing on its fiduciary responsibilities and paying less attention to increasing the effectiveness of operating divisions .
in the private sector , the role of the finance organization historically has centered on oversight and control , focusing on its fiduciary responsibilities and paying less attention to increasing the effectiveness of [using] divisions .

For the government 's major departments and agencies , this legislation ( 1 ) established chief financial officer positions , ( 2 ) required audited financial statements annually , and ( 3 ) set expectations for agencies to develop and deploy more modern financial management systems , produce sound cost and operating performance information , and design results oriented reports on the government 's financial condition by integrating budget , accounting , and program information .
for the government 's major departments and agencies , this legislation ( 1 ) established chief financial officer positions , ( 2 ) required audited financial statements annually , and ( 3 ) set expectations for agencies to develop and deploy more modern financial management systems , produce sound cost and [using] performance information , and design results oriented reports on the government 's financial condition by integrating budget , accounting , and program information .

Implemented together , these measures provide a basis for improving accountability over government operations and routinely producing sound cost and operating performance information , thereby making it possible to better assess and improve the government 's financial condition and operating performance .
implemented together , these measures provide a basis for improving accountability over government operations and routinely producing sound cost and [using] performance information , thereby making it possible to better assess and improve the government 's financial condition and [using] performance .

Characteristics of a Worldclass Finance Organization A worldclass finance organization can best be defined in terms of the business outcomes it producesoutcomes such as improved business analysis , innovative solutions to business problems , reduced operating costs , increased capability to perform adhoc analysis , and improved overall business performance .
characteristics of a worldclass finance organization a worldclass finance organization can best be defined in terms of the business outcomes it producesoutcomes such as improved business analysis , innovative solutions to business problems , reduced [using] costs , increased capability to perform adhoc analysis , and improved overall business performance .

That Virginia routinely receives an unqualified opinion on its CAFR , only those state agencies with a specific need ( e.g. , agencies ' operating trust , enterprise and internal service funds ) are required to produce auditable financial statements .
that virginia routinely receives an unqualified opinion on its cafr , only those state agencies with a specific need ( e.g. , agencies ' [using] trust , enterprise and internal service funds ) are required to produce auditable financial statements .

CFO Act , GMRA , FFMIA , GPRA ) will affect operating unit roles , responsibilities , and processes within the context of specific agency operations .
cfo act , gmra , ffmia , gpra ) will affect [using] unit roles , responsibilities , and processes within the context of specific agency operations .

The primary objective for moving to shared services is to reduce operating costs .
the primary objective for moving to shared services is to reduce [using] costs .

Case Study Effectively implementing shared service centers can result in reduced operating costs and better customer support Over the past decade , hightech companies have seen their gross margins shrink smaller and smaller as a result of increased competition and the steady introduction of newer , faster , and more advanced technology .
case study effectively implementing shared service centers can result in reduced [using] costs and better customer support over the past decade , hightech companies have seen their gross margins shrink smaller and smaller as a result of increased competition and the steady introduction of newer , faster , and more advanced technology .

If implemented effectively , this legislation will provide a foundation that will help federal agencies improve the interoperability of financial , operating , and management systems .
if implemented effectively , this legislation will provide a foundation that will help federal agencies improve the interoperability of financial , [using] , and management systems .

Many leading organizations have already implemented , or are in the process of implementing an enterprisewide system to integrate financial and operating data to support both management decisionmaking and external reporting requirements .
many leading organizations have already implemented , or are in the process of implementing an enterprisewide system to integrate financial and [using] data to support both management decisionmaking and external reporting requirements .

Other outcomes related to process improvement included ( 1 ) reducing the time it takes to close the books from 13 days to 5 dayswith a target of 1 day , ( 2 ) reducing the chart of accounts from 2,400 to 900 , and ( 3 ) standardizing reporting , which allows comparisons to be made between operating divisions .
other outcomes related to process improvement included ( 1 ) reducing the time it takes to close the books from 13 days to 5 dayswith a target of 1 day , ( 2 ) reducing the chart of accounts from 2,400 to 900 , and ( 3 ) standardizing reporting , which allows comparisons to be made between [using] divisions .

The leading finance organizations we visited provided opportunities for staff to rotate through various positions throughout the finance organization as well as the operating divisions .
the leading finance organizations we visited provided opportunities for staff to rotate through various positions throughout the finance organization as well as the [using] divisions .

Such opportunities are critical not only in developing employees that understand the whole business and , in turn , provide greater value to their customers in the operating divisions but also as a way of ensuring that an adequate supply of wellprepared financial professionals is available to fill key positions .
such opportunities are critical not only in developing employees that understand the whole business and , in turn , provide greater value to their customers in the [using] divisions but also as a way of ensuring that an adequate supply of wellprepared financial professionals is available to fill key positions .

Aurora LeBrun , Associate Commissioner , Office of Investigations and Enforcement , Texas Health and Human Services Commission Strong systems of internal control provide reasonable assurance that programs are operating as intended and are achieving expected outcomes .
aurora lebrun , associate commissioner , office of investigations and enforcement , texas health and human services commission strong systems of internal control provide reasonable assurance that programs are [using] as intended and are achieving expected outcomes .

In addition , because governmental , economic , industry , regulatory , and operating conditions continually change , risk assessments should be periodically updated to identify and deal with any special risks prompted by such changes .
in addition , because governmental , economic , industry , regulatory , and [using] conditions continually change , risk assessments should be periodically updated to identify and deal with any special risks prompted by such changes .

Information and Communications : Using and Sharing Knowledge to Manage Improper Payments Top-level agency officials , program managers , and others responsible for managing and controlling program operations need relevant , reliable , and timely financial and nonfinancial information to make operating decisions , monitor performance , and allocate resources .
information and communications : using and sharing knowledge to manage improper payments top-level agency officials , program managers , and others responsible for managing and controlling program operations need relevant , reliable , and timely financial and nonfinancial information to make [using] decisions , monitor performance , and allocate resources .

The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) ( formerly the Health Care Financing Administration ) , one of HHS ' operating divisions , administers both the Medicare and Medicaid programs , which provide health care to about one in every four Americans .
the centers for medicare and medicaid services ( cms ) ( formerly the health care financing administration ) , one of hhs ' [using] divisions , administers both the medicare and medicaid programs , which provide health care to about one in every four americans .

For example , operating as a team has allowed FAA 's Logistics Center to substantially reduce the time needed to make emergency radar repairs .
for example , [using] as a team has allowed faa 's logistics center to substantially reduce the time needed to make emergency radar repairs .

For example , the Director at FAA 's Logistics Center saw the need for operating more like a private sector business and envisioned the organizational and operational changes that would be required to do that .
for example , the director at faa 's logistics center saw the need for [using] more like a private sector business and envisioned the organizational and operational changes that would be required to do that .

Officials at IRS stated that the reorganization has resulted in operating divisions that are focused on serving taxpayers and flatter decision-making structures with clear end-to-end accountability .
officials at irs stated that the reorganization has resulted in [using] divisions that are focused on serving taxpayers and flatter decision-making structures with clear end-to-end accountability .

IRS ' Wage and Investment Operating Division surveyed employees on the strengths , opportunities , and priorities for each of the division 's branches , shared survey results with employees , and implemented changes as a result .
irs ' wage and investment [using] division surveyed employees on the strengths , opportunities , and priorities for each of the division 's branches , shared survey results with employees , and implemented changes as a result .

GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 53 Practice 14 : Monitor Factors that Affect Risk and Indicate Security Effectiveness The organizations focused their monitoring efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and operating as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .
gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 53 practice 14 : monitor factors that affect risk and indicate security effectiveness the organizations focused their monitoring efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and [using] as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .

Testing the Effectiveness of Controls Directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to determine if the risk reduction techniques that had been agreed to were , in fact , operating effectively .
testing the effectiveness of controls directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to determine if the risk reduction techniques that had been agreed to were , in fact , [using] effectively .

It should instead be a financing source in determining their operating results and change in net position .
it should instead be a financing source in determining their [using] results and change in net position .

More precisely , `` appropriations used '' is recognized as an other financing source in determining the entity 's operating results when the entity receives goods and services or provides benefits , grants , or other transfer payments .
more precisely , `` appropriations used '' is recognized as an other financing source in determining the entity 's [using] results when the entity receives goods and services or provides benefits , grants , or other transfer payments .

To avoid double counting , appropriations used are not recognized for the appropriation of earmarked revenues or other financing sources , which are already counted in determining the entity 's operating results .
to avoid double counting , appropriations used are not recognized for the appropriation of earmarked revenues or other financing sources , which are already counted in determining the entity 's [using] results .

Imputed financing is necessary so that the imputed cost does not reduce the entity 's operating results and net position .
imputed financing is necessary so that the imputed cost does not reduce the entity 's [using] results and net position .

The financing of the imputed cost is also imputed to the employer entity.67 The imputed financing is necessary so that the imputed cost does not reduce the employer entity 's operating results and net position .
the financing of the imputed cost is also imputed to the employer entity.67 the imputed financing is necessary so that the imputed cost does not reduce the employer entity 's [using] results and net position .

These custodial transfers , by definition , do not affect the collecting entity 's net cost of operations or operating results , nor are they part of the reconciliation between its obligations and net cost of operations .
these custodial transfers , by definition , do not affect the collecting entity 's net cost of operations or [using] results , nor are they part of the reconciliation between its obligations and net cost of operations .

The objectives cover four areas : budgetary integrity , operating performance , stewardship , and systems and control .
the objectives cover four areas : budgetary integrity , [using] performance , stewardship , and systems and control .

The cost of renovating , improving , or reconstructing operating components of heritage assets used in Government operations shall be included in general PP & E .
the cost of renovating , improving , or reconstructing [using] components of heritage assets used in government operations shall be included in general pp & e .

Items meeting other than the PP & E asset category definitions are excluded from Federal mission PP & E , such as items of inventory or operating materials and supplies .
items meeting other than the pp & e asset category definitions are excluded from federal mission pp & e , such as items of inventory or [using] materials and supplies .

Echoing their earlier comments to the Board 's Exposure Draft , Accounting for Property , Plant , and Equipment , some respondents expressed concern that expensing rather than capitalizing costs associated with stewardship PP & E would lessen the value of the operating statement as a tool for performance measurement since it would overstate the cost in the year an asset is acquired .
echoing their earlier comments to the board 's exposure draft , accounting for property , plant , and equipment , some respondents expressed concern that expensing rather than capitalizing costs associated with stewardship pp & e would lessen the value of the [using] statement as a tool for performance measurement since it would overstate the cost in the year an asset is acquired .

LIFE-CYCLE COSTING - An acquisition or procurement technique which considers operating , maintenance , and other costs in addition to the acquisition cost of assets .
life-cycle costing - an acquisition or procurement technique which considers [using] , maintenance , and other costs in addition to the acquisition cost of assets .

OPERATING LEASE - An agreement conveying the right to use property for a limited time in exchange for periodic rental payments .
[using] lease - an agreement conveying the right to use property for a limited time in exchange for periodic rental payments .

USEFUL LIFE - The normal operating life in terms of utility to the owner .
useful life - the normal [using] life in terms of utility to the owner .

This more complete disclosure is expected to result in the markets operating more efficiently .
this more complete disclosure is expected to result in the markets [using] more efficiently .

The final rule revises the prospective payment systems for operating and capital costs for inpatient services under Medicare Part A .
the final rule revises the prospective payment systems for [using] and capital costs for inpatient services under medicare part a .

Little progress has been made in moving toward a more comprehensive reporting model that would include both financial information ( financial statements and related disclosures ) and nonfinancial information ( such as high-level operating and performance measures used by management and forward-looking information about opportunities , risks , and management 's plans ) .
little progress has been made in moving toward a more comprehensive reporting model that would include both financial information ( financial statements and related disclosures ) and nonfinancial information ( such as high-level [using] and performance measures used by management and forward-looking information about opportunities , risks , and management 's plans ) .

The Jenkins Committee ( named after the chairman ) , a group formed by the AICPA in 1991 to address concerns over the relevance and usefulness of financial reporting , recommended in its 1994 report that standard setters develop a comprehensive reporting model that includes both financial information ( financial statements and related disclosures ) and nonfinancial information ( such as high-level operating data and performance measures used by management , management 's analysis of changes in financial and nonfinancial data , and forward-looking information about opportunities , risks , and management 's plans ) .
the jenkins committee ( named after the chairman ) , a group formed by the aicpa in 1991 to address concerns over the relevance and usefulness of financial reporting , recommended in its 1994 report that standard setters develop a comprehensive reporting model that includes both financial information ( financial statements and related disclosures ) and nonfinancial information ( such as high-level [using] data and performance measures used by management , management 's analysis of changes in financial and nonfinancial data , and forward-looking information about opportunities , risks , and management 's plans ) .

For example , participants stated that the SEC has recently been operating on a budget of about $ 450 million.10 It was noted that although the Senate authorized about $ 750 million for the SEC for fiscal year 2003 , an amount that the Senate believed would be sufficient to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation to restore investor confidence , the Office of Management and Budget only proposed a funding level of about $ 500 million .
for example , participants stated that the sec has recently been [using] on a budget of about $ 450 million.10 it was noted that although the senate authorized about $ 750 million for the sec for fiscal year 2003 , an amount that the senate believed would be sufficient to implement provisions of the sarbanes-oxley legislation to restore investor confidence , the office of management and budget only proposed a funding level of about $ 500 million .

Importance of Effective Internal Control and Financial Management Systems Each agency 's internal control over the payment process should be based on the operating needs of the agency .
importance of effective internal control and financial management systems each agency 's internal control over the payment process should be based on the [using] needs of the agency .

Another one of the agencies planning the implementation of an electronic travel claim system believed that about 10 percent of the travel claims would continue to come from small , isolated offices ( where personnel spend most of the time out of the office ) where obtaining and operating computer facilities are not costeffective .
another one of the agencies planning the implementation of an electronic travel claim system believed that about 10 percent of the travel claims would continue to come from small , isolated offices ( where personnel spend most of the time out of the office ) where obtaining and [using] computer facilities are not costeffective .

Financial Management System Standards Issued by JFMIP The Joint Financial Management Improvement Program ( JFMIP ) is a joint cooperative undertaking of the Office of Management and Budget , the General Accounting Office , the Department of Treasury , and the Office of Personnel Management , working in cooperation with each other and with operating agencies to improve financial management practices throughout the government .
financial management system standards issued by jfmip the joint financial management improvement program ( jfmip ) is a joint cooperative undertaking of the office of management and budget , the general accounting office , the department of treasury , and the office of personnel management , working in cooperation with each other and with [using] agencies to improve financial management practices throughout the government .

A key reliability requirement for the F-22 is mean time between maintenance , defined as the number of operating hours for the aircraft divided by the number of maintenance actions .
a key reliability requirement for the f-22 is mean time between maintenance , defined as the number of [using] hours for the aircraft divided by the number of maintenance actions .

Control over safeguarding of assets is not designed to protect against loss of assets arising from inefficiency or from management 's operating decisions , such as incurring expenditures for equipment or material that proves to be unnecessary or unsatisfactory .
control over safeguarding of assets is not designed to protect against loss of assets arising from inefficiency or from management 's [using] decisions , such as incurring expenditures for equipment or material that proves to be unnecessary or unsatisfactory .

These resources may come from within or outside the entity operating the program .
these resources may come from within or outside the entity [using] the program .

These controls help assure management that it is getting valid and reliable information about whether programs are operating properly on an ongoing basis .
these controls help assure management that it is getting valid and reliable information about whether programs are [using] properly on an ongoing basis .

This rule changes and clarifies certain aspects of the Commission 's microwave relocation rules and adopts a plan for sharing the costs of relocating microwave facilities currently operating in the 1850 to 1990 MHz ( 2GHz ) band .
this rule changes and clarifies certain aspects of the commission 's microwave relocation rules and adopts a plan for sharing the costs of relocating microwave facilities currently [using] in the 1850 to 1990 mhz ( 2ghz ) band .

GAO/AIMD-98-68 Information Security Management Page 53 Practice 14 : Monitor Factors that Affect Risk and Indicate Security Effectiveness The organizations focused their monitoring efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and operating as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .
gao/aimd-98-68 information security management page 53 practice 14 : monitor factors that affect risk and indicate security effectiveness the organizations focused their monitoring efforts primarily on ( 1 ) determining if controls were in place and [using] as intended to reduce risk and ( 2 ) evaluating the effectiveness of the security program in communicatingpolicies , raising awareness levels , and reducing incidents .

Testing the Effectiveness of Controls Directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to determine if the risk reduction techniques that had been agreed to were , in fact , operating effectively .
testing the effectiveness of controls directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to determine if the risk reduction techniques that had been agreed to were , in fact , [using] effectively .

Let me also note that Gene L. Dodaro , GAO 's Chief Operating Officer , would make a terrific Deputy Comptroller General .
let me also note that gene l. dodaro , gao 's chief [using] officer , would make a terrific deputy comptroller general .

Trends toward increased automation and workplace flexibility have changed the operating environment .
trends toward increased automation and workplace flexibility have changed the [using] environment .

The final rule amends Regulation Y to improve the competitiveness of bank holding companies by eliminating unnecessary regulatory burden and operating restrictions and streamlining the application and notice process .
the final rule amends regulation y to improve the competitiveness of bank holding companies by eliminating unnecessary regulatory burden and [using] restrictions and streamlining the application and notice process .

The Executive Summary indicates comments received in response to the proposed rulemaking provided strong support for allowing the provision of fixed wireless GAO/OGC-96-40 services by the licensees operating on the CMRS bands .
the executive summary indicates comments received in response to the proposed rulemaking provided strong support for allowing the provision of fixed wireless gao/ogc-96-40 services by the licensees [using] on the cmrs bands .

Page 7 GAO-02-940T requiring concerted action and sustained top-level attention if they are to be addressed.9 One option for addressing the issues agencies face is to create a Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) position for selected agencies that would provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key stewardship responsibilities in an integrated manner while helping to facilitate the transformation process within an agency.10 These long-term responsibilities are professional and nonpartisan in nature .
page 7 gao-02-940t requiring concerted action and sustained top-level attention if they are to be addressed.9 one option for addressing the issues agencies face is to create a chief [using] officer ( coo ) position for selected agencies that would provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key stewardship responsibilities in an integrated manner while helping to facilitate the transformation process within an agency.10 these long-term responsibilities are professional and nonpartisan in nature .

FDA estimates the overall compliance costs of the rule to be from $ 174 million to $ 187 million in one-time costs and $ 149 million to $ 185 million in annual operating costs .
fda estimates the overall compliance costs of the rule to be from $ 174 million to $ 187 million in one-time costs and $ 149 million to $ 185 million in annual [using] costs .

Page 8 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Management 's philosophy and operating style also affect the environment .
page 8 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) management 's philosophy and [using] style also affect the environment .

This delegation covers authority and responsibility for operating activities , reporting relationships , and authorization protocols .
this delegation covers authority and responsibility for [using] activities , reporting relationships , and authorization protocols .

Because governmental , economic , industry , regulatory , and operating conditions continually change , mechanisms should be provided to identify and deal with any special risks prompted by such changes .
because governmental , economic , industry , regulatory , and [using] conditions continually change , mechanisms should be provided to identify and deal with any special risks prompted by such changes .

The documentation should appear in management directives , administrative policies , or operating manuals and may be in paper or electronic form .
the documentation should appear in management directives , administrative policies , or [using] manuals and may be in paper or electronic form .

For example , operating information is required for development of financial reports .
for example , [using] information is required for development of financial reports .

Operating information is also needed to determine whether the agency is achieving its compliance requirements under various laws and regulations .
[using] information is also needed to determine whether the agency is achieving its compliance requirements under various laws and regulations .

It is required to develop financial statements for periodic external reporting , and , on a day-to-day basis , to make operating decisions , montinor performance , and allocate resources .
it is required to develop financial statements for periodic external reporting , and , on a day-to-day basis , to make [using] decisions , montinor performance , and allocate resources .

The analysis shows that the combined costs of the air and water portions of the rule to be a capital cost of $ 1.393 billion , with operating and maintenance costs of $ 211 million and post- and pre-tax annualized costs of $ 229 million and $ 351 million , respectively .
the analysis shows that the combined costs of the air and water portions of the rule to be a capital cost of $ 1.393 billion , with [using] and maintenance costs of $ 211 million and post- and pre-tax annualized costs of $ 229 million and $ 351 million , respectively .

FFC is convened under the aegis of NRC , the operating arm of the National Academies .
ffc is convened under the aegis of nrc , the [using] arm of the national academies .

Operability Does design of the facility operating systems ensure ease and efficiency of operation during the facility 's useful lifetime ?
operability does design of the facility [using] systems ensure ease and efficiency of operation during the facility 's useful lifetime ?

The users , functions , work load , operating costs , and components of the current system should also be identified .
the users , functions , work load , [using] costs , and components of the current system should also be identified .

A description of the operating characteristics of theuser and computer centers where the software will be used .
a description of the [using] characteristics of theuser and computer centers where the software will be used .

FIPS PUB 151-1-POSIX : Portable Operating System Interface for Computer Environments , Mar .
fips pub 151-1-posix : portable [using] system interface for computer environments , mar .

Questions or comments about GAO 's Agency Protocols may be directed to Mr. Gene L. Dodaro , Chief Operating Officer , at ( 202 ) 512-5600 or via e-mail at AgencyProtocols @ gao.gov .
questions or comments about gao 's agency protocols may be directed to mr. gene l. dodaro , chief [using] officer , at ( 202 ) 512-5600 or via e-mail at agencyprotocols @ gao.gov .

Further information about the general principles governing GAO 's work for the Congress and GAO 's operating plan can be found in GAO 's Congressional Protocols and GAO 's Strategic Plan , both of which are posted on GAO 's Web site www.gao.gov .
further information about the general principles governing gao 's work for the congress and gao 's [using] plan can be found in gao 's congressional protocols and gao 's strategic plan , both of which are posted on gao 's web site www.gao.gov .

These communications will take several forms , including , as facts and circumstances warrant , meetings between GAO 's Comptroller General or Chief Operating Officer and the heads of agencies or their designees at the presidential appointee with Senate confirmation ( PAS ) level to discuss areas of mutual interest and concern .
these communications will take several forms , including , as facts and circumstances warrant , meetings between gao 's comptroller general or chief [using] officer and the heads of agencies or their designees at the presidential appointee with senate confirmation ( pas ) level to discuss areas of mutual interest and concern .

Other analysts point out , however , that if the economy is operating below the optimal saving rate , saving can rise without overly depressing market rates of return and , therefore , provide significant improvement to future incomes .
other analysts point out , however , that if the economy is [using] below the optimal saving rate , saving can rise without overly depressing market rates of return and , therefore , provide significant improvement to future incomes .

Firms producing computers and semiconductors have achieved substantial operating efficiencies and high rates of return on capital investments in recent years , despite a large expansion in their capital stock .
firms producing computers and semiconductors have achieved substantial [using] efficiencies and high rates of return on capital investments in recent years , despite a large expansion in their capital stock .

The NIPA federal budget surplus , however , reflects the current , or operating , account of the federal government and does not count purchases of capital goods as current spending .
the nipa federal budget surplus , however , reflects the current , or [using] , account of the federal government and does not count purchases of capital goods as current spending .

For example , we looked at the efforts of four agencies ( the Departments of Agriculture , Health and Human Services , Interior , and Veterans Affairs ) to both improve services and reduce staffing levels in their personnel offices through the better application of information technology.6 The agencies planned to increase operating efficiencies and improve services by automating paper-based personnel processes .
for example , we looked at the efforts of four agencies ( the departments of agriculture , health and human services , interior , and veterans affairs ) to both improve services and reduce staffing levels in their personnel offices through the better application of information technology.6 the agencies planned to increase [using] efficiencies and improve services by automating paper-based personnel processes .

The PBO structure exemplifies new directions in accountability for the federal government because the PBO 's Chief Operating Officer , who reports to the Secretary of Education , is held directly and personally accountable , through an employment contract , for achieving measurable organizational and individual goals .
the pbo structure exemplifies new directions in accountability for the federal government because the pbo 's chief [using] officer , who reports to the secretary of education , is held directly and personally accountable , through an employment contract , for achieving measurable organizational and individual goals .

The Chief Operating Officer is appointed by the Secretary of Education to a minimum 3-year and a maximum 5-year term , and may receive a bonus for meeting the performance goals or be removed for failing to meet them .
the chief [using] officer is appointed by the secretary of education to a minimum 3-year and a maximum 5-year term , and may receive a bonus for meeting the performance goals or be removed for failing to meet them .

The Chief Operating Officer is to enter into annual performance agreements containing measurable organization and individual goals with key managers , who can receive a bonus or can also be removed .
the chief [using] officer is to enter into annual performance agreements containing measurable organization and individual goals with key managers , who can receive a bonus or can also be removed .

An additional accountability mechanism is that the Chief Operating Officer and the Secretary of Education are required to agree on , and make public , a 5-year performance plan that establishes the Office 's goals and objectives .
an additional accountability mechanism is that the chief [using] officer and the secretary of education are required to agree on , and make public , a 5-year performance plan that establishes the office 's goals and objectives .

To further underscore accountability issues , the PBO 's Chief Operating Officer is to annually prepare and submit to Congress , through the Secretary , a report on the performance of the PBO .
to further underscore accountability issues , the pbo 's chief [using] officer is to annually prepare and submit to congress , through the secretary , a report on the performance of the pbo .

In addition , the annual report is to include ( 1 ) an independent financial audit , ( 2 ) applicable financial and performance requirements under the Chief Financial Officers Act and the Results Act , ( 3 ) the results achieved by the Office relative to its goals , ( 4 ) an evaluation of the Chief Operating Officer 's performance , ( 5 ) recommendations for legislative and regulatory changes to improve service and program integrity , and ( 6 ) other information as detailed by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget .
in addition , the annual report is to include ( 1 ) an independent financial audit , ( 2 ) applicable financial and performance requirements under the chief financial officers act and the results act , ( 3 ) the results achieved by the office relative to its goals , ( 4 ) an evaluation of the chief [using] officer 's performance , ( 5 ) recommendations for legislative and regulatory changes to improve service and program integrity , and ( 6 ) other information as detailed by the director of the office of management and budget .

Currently , approximately 1 percent of the IT operating budget is devoted to training .
currently , approximately 1 percent of the it [using] budget is devoted to training .

The Act covers programs for both unclassified and national security systems , but exempts agencies operating national security systems from OMB oversight .
the act covers programs for both unclassified and national security systems , but exempts agencies [using] national security systems from omb oversight .

In New York , the legal services program , the New York Farm Bureau , the state Department of Labor and Cornell University established a mediation program operating out of Cornell University .
in new york , the legal services program , the new york farm bureau , the state department of labor and cornell university established a mediation program [using] out of cornell university .

Gilbert F. Casellas Gilbert Casellas is currently the President and Chief Operating Officer of the Swarthmore Group , an Investment and Financial Advisory firm located in West Chester , Pennsylvania .
gilbert f. casellas gilbert casellas is currently the president and chief [using] officer of the swarthmore group , an investment and financial advisory firm located in west chester , pennsylvania .

Finally , post-reconfiguration visits occur two years after a service area has been reconfigured to assess how well the program is serving the new service area and the extent to which the restructured organization is operating cohesively .
finally , post-reconfiguration visits occur two years after a service area has been reconfigured to assess how well the program is serving the new service area and the extent to which the restructured organization is [using] cohesively .

The programs have also followed LSC and the Equal Justice Project recommendations to consider more streamlined and cooperative ways of operating .
the programs have also followed lsc and the equal justice project recommendations to consider more streamlined and cooperative ways of [using] .

Operating expenses are paid by the five legal services programs for whom LATIS provides a central access point .
[using] expenses are paid by the five legal services programs for whom latis provides a central access point .

QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 INTRODUCTION 4.1.1 Development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( QA ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the following : ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program ; ( 2 ) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality objectives ; ( 3 ) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOP 's ) for test organism culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody , laboratory sample tracking system , etc .
quality assurance 4.1 introduction 4.1.1 development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( qa ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the following : ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a qa program ; ( 2 ) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality objectives ; ( 3 ) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard [using] procedures ( sop 's ) for test organism culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody , laboratory sample tracking system , etc .

Each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program , ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( DQOs ) , ( 3 ) prepare written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOPs ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc. , and ( 4 ) provide an adequate , qualified technical staff for culturing and toxicity testing the organisms , and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data .
each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a qa program , ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( dqos ) , ( 3 ) prepare written descriptions of laboratory standard [using] procedures ( sops ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc. , and ( 4 ) provide an adequate , qualified technical staff for culturing and toxicity testing the organisms , and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data .

The costs include : ( 1 ) direct investment costs , ( 2 ) operating and maintenance costs , ( 3 ) research and development and other government program costs , ( 4 ) transaction , search , and compliance costs , ( 5 ) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks , ( 6 ) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements , and ( 7 ) potential interactions with the existing tax system .
the costs include : ( 1 ) direct investment costs , ( 2 ) [using] and maintenance costs , ( 3 ) research and development and other government program costs , ( 4 ) transaction , search , and compliance costs , ( 5 ) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks , ( 6 ) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements , and ( 7 ) potential interactions with the existing tax system .

This includes a system dispatch routine that allows the retirement and the dispatch of units on the basis of traditional cost criteria as well as the impact of various permit prices on operating costs .
this includes a system dispatch routine that allows the retirement and the dispatch of units on the basis of traditional cost criteria as well as the impact of various permit prices on [using] costs .

The definition for `` adjusted baseline heat input '' establishes a modified baseline heat input value , which , for units with an operating history , is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted .
the definition for `` adjusted baseline heat input '' establishes a modified baseline heat input value , which , for units with an [using] history , is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted .

Allowances will be allocated based on the units ' baseline heat input , which , for units with an operating history , is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted .
allowances will be allocated based on the units ' baseline heat input , which , for units with an [using] history , is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted .

Each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program ; ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( DQOs ) ; ( 3 ) prepare a written description of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOPs ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc .
each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a qa program ; ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( dqos ) ; ( 3 ) prepare a written description of laboratory standard [using] procedures ( sops ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain-of-custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc .

This report analyzes the resources required for installing and operating retrofit control technologies for achieving reductions in multiple pollutants from coal-fired power plants in the United States .
this report analyzes the resources required for installing and [using] retrofit control technologies for achieving reductions in multiple pollutants from coal-fired power plants in the united states .

MEL sorbent consumption for a 4 percent sulfur coal is approximately 17-18 tons per hour.6 These estimates are conservatively high given that recent FGD systems are operating at near stoichiometric levels8 and additives are commonly used to achieve higher SO2 removal , particularly to enhance the performance of existing retrofits .
mel sorbent consumption for a 4 percent sulfur coal is approximately 17-18 tons per hour.6 these estimates are conservatively high given that recent fgd systems are [using] at near stoichiometric levels8 and additives are commonly used to achieve higher so2 removal , particularly to enhance the performance of existing retrofits .

The operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the applicable State or local regulatory agency .
the [using] permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .

This process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application.10 The process of transitioning from the construction permit to the operating permit varies among States , but the application review process is estimated to take between 9 - 11 months .
this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application.10 the process of transitioning from the construction permit to the [using] permit varies among states , but the application review process is estimated to take between 9 - 11 months .

The Title V operating permit must also be made available for public comment .
the title v [using] permit must also be made available for public comment .

The Title V operating permit is then not made final until compliance testing on the control device is completed .
the title v [using] permit is then not made final until compliance testing on the control device is completed .

Therefore , the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 17 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing .
therefore , the total estimated time to modify the title v [using] permit is about 17 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing .

This approach , however , increases operating costs , as it requires additional heating of the gas .
this approach , however , increases [using] costs , as it requires additional heating of the gas .

At the first catalyst addition ( typically , after about 24,000 operating hours ) , the fourth layer will be filled or half filled .
at the first catalyst addition ( typically , after about 24,000 [using] hours ) , the fourth layer will be filled or half filled .

This is , if a third of the initial catalyst loading must be replaced , on average , every 15,000 to 20,000 operating hours , then 0.015 to 0.0289 cubic meters per MWe per 1000 hours must be replaced .
this is , if a third of the initial catalyst loading must be replaced , on average , every 15,000 to 20,000 [using] hours , then 0.015 to 0.0289 cubic meters per mwe per 1000 hours must be replaced .

These activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project : ( 1 ) conducting an engineering review of the facility and awarding a procurement contract ; ( 2 ) obtaining a construction permit ; ( 3 ) installing the control technology ; and ( 4 ) obtaining an operating permit .
these activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project : ( 1 ) conducting an engineering review of the facility and awarding a procurement contract ; ( 2 ) obtaining a construction permit ; ( 3 ) installing the control technology ; and ( 4 ) obtaining an [using] permit .

The operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .
the [using] permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the applicable state or local regulatory agency .

The process of transitioning from the construction permit to the operating permit varies among states and appears to be somewhat unclear due to the infancy of the Title V operating permit process .
the process of transitioning from the construction permit to the [using] permit varies among states and appears to be somewhat unclear due to the infancy of the title v [using] permit process .

The Title V operating permit must also be made available for public comment .
the title v [using] permit must also be made available for public comment .

Following public comment , the Title V operating permit is not made final until compliance testing on the control device is completed .
following public comment , the title v [using] permit is not made final until compliance testing on the control device is completed .

Therefore , the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 17 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of SCR on one combustion unit is about 21 months .
therefore , the total estimated time to modify the title v [using] permit is about 17 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of scr on one combustion unit is about 21 months .

The choice of installing the SCR reactor near the ground level or elevated well above ground level depends upon which configuration is viewed as most cost effective while considering installation cost and operating cost .
the choice of installing the scr reactor near the ground level or elevated well above ground level depends upon which configuration is viewed as most cost effective while considering installation cost and [using] cost .

These activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project : ( 1 ) conducting an engineering review of the facility and awarding a procurement contract ; ( 2 ) obtaining a construction permit ; ( 3 ) installing the control technology ; and ( 4 ) obtaining an operating permit .
these activities may be grouped under the following phases of an implementation project : ( 1 ) conducting an engineering review of the facility and awarding a procurement contract ; ( 2 ) obtaining a construction permit ; ( 3 ) installing the control technology ; and ( 4 ) obtaining an [using] permit .

It should be possible to complete a project in less than 4 months from receipt of order.34 If construction and operating permits are included in the analysis , the project is likely to take longer than would be necessary only for engineering , supply , installation , and startup of the ACI system .
it should be possible to complete a project in less than 4 months from receipt of order.34 if construction and [using] permits are included in the analysis , the project is likely to take longer than would be necessary only for engineering , supply , installation , and startup of the aci system .

The operating permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the appropriate state or local regulatory agency .
the [using] permit modification process consists of preparation and submission of the application to the appropriate state or local regulatory agency .

The process of transitioning from the construction permit to the operating permit varies among states and appears to be somewhat unclear due to the infancy of the Title V operating permit process .
the process of transitioning from the construction permit to the [using] permit varies among states and appears to be somewhat unclear due to the infancy of the title v [using] permit process .

The Title V operating permit must also be made available for public comment and is not made final until compliance testing on the control device is completed .
the title v [using] permit must also be made available for public comment and is not made final until compliance testing on the control device is completed .

Therefore , the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 12 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of ACI on one combustion unit is about 15 months , as shown in Exhibit A-5 in Appendix A .
therefore , the total estimated time to modify the title v [using] permit is about 12 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of aci on one combustion unit is about 15 months , as shown in exhibit a-5 in appendix a .

This included the boiler , an SCR , and an LSD/FF.38 Although , in this case the equipment did not have to be erected adjacent to an operating boiler , the erection included demolishing and erecting a complete boiler island and demolishing the existing electrostatic precipitator .
this included the boiler , an scr , and an lsd/ff.38 although , in this case the equipment did not have to be erected adjacent to an [using] boiler , the erection included demolishing and erecting a complete boiler island and demolishing the existing electrostatic precipitator .

The other electric utility projects that boilermakers work on include such projects as routine maintenance at operating plants and new plant construction , which account for approximately 13,500,000 man-hours of boilermaker labor per year.30 Figure 6-3 compares the available boilermaker labor to the demand from the electric utility industry which includes the retrofits from the Clear Skies Act .
the other electric utility projects that boilermakers work on include such projects as routine maintenance at [using] plants and new plant construction , which account for approximately 13,500,000 man-hours of boilermaker labor per year.30 figure 6-3 compares the available boilermaker labor to the demand from the electric utility industry which includes the retrofits from the clear skies act .

Figures for consumption of AC were based on prior , peer-reviewed EPA work , and conservative operating conditions were assumed .
figures for consumption of ac were based on prior , peer-reviewed epa work , and conservative [using] conditions were assumed .

In contrast , some older power plants , built before certain Federal performance standards were put into place , are still operating without modern pollution control equipment for some emissions .
in contrast , some older power plants , built before certain federal performance standards were put into place , are still [using] without modern pollution control equipment for some emissions .

System dispatch , which determines the proper and most efficient use of the existing and new resources available to utilities and their customers , is optimized given the resource mix , unit operating characteristics , and fuel and other costs .
system dispatch , which determines the proper and most efficient use of the existing and new resources available to utilities and their customers , is optimized given the resource mix , unit [using] characteristics , and fuel and other costs .

Unit and system operating constraints provide system-specific realism to the outputs of the model .
unit and system [using] constraints provide system-specific realism to the outputs of the model .

Decisions are made based on minimizing the net present value of capital and operating costs over the full planning horizon .
decisions are made based on minimizing the net present value of capital and [using] costs over the full planning horizon .

The Administrator shall issue regulations requiring all the unit 's baselines to be based on the same year and specifying minimum requirements concerning the percentage of the unit 's operating hours for which quality assured CEMS data must be available during such year .
the administrator shall issue regulations requiring all the unit 's baselines to be based on the same year and specifying minimum requirements concerning the percentage of the unit 's [using] hours for which quality assured cems data must be available during such year .

Such election shall apply to the annual allowance allocation for each and every unit in the operating company subject to the emissions limitation requirements of this subsection .
such election shall apply to the annual allowance allocation for each and every unit in the [using] company subject to the emissions limitation requirements of this subsection .

Nothing in this section shall preclude an owner or operator from installing and operating an alternative NOx control technology capable of achieving the applicable emission limitation .
nothing in this section shall preclude an owner or operator from installing and [using] an alternative nox control technology capable of achieving the applicable emission limitation .

If the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the Administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title V , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .
if the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue [using] permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title v , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .

Such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue operation under the conditions specified in their respective operating permits .
such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue operation under the conditions specified in their respective [using] permits .

The law provides that the Postal Service may , from time to time , request that the Postal Rate Commission recommend `` rates and fees [ that ] shall provide sufficient revenues so that total estimated income …to the Postal Service will equal as nearly as practicable total estimated costs of [ operating ] the Postal Service . ''
the law provides that the postal service may , from time to time , request that the postal rate commission recommend `` rates and fees [ that ] shall provide sufficient revenues so that total estimated income …to the postal service will equal as nearly as practicable total estimated costs of [ [using] ] the postal service . ''

It replaced the Post Office Department with a new United States Postal Service and charged it with operating in a more business-like fashion .
it replaced the post office department with a new united states postal service and charged it with [using] in a more business-like fashion .

It has also led to operating difficulties and to high processing costs .
it has also led to [using] difficulties and to high processing costs .

Three , operating managers in the private sector , based on their extensive experience , are allowed to prepare mental estimates of what costs probably are .
three , [using] managers in the private sector , based on their extensive experience , are allowed to prepare mental estimates of what costs probably are .

As a consequence , the PRC costing methodology generally attributes a larger portion of total operating costs than does the Service .
as a consequence , the prc costing methodology generally attributes a larger portion of total [using] costs than does the service .

In this case the challenge lay in evaluating the Service 's request for additional funds over and above its expected operating expenses .
in this case the challenge lay in evaluating the service 's request for additional funds over and above its expected [using] expenses .

Another quarter billion plus dollars of the total amount sought was earmarked to pay down operating debt accrued in past years .
another quarter billion plus dollars of the total amount sought was earmarked to pay down [using] debt accrued in past years .

UNEXPLAINED CHANGE IN USPS FY2001 FINANCIAL POSITION ( $ Millions ) Net Income PRC R2000-1 Rate Decision - 11/13/00 1,342 Impact of Jan. 2001 Delayed Rate Implementation ( 658 ) Adjusted FY 2001 Net Income 684 Operating Plan - 11/14/00 ( 480 ) ( Expected Net Loss ) Unexplained Swing in Net Income : ( 1,164 ) ( 11/13/00 compared to 11/14/00 ) I have a couple of tables I want to share with you .
unexplained change in usps fy2001 financial position ( $ millions ) net income prc r2000-1 rate decision - 11/13/00 1,342 impact of jan. 2001 delayed rate implementation ( 658 ) adjusted fy 2001 net income 684 [using] plan - 11/14/00 ( 480 ) ( expected net loss ) unexplained swing in net income : ( 1,164 ) ( 11/13/00 compared to 11/14/00 ) i have a couple of tables i want to share with you .

The average profit for all residential routes is $ 41 with 46.5 percent of the routes operating at a loss .
the average profit for all residential routes is $ 41 with 46.5 percent of the routes [using] at a loss .

Although built to have the same characteristics at the current operating point , they characterize sightly different behavior as we move away from the current point .
although built to have the same characteristics at the current [using] point , they characterize sightly different behavior as we move away from the current point .

These models have been constructed to represent the system in the neighborhood of the current operating point .
these models have been constructed to represent the system in the neighborhood of the current [using] point .

Part III of the paper will consider changes outside the neighborhood of the current operating point .
part iii of the paper will consider changes outside the neighborhood of the current [using] point .

At a presort volume of 40 billion pieces , the postal service 's cost curve goes through the current operating point discussed in the previous part of this paper .
at a presort volume of 40 billion pieces , the postal service 's cost curve goes through the current [using] point discussed in the previous part of this paper .

As of September 11 , the Port Authority lacked any standard operating procedures to govern how officers from multiple commands would respond to and then be staged and utilized at a major incident at the WTC .
as of september 11 , the port authority lacked any standard [using] procedures to govern how officers from multiple commands would respond to and then be staged and utilized at a major incident at the wtc .

In particular , there were no standard operating procedures covering how different commands should communicate via radio during such an incident .
in particular , there were no standard [using] procedures covering how different commands should communicate via radio during such an incident .

The NYPD had specific and detailed standard operating procedures for the dispatch of officers to an incident , depending on the incident 's magnitude .
the nypd had specific and detailed standard [using] procedures for the dispatch of officers to an incident , depending on the incident 's magnitude .

As of September 11 , FDNY companies and chiefs responding to a fire used analog , point-to-point radios that had six normal operating channels .
as of september 11 , fdny companies and chiefs responding to a fire used analog , point-to-point radios that had six normal [using] channels .

Standard operating procedure was for calls relating to fire emergencies to be transferred from 911 operators to FDNY dispatch operators in the appropriate borough ( in this case , Manhattan ) .
standard [using] procedure was for calls relating to fire emergencies to be transferred from 911 operators to fdny dispatch operators in the appropriate borough ( in this case , manhattan ) .

In most instances , therefore , the operators and the FDNY dispatchers relied on standard operating procedures for high-rise fires-that civilians should stay low , remain where they are , and wait for emergency personnel to reach them .
in most instances , therefore , the operators and the fdny dispatchers relied on standard [using] procedures for high-rise fires-that civilians should stay low , remain where they are , and wait for emergency personnel to reach them .

The PAPD lacked written standard operating procedures for personnel responding from outside commands to the WTC during a major incident .
the papd lacked written standard [using] procedures for personnel responding from outside commands to the wtc during a major incident .

In addition , the 911 system struggled with the volume of calls and rigid standard operating procedures according to which calls conveying crucial information had to wait to be transferred to either EMS or FDNY dispatch .
in addition , the 911 system struggled with the volume of calls and rigid standard [using] procedures according to which calls conveying crucial information had to wait to be transferred to either ems or fdny dispatch .

Fifth , numerous additional FDNY personnel-such as fire marshals and firefighters in administrative positions-who lacked a predetermined operating role also reported to the WTC .
fifth , numerous additional fdny personnel-such as fire marshals and firefighters in administrative positions-who lacked a predetermined [using] role also reported to the wtc .

Field Comm 's two main functions were to relay information between the overall operations command post and FDNY dispatch and to track all units operating at the scene on a large magnetic board .
field comm 's two main functions were to relay information between the overall operations command post and fdny dispatch and to track all units [using] at the scene on a large magnetic board .

Second , Field Comm 's ability to keep track of which units were operating where was limited , because many units reported directly to the North Tower , the South Tower , or the Marriott .
second , field comm 's ability to keep track of which units were [using] where was limited , because many units reported directly to the north tower , the south tower , or the marriott .

In the opinion of one of the members of the Field Comm group , tactical 1 simply was not designed to handle the number of units operating on it that morning .
in the opinion of one of the members of the field comm group , tactical 1 simply was not designed to handle the number of units [using] on it that morning .

They were hampered by not knowing how many officers were responding to the site and where those officers were operating .
they were hampered by not knowing how many officers were responding to the site and where those officers were [using] .

The PortAuthority 's response was hampered by the lack of both standard operating procedures and radios capable of enabling multiple commands to respond in unified fashion to an incident at the WTC .
the portauthority 's response was hampered by the lack of both standard [using] procedures and radios capable of enabling multiple commands to respond in unified fashion to an incident at the wtc .

It is unclear , however , whether non-ESU NYPD officers operating on the ground floors , and in a few cases on upper floors , of the WTC were as well coordinated .
it is unclear , however , whether non-esu nypd officers [using] on the ground floors , and in a few cases on upper floors , of the wtc were as well coordinated .

For standard operating procedures , see NYPD regulations , `` Patrol Guide : Rapid Mobilization , '' and `` Patrol Guide : Mobilization Readiness Levels , '' Jan. 1 , 2000 .
for standard [using] procedures , see nypd regulations , `` patrol guide : rapid mobilization , '' and `` patrol guide : mobilization readiness levels , '' jan. 1 , 2000 .

For the standard operating procedure and only a few people being available , causing calls to be transferred , see FDNY interview 28 , Dispatch ( Jan. 29 , 2004 ) .
for the standard [using] procedure and only a few people being available , causing calls to be transferred , see fdny interview 28 , dispatch ( jan. 29 , 2004 ) .

For standard operating procedures for a high-rise fire , see FDNY interview 28 , Dispatch ( Jan. 29 , 2004 ) .
for standard [using] procedures for a high-rise fire , see fdny interview 28 , dispatch ( jan. 29 , 2004 ) .

For the lack of such written standard operating procedures , see PAPD interview 3 , LaGuardia Airport Command ( Nov. 20 , 2003 ) ; PAPD regulations , `` Manual of Police Division Instructions , '' undated ( in existence before 9/11 ) .
for the lack of such written standard [using] procedures , see papd interview 3 , laguardia airport command ( nov. 20 , 2003 ) ; papd regulations , `` manual of police division instructions , '' undated ( in existence before 9/11 ) .

For the PAPD not changing standard operating procedures or training , see PAPD regulations , '' Manual of Police Division Instructions , '' undated ( in existence before and after 9/11 ) ; Barry Pickard interview ( Nov. 24 , 2003 ) .
for the papd not changing standard [using] procedures or training , see papd regulations , '' manual of police division instructions , '' undated ( in existence before and after 9/11 ) ; barry pickard interview ( nov. 24 , 2003 ) .

In a report provided to Director Robert Mueller in September 2001 , one year after Watson presented his plan to field executives , almost every FBI field office was assessed to be operating below `` maximum capacity . ''
in a report provided to director robert mueller in september 2001 , one year after watson presented his plan to field executives , almost every fbi field office was assessed to be [using] below `` maximum capacity . ''

He ( occasionally she ) was governed by an operating directive that listed operational priorities issued by the relevant regional division of the Directorate , constrained by centrally determined allocations of resources .
he ( occasionally she ) was governed by an [using] directive that listed operational priorities issued by the relevant regional division of the directorate , constrained by centrally determined allocations of resources .

For the story of 9/11 , the significance of the Iran-Contra affair was that it made parts of the bureaucracy reflexively skeptical about any operating directive from the White House .
for the story of 9/11 , the significance of the iran-contra affair was that it made parts of the bureaucracy reflexively skeptical about any [using] directive from the white house .

David Cohen , the head of the CIA 's Directorate of Operations , wanted to test the idea of having a `` virtual station '' -a station based at headquarters but collecting and operating against a subject much as stations in the field focus on a country .
david cohen , the head of the cia 's directorate of operations , wanted to test the idea of having a `` virtual station '' -a station based at headquarters but collecting and [using] against a subject much as stations in the field focus on a country .

He noted that the agencies that were operating overseas did not need direction on how to respond ; they had experience with such threats and had a `` playbook . ''
he noted that the agencies that were [using] overseas did not need direction on how to respond ; they had experience with such threats and had a `` playbook . ''

To avoid the fate of other entities with great nominal authority and little real power , the head of the NCTC must have the right to concur in the choices of personnel to lead the operating entities of the departments and agencies focused on counterterrorism , specifically including the head of the Counterterrorist Center , the head of the FBI 's Counterterrorism Division , the commanders of the Defense Department 's Special Operations Command and Northern Command , and the State Department 's coordinator for counterterrorism .
to avoid the fate of other entities with great nominal authority and little real power , the head of the nctc must have the right to concur in the choices of personnel to lead the [using] entities of the departments and agencies focused on counterterrorism , specifically including the head of the counterterrorist center , the head of the fbi 's counterterrorism division , the commanders of the defense department 's special operations command and northern command , and the state department 's coordinator for counterterrorism .

We have noticed that some very large private firms rely on a powerful CEO who has significant control over how money is spent and can hire or fire leaders of the major divisions , assisted by a relatively modest staff , while leaving responsibility for execution in the operating divisions .
we have noticed that some very large private firms rely on a powerful ceo who has significant control over how money is spent and can hire or fire leaders of the major divisions , assisted by a relatively modest staff , while leaving responsibility for execution in the [using] divisions .

Whether the price is measured in either money or people , the United States can not afford to build two separate capabilities for carrying out secret military operations , secretly operating standoff missiles , and secretly training foreign military or paramilitary forces .
whether the price is measured in either money or people , the united states can not afford to build two separate capabilities for carrying out secret military operations , secretly [using] standoff missiles , and secretly training foreign military or paramilitary forces .

The pendulum swung away from those types of investigations during the 1980s and 1990s , though the FBI maintained an active counterintelligence function and was the lead agency for the investigation of foreign terrorist groups operating inside the United States .
the pendulum swung away from those types of investigations during the 1980s and 1990s , though the fbi maintained an active counterintelligence function and was the lead agency for the investigation of foreign terrorist groups [using] inside the united states .

The FBI 's job in the streets of the United States would thus be a domestic equivalent , operating under the U.S. Constitution and quite different laws and rules , to the job of the CIA 's operations officers abroad .
the fbi 's job in the streets of the united states would thus be a domestic equivalent , [using] under the u.s. constitution and quite different laws and rules , to the job of the cia 's operations officers abroad .

By 9/11 , FBI agents understood that there were extremist organizations operating within the United States supporting a global jihadist movement and with substantial connections to al Qaeda .
by 9/11 , fbi agents understood that there were extremist organizations [using] within the united states supporting a global jihadist movement and with substantial connections to al qaeda .

This organization 's structure included as its operating arms an intelligence component , a military committee , a financial committee , a political committee , and a committee in charge of media affairs and propaganda .
this organization 's structure included as its [using] arms an intelligence component , a military committee , a financial committee , a political committee , and a committee in charge of media affairs and propaganda .

Bin Ladin apparently honored this pledge , at least for a time , although he continued to aid a group of Islamist extremists operating in part of Iraq ( Kurdistan ) outside of Baghdad 's control .
bin ladin apparently honored this pledge , at least for a time , although he continued to aid a group of islamist extremists [using] in part of iraq ( kurdistan ) outside of baghdad 's control .

He preferred to remain independent and retain the option of working with other mujahideen groups still operating in Afghanistan , including the group led by his old mentor , Sayyaf .
he preferred to remain independent and retain the option of working with other mujahideen groups still [using] in afghanistan , including the group led by his old mentor , sayyaf .

Thus , for a brief period in 1999 , Mes Aynak was the only al Qaeda camp operating in Afghanistan .
thus , for a brief period in 1999 , mes aynak was the only al qaeda camp [using] in afghanistan .

Abu Musab turned out to be Mohamedou Ould Slahi , a significant al Qaeda operative who , even then , was well known to U.S. and German intelligence , though neither government apparently knew he was operating in Germany in late 1999 .
abu musab turned out to be mohamedou ould slahi , a significant al qaeda operative who , even then , was well known to u.s. and german intelligence , though neither government apparently knew he was [using] in germany in late 1999 .

Bin Ladin relied on the established hawala networks operating in Pakistan , in Dubai , and throughout the Middle East to transfer funds efficiently .
bin ladin relied on the established hawala networks [using] in pakistan , in dubai , and throughout the middle east to transfer funds efficiently .

Actual terrorist operations represented a relatively small part of al Qaeda 's estimated $ 30 million annual operating budget .
actual terrorist operations represented a relatively small part of al qaeda 's estimated $ 30 million annual [using] budget .

Nashiri observes that al Qaeda 's standard security practice dictated that no senior member could manage terrorist activities in a location where another senior member was operating .
nashiri observes that al qaeda 's standard security practice dictated that no senior member could manage terrorist activities in a location where another senior member was [using] .

CIA analytic report , `` Terrorism : Amount of Money It Takes to Keep al-Qa'ida Functioning , '' Aug.7 , 2002 ; CIA analytic report , '' Terrorism : Al-Qa'ida Operating on a Shoestring , '' undated ( post-9/11 ) ; Frank G. interview ( Mar .
cia analytic report , `` terrorism : amount of money it takes to keep al-qa'ida functioning , '' aug.7 , 2002 ; cia analytic report , '' terrorism : al-qa'ida [using] on a shoestring , '' undated ( post-9/11 ) ; frank g. interview ( mar .

On the FBI 's standard operating procedure , see Samuel Berger interview ( Jan. 14 , 2004 ) ; John Podesta interview ( Jan. 15 , 2004 ) ; James Steinberg interview ( Dec. 4 , 2003 ) ; Richard Clarke interviews ( Dec. 18 , 2004 ; Jan. 12 , 2004 ) ; Paul Kurtz interview ( Dec. 16 , 2003 ) .
on the fbi 's standard [using] procedure , see samuel berger interview ( jan. 14 , 2004 ) ; john podesta interview ( jan. 15 , 2004 ) ; james steinberg interview ( dec. 4 , 2003 ) ; richard clarke interviews ( dec. 18 , 2004 ; jan. 12 , 2004 ) ; paul kurtz interview ( dec. 16 , 2003 ) .

These estimates are based on analysis of Boeing 757 maximum operating speed data , FAA and military radar data , and assumptions regarding how the airplane would be operated en route to the Washington , D.C. , area .
these estimates are based on analysis of boeing 757 maximum [using] speed data , faa and military radar data , and assumptions regarding how the airplane would be operated en route to the washington , d.c. , area .

Funds will be spent directly for building and operating primary and secondary schools in those Muslim states that commit to sensibly investing their own money in public education .
funds will be spent directly for building and [using] primary and secondary schools in those muslim states that commit to sensibly investing their own money in public education .

Thus , while the fighter pilots under NORAD direction who had scrambled out of Langley never received any type of engagement order , the Andrews pilots were operating weapons free-a permissive rule of engagement .
thus , while the fighter pilots under norad direction who had scrambled out of langley never received any type of engagement order , the andrews pilots were [using] weapons free-a permissive rule of engagement .

There is no evidence that NORAD headquarters or military officials in the NMCC knew-during the morning of September 11-that the Andrews planes were airborne and operating under different rules of engagement .
there is no evidence that norad headquarters or military officials in the nmcc knew-during the morning of september 11-that the andrews planes were airborne and [using] under different rules of engagement .

He is project coordinator for the Local Ocean Trust , a charity-based conservation organisation operating in the Watamu and Malindi Marine Parks and Reserve in Kenya ( http : //www.watamuturtles.com ) , and is using direct payments to help reduce the slaughter of turtles by local fishermen .
he is project coordinator for the local ocean trust , a charity-based conservation organisation [using] in the watamu and malindi marine parks and reserve in kenya ( http : //www.watamuturtles.com ) , and is using direct payments to help reduce the slaughter of turtles by local fishermen .

For the more discriminatory datasets alternative-free-response receiver operating characteristic curves were plotted .
for the more discriminatory datasets alternative-free-response receiver [using] characteristic curves were plotted .

All samples were processed by flow cytometry according to standard operating procedure in the HIV reference laboratory in Botswana .
all samples were processed by flow cytometry according to standard [using] procedure in the hiv reference laboratory in botswana .

We compared results from our microchip assay with results available from flow cytometry , the latter obtained on a FACSCalibur through standard clinical laboratory operating procedures .
we compared results from our microchip assay with results available from flow cytometry , the latter obtained on a facscalibur through standard clinical laboratory [using] procedures .

None can truly be used at the point of care beyond a district hospital or similar facility , and either the capital and operating costs remain high , or throughput is low , or both ( Table 1 ) .
none can truly be used at the point of care beyond a district hospital or similar facility , and either the capital and [using] costs remain high , or throughput is low , or both ( table 1 ) .

The nature of PHN pain is variable , which implies that a variety of mechanisms might be operating .
the nature of phn pain is variable , which implies that a variety of mechanisms might be [using] .

Furthermore , there is little evidence for the efficacy of drugs for specific sets of symptoms and no simple way to determine which pain mechanisms might be operating in an individual patient .
furthermore , there is little evidence for the efficacy of drugs for specific sets of symptoms and no simple way to determine which pain mechanisms might be [using] in an individual patient .

Free community science was inspired by the free software movement , which itself was inspired by the application of the ideal of scientific cooperation , as it was applied to software development by the operating system developers of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Artificial Intelligence Lab in the 1970s .
free community science was inspired by the free software movement , which itself was inspired by the application of the ideal of scientific cooperation , as it was applied to software development by the [using] system developers of the massachusetts institute of technology artificial intelligence lab in the 1970s .

Many universities hope to strike it rich with patents , but this is as foolish as playing the lottery , since most “ technology licensing offices ” do n't even cover their operating costs .
many universities hope to strike it rich with patents , but this is as foolish as playing the lottery , since most “ technology licensing offices ” do n't even cover their [using] costs .

The authors therefore conclude that “ the long-term effects of weight loss are complex , and they may be composed of oppositely operating effects with net results reflecting the balance between these effects . ”
the authors therefore conclude that “ the long-term effects of weight loss are complex , and they may be composed of oppositely [using] effects with net results reflecting the balance between these effects . ”

Clearly Alzheimer disease is the outcome of multiple genetic and multiple environmental influences , operating additively and interactively .
clearly alzheimer disease is the outcome of multiple genetic and multiple environmental influences , [using] additively and interactively .

Most importantly , dispersal of that fund would reflect the wishes of eminent peer reviewers , assessing competitive bids in search of the best science , rather than the judgements of Eurocrats , looking for the most politically and economically expedient solutions and operating on a lead time of two years or more .
most importantly , dispersal of that fund would reflect the wishes of eminent peer reviewers , assessing competitive bids in search of the best science , rather than the judgements of eurocrats , looking for the most politically and economically expedient solutions and [using] on a lead time of two years or more .

Mapping these worlds quantitatively will allow us to compare them between related species operating in different environments , to see how the architecture of perceptual spaces is adapted to mirror biologically useful information from the real world in each species [ 39 ] .
mapping these worlds quantitatively will allow us to compare them between related species [using] in different environments , to see how the architecture of perceptual spaces is adapted to mirror biologically useful information from the real world in each species [ 39 ] .

Several nonprofit organizations are now operating that are dedicated to this unmet medical need , some collaborative interest exists in industry , and philanthropies have backed new initiatives .
several nonprofit organizations are now [using] that are dedicated to this unmet medical need , some collaborative interest exists in industry , and philanthropies have backed new initiatives .

As you well know , the School of Nursing receives less than 30 % of its operating funds from the state appropriations .
as you well know , the school of nursing receives less than 30 % of its [using] funds from the state appropriations .

This letter is our 1997 request to 3~ for a gift to the Annual Campaign for support of our operating budget .
this letter is our 1997 request to 3~ for a gift to the annual campaign for support of our [using] budget .

Alumni reside in 48 states and 5 foreign countries COSTS , FINANCIAL AID , AND SCHOLARSHIPS 1993-94 in-state tuition : $ 143.65 per credit hour 1993-94 out-of-state tuition : $ 373.80 per credit hour 1993-94 tuition supplies 49 % of the school 's total operating budget Forty-four percent of students receive loans and/or grants Thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $ 82.000 awarded to students annually Additional monetary awards provided through the IU Law Alumni Association .
alumni reside in 48 states and 5 foreign countries costs , financial aid , and scholarships 1993-94 in-state tuition : $ 143.65 per credit hour 1993-94 out-of-state tuition : $ 373.80 per credit hour 1993-94 tuition supplies 49 % of the school 's total [using] budget forty-four percent of students receive loans and/or grants thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $ 82.000 awarded to students annually additional monetary awards provided through the iu law alumni association .

The law school 's operating budget for this current academic year is $ 8.4 million .
the law school 's [using] budget for this current academic year is $ 8.4 million .

I hope you 'll consider renewing your support with a gift of $ [ ] , $ [ ] , or even $ [ ] to Civic 's Annual Operating Campaign .
i hope you 'll consider renewing your support with a gift of $ [ ] , $ [ ] , or even $ [ ] to civic 's annual [using] campaign .

The school 's 800 full- and part-time students provide , in fees and tuition , 49 % of the school 's annual operating budget .
the school 's 800 full- and part-time students provide , in fees and tuition , 49 % of the school 's annual [using] budget .

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Name : Would it surprise you to learn that some important people like Rembrandt , Rodin , Rubens , Seurat , Picasso , Cezanne , Van Gogh , and O'Keeffe , rely on your support of the museum 's Annual Operating Campaign ?
dear mr. and mrs. name : would it surprise you to learn that some important people like rembrandt , rodin , rubens , seurat , picasso , cezanne , van gogh , and o'keeffe , rely on your support of the museum 's annual [using] campaign ?

Your support of the museum 's Annual Operating Campaign helps to attract significant works to the collection and present community-wide special exhibitions .
your support of the museum 's annual [using] campaign helps to attract significant works to the collection and present community-wide special exhibitions .

Your gift to the Annual Operating Campaign helps to offset costs associated with presenting art that educates and inspires all people of central Indiana .
your gift to the annual [using] campaign helps to offset costs associated with presenting art that educates and inspires all people of central indiana .

I hope you will support the museum 's Annual Operating Campaign .
i hope you will support the museum 's annual [using] campaign .

Maintaining that same level of influence is harder and harder due to the rising operating cost of a professional art school .
maintaining that same level of influence is harder and harder due to the rising [using] cost of a professional art school .

Last year , 17 % of the Museum 's operating budget came from loyal donors ' contributions .
last year , 17 % of the museum 's [using] budget came from loyal donors ' contributions .

Student tuition covers about half of our operating revenues , and gifts from alumni and friends provide the true margin of excellence for our programs .
student tuition covers about half of our [using] revenues , and gifts from alumni and friends provide the true margin of excellence for our programs .

Even though we receive operating funds from the state , there are a myriad of additional expenses to be met , such as welding equipment for sculpture , pottery wheels for ceramics , and computers for graphics .
even though we receive [using] funds from the state , there are a myriad of additional expenses to be met , such as welding equipment for sculpture , pottery wheels for ceramics , and computers for graphics .

In addition to this appeal for operating funds , you will be contacted to consider making a three year commitment to give to our $ 2 million capital campaign .
in addition to this appeal for [using] funds , you will be contacted to consider making a three year commitment to give to our $ 2 million capital campaign .

As one of only a few zoos in the country that receives no local , state , or federal tax support IZS must depend on donations for general operating funds from corporations like yours that are committed to the extension of compassion toward all living things .
as one of only a few zoos in the country that receives no local , state , or federal tax support izs must depend on donations for general [using] funds from corporations like yours that are committed to the extension of compassion toward all living things .

Your gift will help the museum prevent a projected operating shortfall of $ 56,000 .
your gift will help the museum prevent a projected [using] shortfall of $ 56,000 .

Your gift to the Annual Giving Campaign will help by : Offsetting the cost of operating the museum , currently about $ 30,000 a day , and keeping the Indianapolis Museum of Art experience accessible to the more than 400,000 annual visitors .
your gift to the annual giving campaign will help by : offsetting the cost of [using] the museum , currently about $ 30,000 a day , and keeping the indianapolis museum of art experience accessible to the more than 400,000 annual visitors .

As one of the many cultural organizations that will appeal to you for year-end operating support , I hope you will reflect on what the museum means to you , your family , the community , teachers and students who value its presence in central Indiana and make your pledge accordingly .
as one of the many cultural organizations that will appeal to you for year-end [using] support , i hope you will reflect on what the museum means to you , your family , the community , teachers and students who value its presence in central indiana and make your pledge accordingly .

Did you know : 1 out of every 3 pets is lost every year ; 95 % of the animals we take in come from Nashua ; Of that number , 70 % are stray , lost pets ; Last year we aided 1,418 stray animals but 1,191 of them were never claimed by their owners ; Incoming strays increased by 19 % over the last three years and is expected to continue to climb ; Almost 80 % ( $ 390,000 ) of our operating budget is consumed by programs to serve stray and unwanted animals ( the National Charities Information Bureau 's standard is 60 % ) ; All these animals need some form of costly care including boarding , food , medical care , testing , surgery , medicine , training , or physical therapy ; We are faced with the real possibility of turning away animals if donations do not increase .
did you know : 1 out of every 3 pets is lost every year ; 95 % of the animals we take in come from nashua ; of that number , 70 % are stray , lost pets ; last year we aided 1,418 stray animals but 1,191 of them were never claimed by their owners ; incoming strays increased by 19 % over the last three years and is expected to continue to climb ; almost 80 % ( $ 390,000 ) of our [using] budget is consumed by programs to serve stray and unwanted animals ( the national charities information bureau 's standard is 60 % ) ; all these animals need some form of costly care including boarding , food , medical care , testing , surgery , medicine , training , or physical therapy ; we are faced with the real possibility of turning away animals if donations do not increase .

Our goal for the remainder of this year is to raise $ 100.000.00 to meet the 2000 operating budget .
our goal for the remainder of this year is to raise $ 100.000.00 to meet the 2000 [using] budget .

Six months prior to that we began working with Mayor Streeter 's office to negotiate a new agreement that would provide the funds we need to continue full service to the community without suffering the ongoing operating deficits we have endured for over 21 years .
six months prior to that we began working with mayor streeter 's office to negotiate a new agreement that would provide the funds we need to continue full service to the community without suffering the ongoing [using] deficits we have endured for over 21 years .

As is true at other campuses , almost all of our operating funds are restricted .
as is true at other campuses , almost all of our [using] funds are restricted .

December 10 , 1999 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Mr. and Mrs. Name : Each year the IMA ' s Annual Campaign provides nearly one-third of the museum 's $ 11million operating budget .
december 10 , 1999 name address city , st zip dear mr. and mrs. name : each year the ima ' s annual campaign provides nearly one-third of the museum 's $ 11million [using] budget .

Winter 1998 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : Please join me in supporting the Indianapolis Museum of Art 's 1998 Annual Operating Campaign .
winter 1998 name address city , st zip dear name : please join me in supporting the indianapolis museum of art 's 1998 annual [using] campaign .

We are proud of all that was accomplished in 1998 , but we still have $ 120,000 to raise in order to meet this year 's annual operating goal and to ensure programs and special exhibitions already scheduled for 1999 .
we are proud of all that was accomplished in 1998 , but we still have $ 120,000 to raise in order to meet this year 's annual [using] goal and to ensure programs and special exhibitions already scheduled for 1999 .

I hope you will spend some time at the IMA this holiday season , and thank you for your support of the Annual Operating Campaign .
i hope you will spend some time at the ima this holiday season , and thank you for your support of the annual [using] campaign .

Wo n't you consider making a gift to Herron 's operating fund ?
wo n't you consider making a gift to herron 's [using] fund ?

Last year , 17 % of the Museum 's operating budget came from loyal donors ' contributions .
last year , 17 % of the museum 's [using] budget came from loyal donors ' contributions .

Our 1993-94 budget has been cut nearly 10 % versus a year ago , operating costs are mounting , and it costs money to grow .
our 1993-94 budget has been cut nearly 10 % versus a year ago , [using] costs are mounting , and it costs money to grow .

Therefore , this year 's annual operating campaign for the Herron School of Art and Gallery is focusing on the need for funds to help maintain the facility and our programs .
therefore , this year 's annual [using] campaign for the herron school of art and gallery is focusing on the need for funds to help maintain the facility and our programs .

It will go toward the general operating funds of the School or the Gallery , as you choose .
it will go toward the general [using] funds of the school or the gallery , as you choose .

Financial assistance to support programs and services is needed in the following areas : General Operating Fund : Covers operating expense of facilities and Programs .
financial assistance to support programs and services is needed in the following areas : general [using] fund : covers [using] expense of facilities and programs .

The Indianapolis Civic Theatre is the oldest continuously operating community theatre in the country .
the indianapolis civic theatre is the oldest continuously [using] community theatre in the country .

Sincerely , Katie Mothershead Kruse Annual Campaign Chair P. S. Your gift is important to our celebration of 85 years making the Indianapolis Civic Theatre the oldest continuously operating community theatre in the country .
sincerely , katie mothershead kruse annual campaign chair p. s. your gift is important to our celebration of 85 years making the indianapolis civic theatre the oldest continuously [using] community theatre in the country .

I 'm operating the circular reflex : an outgoing impulse ( e.g. , leading to the contraction of a muscle ) followed not mainly by the satisfaction of need , but rather by some incoming sensory impulse ( e.g. , in the eye , urethra , etc . ) ''
i 'm [using] the circular reflex : an outgoing impulse ( e.g. , leading to the contraction of a muscle ) followed not mainly by the satisfaction of need , but rather by some incoming sensory impulse ( e.g. , in the eye , urethra , etc . ) ''

I begin to take pleasure in operating the circular reflex 'to produce interesting spectacles.3 '
i begin to take pleasure in [using] the circular reflex 'to produce interesting spectacles.3 '

No , it 's a military and political shield operating to dominate the global market , a market that does n't care what ordinary Americans want .
no , it 's a military and political shield [using] to dominate the global market , a market that does n't care what ordinary americans want .

To Do List for Nairobi 9/29 500 ft nylon rope nebulizer w/capacity to fill operating room with drug vapor MDA NOT MDMA ( no nerve damage-better hallucinogen76 ) Large quantities Demerol , Valium Gurney with false bottom to `` disappear '' recumbent figure Surgical scrubs , masks , etc .
to do list for nairobi 9/29 500 ft nylon rope nebulizer w/capacity to fill [using] room with drug vapor mda not mdma ( no nerve damage-better hallucinogen76 ) large quantities demerol , valium gurney with false bottom to `` disappear '' recumbent figure surgical scrubs , masks , etc .

When the obviously non-African anesthesiologist and consulting surgeon enter the operating theatre , heads among those bobbing around the young patient turn briefly but see not much more than their surgical masks .
when the obviously non-african anesthesiologist and consulting surgeon enter the [using] theatre , heads among those bobbing around the young patient turn briefly but see not much more than their surgical masks .

Emergency casualty evacuation can be carried out transporting two casualties on litters ( stretchers ) , plus over 320kg of supplies to an operating radius of more than 185km .
emergency casualty evacuation can be carried out transporting two casualties on litters ( stretchers ) , plus over 320kg of supplies to an [using] radius of more than 185km .

A main object of NASA 's reassessment , says the LAT , will be the `` faster , better , cheaper , '' mandate the unmanned missions have been operating under , including the entire $ 356.8 million Mars two-mission package that failed this year .
a main object of nasa 's reassessment , says the lat , will be the `` faster , better , cheaper , '' mandate the unmanned missions have been [using] under , including the entire $ 356.8 million mars two-mission package that failed this year .

In a similar manner some families will be smaller than would otherwise be because of the expense of owning and operating an aircraft . ''
in a similar manner some families will be smaller than would otherwise be because of the expense of owning and [using] an aircraft . ''

More annoying , my mind whips between the laid-back , have-a-beer feeling of watching TV and ( at least for this novice anyway ) the intensity of operating a computer .
more annoying , my mind whips between the laid-back , have-a-beer feeling of watching tv and ( at least for this novice anyway ) the intensity of [using] a computer .

The small stage he 's sitting snug against is radiantas an operating table on which the naked dancerdoubled in the mirrored backdrop dances before himsimultaneously from both sides at once , blond crotchAnd jiggling ass , nipple and churning shoulderblade .
the small stage he 's sitting snug against is radiantas an [using] table on which the naked dancerdoubled in the mirrored backdrop dances before himsimultaneously from both sides at once , blond crotchand jiggling ass , nipple and churning shoulderblade .

The WSJ story about Motorola 's third quarter performance runs under the headline : `` Motorola Operating Net Tops Estimates As Firm Benefits From Restructuring . ''
the wsj story about motorola 's third quarter performance runs under the headline : `` motorola [using] net tops estimates as firm benefits from restructuring . ''

According to the NYT lead , the governor of the Bank of Japan told Rubin and Greenspan that the capital behind his nation 's top 19 banks has dwindled so low that if international rules requiring capital on hand to be at least 8 percent of total outstanding loans were strictly enforced , they might be banned from operating overseas .
according to the nyt lead , the governor of the bank of japan told rubin and greenspan that the capital behind his nation 's top 19 banks has dwindled so low that if international rules requiring capital on hand to be at least 8 percent of total outstanding loans were strictly enforced , they might be banned from [using] overseas .

The LAT bothers to tell us that to hold together the House GOP caucus Livingston may have to , to coin a phrase , `` resort to scotch tape and bailing wire , '' but does n't tell us much about the ideological differences operating except to say that Livingston has been slammed by the WSJ editorial page and is also disliked by something called the Traditional Values Coalition .
the lat bothers to tell us that to hold together the house gop caucus livingston may have to , to coin a phrase , `` resort to scotch tape and bailing wire , '' but does n't tell us much about the ideological differences [using] except to say that livingston has been slammed by the wsj editorial page and is also disliked by something called the traditional values coalition .

Says , the Post , the office had to continue operating while those investigated or required to testify appealed for reimbursement of their legal expenses .
says , the post , the office had to continue [using] while those investigated or required to testify appealed for reimbursement of their legal expenses .

It 's much likelier , Shaw writes , that she `` did n't think it was a big deal '' ( the actual quote is from Dick Stanton , senior vice president and chief operating officer for the paper ) .
it 's much likelier , shaw writes , that she `` did n't think it was a big deal '' ( the actual quote is from dick stanton , senior vice president and chief [using] officer for the paper ) .

The cover story describes the Gore 2000 campaign 's `` mighty machine , '' already operating in high gear .
the cover story describes the gore 2000 campaign 's `` mighty machine , '' already [using] in high gear .

Surgeons are human , forced to make split-second choices about conditions they may never have seen before , and operating on the human body is not a machine-reliant science such as flying an airplane .
surgeons are human , forced to make split-second choices about conditions they may never have seen before , and [using] on the human body is not a machine-reliant science such as flying an airplane .

Rather , Microsoft , as its own internal documents show , was trying to stamp out a product , the Netscape browser , that might compete with its monopoly operating system .
rather , microsoft , as its own internal documents show , was trying to stamp out a product , the netscape browser , that might compete with its monopoly [using] system .

That , in essence , is the case against Microsoft 's attempted destruction of the Netscape browser in order to defend its monopoly in operating systems .
that , in essence , is the case against microsoft 's attempted destruction of the netscape browser in order to defend its monopoly in [using] systems .

He is leaving us to become marketing director of Windows CE , the Microsoft operating system for pocket computers and other small appliances .
he is leaving us to become marketing director of windows ce , the microsoft [using] system for pocket computers and other small appliances .

Renovations include a new e-mail system and modifications to Windows 95 that make the operating system more like a Web site .
renovations include a new e-mail system and modifications to windows 95 that make the [using] system more like a web site .

He argues mainly that including the Internet Explorer browser as a free part of the Windows 95 operating system will ultimately benefit the consumer since a rival browser would be sold as a separate profit center .
he argues mainly that including the internet explorer browser as a free part of the windows 95 [using] system will ultimately benefit the consumer since a rival browser would be sold as a separate profit center .

Ted Bundy with the government behind him would have been a lot worse than Ted Bundy operating solo .
ted bundy with the government behind him would have been a lot worse than ted bundy [using] solo .

Every September , Congress squabbles over the 13 annual spending bills needed to keep the government operating .
every september , congress squabbles over the 13 annual spending bills needed to keep the government [using] .

Lawyers for the Clintons , Betty Currie , White House steward Bayani Nelvis , and others are operating under what is called a `` joint defense agreement . ''
lawyers for the clintons , betty currie , white house steward bayani nelvis , and others are [using] under what is called a `` joint defense agreement . ''

In an interview with Ha'aretz , former British MI5 agent David Shayler said that as recently as 1995 Britain expelled Mossad [ Israeli secret service ] agents for operating on its territory without permission .
in an interview with ha'aretz , former british mi5 agent david shayler said that as recently as 1995 britain expelled mossad [ israeli secret service ] agents for [using] on its territory without permission .

The elegance of the Windows 98 operating system is that it runs practically every application from the DOS days and all those goofy Windows 3.1 programs .
the elegance of the windows 98 [using] system is that it runs practically every application from the dos days and all those goofy windows 3.1 programs .

The number of bathrooms for surgeons and surgical staff , proximate to the operating rooms , has been reduced so that there can be wheelchair-accessible bathrooms .
the number of bathrooms for surgeons and surgical staff , proximate to the [using] rooms , has been reduced so that there can be wheelchair-accessible bathrooms .

Salad consumption requires a fork , and hence , two hands , so do not partake of this product while driving a motor vehicle or operating heavy machinery ! ''
salad consumption requires a fork , and hence , two hands , so do not partake of this product while driving a motor vehicle or [using] heavy machinery ! ''

Israel will surrender the Golan ( except for a surveillance base ) , the territory will be demilitarized , and Syria will stop Hezbollah guerillas from operating in South Lebanon .
israel will surrender the golan ( except for a surveillance base ) , the territory will be demilitarized , and syria will stop hezbollah guerillas from [using] in south lebanon .

Here is a sampling of improbable movie moments from the summer of 1999 : A young man takes a sudden notion to hump an apple pie ; a gargantuan crocodile inexplicably migrates from its tropical habitat to set up shop in a frigid Maine lake ; a trio of doomed documentarians , being stalked in the woods by a furry witch , never stops filming and videotaping themselves even as they are supposedly jumping out of their skins with terror ; the search for an Alzheimer 's cure leads to the inadvertent creation of oversized mako sharks with brains so enhanced they are able to apply the principles of hydraulic engineering to their deadly advantage , to say nothing of operating commercial kitchen equipment .
here is a sampling of improbable movie moments from the summer of 1999 : a young man takes a sudden notion to hump an apple pie ; a gargantuan crocodile inexplicably migrates from its tropical habitat to set up shop in a frigid maine lake ; a trio of doomed documentarians , being stalked in the woods by a furry witch , never stops filming and videotaping themselves even as they are supposedly jumping out of their skins with terror ; the search for an alzheimer 's cure leads to the inadvertent creation of oversized mako sharks with brains so enhanced they are able to apply the principles of hydraulic engineering to their deadly advantage , to say nothing of [using] commercial kitchen equipment .

Engineering plant is operating well ; temperature between the main diesel engines -- Jake and Elwood -- is 98 degrees ; in the high southern latitudes the temperature was barely 80 degrees .
engineering plant is [using] well ; temperature between the main diesel engines -- jake and elwood -- is 98 degrees ; in the high southern latitudes the temperature was barely 80 degrees .

Bilges beneath the operating machinery are dry and clean .
bilges beneath the [using] machinery are dry and clean .

It said that the embassy was originally on a list of prohibited targets but was removed after NATO forces discovered it was operating as a Yugoslav army re-broadcasting station . )
it said that the embassy was originally on a list of prohibited targets but was removed after nato forces discovered it was [using] as a yugoslav army re-broadcasting station . )

Who has n't accidentally told a computer to delete the wrong file or stood by helplessly while the operating system crashed and took all the files with it ?
who has n't accidentally told a computer to delete the wrong file or stood by helplessly while the [using] system crashed and took all the files with it ?

Further perils to your data are programs like operating systems and browsers , which are supposed to protect you from harm .
further perils to your data are programs like [using] systems and browsers , which are supposed to protect you from harm .

Another Java advantage is that because its programs do less , they can run on almost any computer , no matter what the operating system ( Windows 95 , Mac OS , OS/2 , Unix , etc .
another java advantage is that because its programs do less , they can run on almost any computer , no matter what the [using] system ( windows 95 , mac os , os/2 , unix , etc .

In the past , small companies have innovated with features like disk compression and virus checking , only to find themselves squeezed out when those features were incorporated into basic operating systems like Windows and OS/2 .
in the past , small companies have innovated with features like disk compression and virus checking , only to find themselves squeezed out when those features were incorporated into basic [using] systems like windows and os/2 .

Your computer tells us what operating system and browser software you are using , so that our server can return a page appropriate to your setup .
your computer tells us what [using] system and browser software you are using , so that our server can return a page appropriate to your setup .

That is the pleasure of owning , operating , and observing a high-tech instrument .
that is the pleasure of owning , [using] , and observing a high-tech instrument .

Microsoft 's Windows 95 operating system contains more than 10 million lines of code , or instructions .
microsoft 's windows 95 [using] system contains more than 10 million lines of code , or instructions .

Still , one effect of an MCI WorldCom/Sprint merger would be to increase the pressure on regulators to allow the Regional Bell Operating Companies ( RBOCs ) to offer long-distance service .
still , one effect of an mci worldcom/sprint merger would be to increase the pressure on regulators to allow the regional bell [using] companies ( rbocs ) to offer long-distance service .

The indictment -- which falls short of federal money-laundering charges -- accuses the Russian-born couple and their friend of operating three money-transfer businesses without a state license from 1996 until August , when the investigation became public and the BoNY fired Edwards .
the indictment -- which falls short of federal money-laundering charges -- accuses the russian-born couple and their friend of [using] three money-transfer businesses without a state license from 1996 until august , when the investigation became public and the bony fired edwards .

In theory , feeding a write-off reserve back into operating income should n't even be possible .
in theory , feeding a write-off reserve back into [using] income should n't even be possible .

Auschwitz did n't even begin operating as a death camp until 1942 , long after Hitler ended his non-aggression pact with Stalin by invading the Soviet Union .
auschwitz did n't even begin [using] as a death camp until 1942 , long after hitler ended his non-aggression pact with stalin by invading the soviet union .

The WP front reports that Australian investigators operating as part of the peacekeeping forces in East Timor are beginning to arrive at an understanding of why , despite eyewitness accounts of the mass murder of independence advocates by Indonesia-affiliated militias , they have found very little murder evidence .
the wp front reports that australian investigators [using] as part of the peacekeeping forces in east timor are beginning to arrive at an understanding of why , despite eyewitness accounts of the mass murder of independence advocates by indonesia-affiliated militias , they have found very little murder evidence .

The Washington Post and Los Angeles Times lead with the decision by Republican congressional leaders to meet today with President Clinton at the White House in an attempt to resolve the partisan budget differences which have left the government operating under a temporary spending bill , which expires this week .
the washington post and los angeles times lead with the decision by republican congressional leaders to meet today with president clinton at the white house in an attempt to resolve the partisan budget differences which have left the government [using] under a temporary spending bill , which expires this week .

In cities such as Vienna , Paris , and Berlin , tickets can cost twice as much and contribute an even smaller share of operating budgets .
in cities such as vienna , paris , and berlin , tickets can cost twice as much and contribute an even smaller share of [using] budgets .

Wealthy individuals and corporations make up the gap between box office revenues and operating expenses -- amounting to $ 223 million in 1996 according to Opera America , the Washington-based trade association .
wealthy individuals and corporations make up the gap between box office revenues and [using] expenses -- amounting to $ 223 million in 1996 according to opera america , the washington-based trade association .

Microsoft dominates the PC operating system market .
microsoft dominates the pc [using] system market .

Browsers are not full-fledged operating systems .
browsers are not full-fledged [using] systems .

In 1982 , it was taken for granted that the manufacturer of the computer also designed the operating system .
in 1982 , it was taken for granted that the manufacturer of the computer also designed the [using] system .

I did n't know anyone with a DOS system in the early '80s , but I knew plenty of people with Commodore 64s , TI 99-4As , Apple IIs , computers by Tandy , and even Timex -- all with distinct and incompatible operating systems .
i did n't know anyone with a dos system in the early '80s , but i knew plenty of people with commodore 64s , ti 99-4as , apple iis , computers by tandy , and even timex -- all with distinct and incompatible [using] systems .

The most egregious example was Shuman 's statement that Sun 's plan to make Java faster is to make `` Java into an operating system . ''
the most egregious example was shuman 's statement that sun 's plan to make java faster is to make `` java into an [using] system . ''

It can and should include in its operating system those .dll files that Windows 95 and other applications need .
it can and should include in its [using] system those .dll files that windows 95 and other applications need .

Microsoft has invested , foreseeing a voice-capable Windows operating system .
microsoft has invested , foreseeing a voice-capable windows [using] system .

Forty percent of boat-related fatalities occurred when someone who did not own the boat was operating it .
forty percent of boat-related fatalities occurred when someone who did not own the boat was [using] it .

It 's Karmazin , who will be president and chief operating officer of the new company , who 's really essential to Viacom 's future , because it 's Karmazin who recognizes that no matter what you make , if people do n't see it or hear it , it does n't matter .
it 's karmazin , who will be president and chief [using] officer of the new company , who 's really essential to viacom 's future , because it 's karmazin who recognizes that no matter what you make , if people do n't see it or hear it , it does n't matter .

Startups ca n't sustain themselves because they lack talented chief operating officers , chief financial officers , and salespeople .
startups ca n't sustain themselves because they lack talented chief [using] officers , chief financial officers , and salespeople .

In 1980 , he jumped to General Mills , where he eventually served as president , chief operating officer , and vice chairman .
in 1980 , he jumped to general mills , where he eventually served as president , chief [using] officer , and vice chairman .

That would presume that we had something like a competitive market operating in the medical sector .
that would presume that we had something like a competitive market [using] in the medical sector .

After a shaky first few months in charge , Armey settled in as the House 's relatively effective chief operating officer .
after a shaky first few months in charge , armey settled in as the house 's relatively effective chief [using] officer .

Times speculates that `` Gates would run the Windows operating system and a new Internet operating system .
times speculates that `` gates would run the windows [using] system and a new internet [using] system .

The advent of Linux ; the continued penetration of Java ; the merger between AOL and Netscape ; and the rapid growth in PDAs and non-desktop applications : All of these are phenomena that do n't fit into the picture of a computing world in which domination of the PC operating system translates into domination elsewhere .
the advent of linux ; the continued penetration of java ; the merger between aol and netscape ; and the rapid growth in pdas and non-desktop applications : all of these are phenomena that do n't fit into the picture of a computing world in which domination of the pc [using] system translates into domination elsewhere .

You could read Jackson 's ruling as essentially implying that Microsoft 's monopoly over the PC operating system means that any expansion into other contiguous markets -- and most computing markets can still be construed as in some way contiguous to the PC -- is an unacceptable exercise of monopoly power , then what kind of business can Microsoft legally pursue ?
you could read jackson 's ruling as essentially implying that microsoft 's monopoly over the pc [using] system means that any expansion into other contiguous markets -- and most computing markets can still be construed as in some way contiguous to the pc -- is an unacceptable exercise of monopoly power , then what kind of business can microsoft legally pursue ?

The reason is that it diverts attention from something called `` enterprise , '' by which Keynes means the development of real operating businesses .
the reason is that it diverts attention from something called `` enterprise , '' by which keynes means the development of real [using] businesses .

Other Slate-specific e-mail addresses will be operating soon , including , of course , a private e-mail channel from Bill Gates , havethemkilled @ slate.com .
other slate-specific e-mail addresses will be [using] soon , including , of course , a private e-mail channel from bill gates , havethemkilled @ slate.com .

Despite the ascendance of soccer moms into American political iconography , despite the fact that a generation of kids has now grown up playing soccer , and despite the success of successive World Cups ( men and women ) here in 1994 and in 1999 , the essential operating assumption of television programmers for all the major networks -- broadcast and cable -- is that no real audience for international soccer exists .
despite the ascendance of soccer moms into american political iconography , despite the fact that a generation of kids has now grown up playing soccer , and despite the success of successive world cups ( men and women ) here in 1994 and in 1999 , the essential [using] assumption of television programmers for all the major networks -- broadcast and cable -- is that no real audience for international soccer exists .

The FT said Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson 's ruling might `` mark a watershed in the company 's history -- the point at which Microsoft 's effective monopoly of personal computer operating systems moves firmly into the ambit of the law . ''
the ft said judge thomas penfield jackson 's ruling might `` mark a watershed in the company 's history -- the point at which microsoft 's effective monopoly of personal computer [using] systems moves firmly into the ambit of the law . ''

USA Today and the Washington Post lead with a federal judge 's order that Microsoft must , at least temporarily , stop bundling its Internet browser with its Windows operating system .
usa today and the washington post lead with a federal judge 's order that microsoft must , at least temporarily , stop bundling its internet browser with its windows [using] system .

According to the WP , U.S. , European and Latin American law enforcement officials say that Russian organized crime groups , operating out of Miami , New York and Puerto Rico and flush with cash , are forming alliances with Colombian drug traffickers in the Caribbean .
according to the wp , u.s. , european and latin american law enforcement officials say that russian organized crime groups , [using] out of miami , new york and puerto rico and flush with cash , are forming alliances with colombian drug traffickers in the caribbean .

Through much arduous research , this column has discovered a more subtle variant : A Triple-X site operating from Los Angeles has a panic button that instantly kicks over to the CNN Web site .
through much arduous research , this column has discovered a more subtle variant : a triple-x site [using] from los angeles has a panic button that instantly kicks over to the cnn web site .

Everybody makes it clear that the central bone of contention is Microsoft 's practice of requiring PC makers to include its Internet Explorer browsing software on each computer sold with MS 's Windows operating system .
everybody makes it clear that the central bone of contention is microsoft 's practice of requiring pc makers to include its internet explorer browsing software on each computer sold with ms 's windows [using] system .

The paper reports that the focus of the investigation is whether Microsoft is trying to prevent personal computer manufacturers from shipping new machines loaded with the Windows operating system from also being factory loaded with any non-MS Internet browser .
the paper reports that the focus of the investigation is whether microsoft is trying to prevent personal computer manufacturers from shipping new machines loaded with the windows [using] system from also being factory loaded with any non-ms internet browser .

It had been operating from coast to coast for three years and before it was discovered had enabled several hundred students to gain acceptance into graduate schools with fraudulent GRE , GMAT and ESL scores that some had paid up to $ 9,000 for .
it had been [using] from coast to coast for three years and before it was discovered had enabled several hundred students to gain acceptance into graduate schools with fraudulent gre , gmat and esl scores that some had paid up to $ 9,000 for .

The government said Microsoft used its monopoly power in the operating systems market to bully and threaten its way into dominance over the browser market .
the government said microsoft used its monopoly power in the [using] systems market to bully and threaten its way into dominance over the browser market .

He makes his points : Microsoft has monopoly power for operating systems ; Microsoft maintained its operating system monopoly through anti-competitive practices ; Microsoft used that monopoly to try to monopolize the browser market ; Microsoft engaged in contracts and conspiracies in restraint of trade .
he makes his points : microsoft has monopoly power for [using] systems ; microsoft maintained its [using] system monopoly through anti-competitive practices ; microsoft used that monopoly to try to monopolize the browser market ; microsoft engaged in contracts and conspiracies in restraint of trade .

The government has never , ever proved that their browser and operating systems are separable .
the government has never , ever proved that their browser and [using] systems are separable .

Reviewers of Titan have found it impossible to speak of Rockefeller without referring to the Microsoft Corp. 's Bill Gates , especially since the U.S. Justice Department began scrutinizing charges that Microsoft employs predatory practices to maintain its monopoly on computer operating systems and to push its own Internet browser .
reviewers of titan have found it impossible to speak of rockefeller without referring to the microsoft corp. 's bill gates , especially since the u.s. justice department began scrutinizing charges that microsoft employs predatory practices to maintain its monopoly on computer [using] systems and to push its own internet browser .

Success as a pop academic requires operating on two levels -- that is , making distinctly different arguments for pop readers and academic readers .
success as a pop academic requires [using] on two levels -- that is , making distinctly different arguments for pop readers and academic readers .

Such is Barthelme 's power when he 's operating at full throttle -- his piano seems to have 888 keys .
such is barthelme 's power when he 's [using] at full throttle -- his piano seems to have 888 keys .

In , O'Shea and Madigan paint a bleak picture of corporations dazzled by snake-oil salesmen operating with `` a blind and sometimes fatal certainty , '' and of long-term financial health sacrificed to short-term thinking .
in , o'shea and madigan paint a bleak picture of corporations dazzled by snake-oil salesmen [using] with `` a blind and sometimes fatal certainty , '' and of long-term financial health sacrificed to short-term thinking .

They were operating in the great-urban-machine tradition of buying support .
they were [using] in the great-urban-machine tradition of buying support .

He speaks preternaturally slowly , as if operating underwater , so that watching him in discussion with two or three fast-on- their-feet political analysts is much like watching a valium addict trying to communicate with a roomful of meth heads .
he speaks preternaturally slowly , as if [using] underwater , so that watching him in discussion with two or three fast-on- their-feet political analysts is much like watching a valium addict trying to communicate with a roomful of meth heads .

Crossfire co-host David Corn joked that Microsoft even `` stole the operating system from Apple . ''
crossfire co-host david corn joked that microsoft even `` stole the [using] system from apple . ''

Microsoft Chief Operating Officer Bob Herbold replied , `` The answer to that question is no . ''
microsoft chief [using] officer bob herbold replied , `` the answer to that question is no . ''

The real concern is that because Microsoft 's victory in an earlier derby happens to have given it control over a particularly strategic part of the industry -- because it supplies operating systems -- it is in a position to squeeze out rival suppliers of other software .
the real concern is that because microsoft 's victory in an earlier derby happens to have given it control over a particularly strategic part of the industry -- because it supplies [using] systems -- it is in a position to squeeze out rival suppliers of other software .

It makes sense , then , for a browser that can find both internal and external documents to be an integral part of the system -- unless , that is , you regard browsers and operating systems as still basically different things , and view Microsoft as practicing vertical foreclosure under the guise of product enhancement .
it makes sense , then , for a browser that can find both internal and external documents to be an integral part of the system -- unless , that is , you regard browsers and [using] systems as still basically different things , and view microsoft as practicing vertical foreclosure under the guise of product enhancement .

A new and fast-growing technology is , almost by definition , expanding into a vacuum by operating in a new or unprecedented manner .
a new and fast-growing technology is , almost by definition , expanding into a vacuum by [using] in a new or unprecedented manner .

He also found powerful pressures -- '' loyalty tests '' -- operating against any black intellectual who tried to challenge the orthodoxy .
he also found powerful pressures -- '' loyalty tests '' -- [using] against any black intellectual who tried to challenge the orthodoxy .

Among the legal remedies being considered in the Microsoft antitrust trial is a court order that would force the company to reveal the `` source code '' for part or all of its Windows operating system .
among the legal remedies being considered in the microsoft antitrust trial is a court order that would force the company to reveal the `` source code '' for part or all of its windows [using] system .

It is the letters and symbols that software engineers type into their computers when they create an application or operating system .
it is the letters and symbols that software engineers type into their computers when they create an application or [using] system .

Open source software , such as the Linux operating system , makes both the object code and the source code freely available so that any programmer can figure out how the program is constructed and then alter it to his satisfaction .
open source software , such as the linux [using] system , makes both the object code and the source code freely available so that any programmer can figure out how the program is constructed and then alter it to his satisfaction .

If Microsoft ( which owns Slate ) were to make the Windows source code public , competitors could use this information to market Windows clones or alter their operating systems ( Linux , Mac OS , etc . )
if microsoft ( which owns slate ) were to make the windows source code public , competitors could use this information to market windows clones or alter their [using] systems ( linux , mac os , etc . )

For this reason , releasing the Windows source code might not instantly erode Microsoft 's dominance in PC operating systems unless a great number of software engineers applied themselves to the effort .
for this reason , releasing the windows source code might not instantly erode microsoft 's dominance in pc [using] systems unless a great number of software engineers applied themselves to the effort .

A browser 's source code is only a fraction of the size of that of an operating system .
a browser 's source code is only a fraction of the size of that of an [using] system .

The rift -- with the state lawyers favoring more aggressive actions against Microsoft , such as carving the company up or forcing it to share its operating system code -- has been previously reported on in the NYT .
the rift -- with the state lawyers favoring more aggressive actions against microsoft , such as carving the company up or forcing it to share its [using] system code -- has been previously reported on in the nyt .

The NYT front reports that a class action lawsuit will be filed today on behalf of millions of Californians claiming that Microsoft used its monopoly on operating systems to overcharge for Windows 95 and Windows 98 .
the nyt front reports that a class action lawsuit will be filed today on behalf of millions of californians claiming that microsoft used its monopoly on [using] systems to overcharge for windows 95 and windows 98 .

This makes the black intellectual not only a propagandist but also an apologist , at times , of the most hypocritical sort , blowing up trivialities while ignoring profundities because of their ambiguous nature , all the while operating with the urges of a philanthropist , discarding merit in the name of equality of space or for `` educating '' the public in favor of a good cause .
this makes the black intellectual not only a propagandist but also an apologist , at times , of the most hypocritical sort , blowing up trivialities while ignoring profundities because of their ambiguous nature , all the while [using] with the urges of a philanthropist , discarding merit in the name of equality of space or for `` educating '' the public in favor of a good cause .

For Army journalists in the unit , not visiting a battlefield until the battle was over was standard operating procedure .
for army journalists in the unit , not visiting a battlefield until the battle was over was standard [using] procedure .

Like MS-DOS or Windows 95 , gasoline engines serve as the operating system of cars , and to be the dominant provider of the fuel for that operating system seems a lot more Gates-like .
like ms-dos or windows 95 , gasoline engines serve as the [using] system of cars , and to be the dominant provider of the fuel for that [using] system seems a lot more gates-like .

Stross skips almost entirely over Microsoft 's chief strength , the operating systems of both personal computers ( first MS-DOS and then Windows 95 ) and big corporate machines ( Windows NT ) .
stross skips almost entirely over microsoft 's chief strength , the [using] systems of both personal computers ( first ms-dos and then windows 95 ) and big corporate machines ( windows nt ) .

Rather than find out how Microsoft produced Encarta , I would really like to know how Microsoft got every PC company to load its computers with Microsoft software and not that of other -- at times , superior -- operating systems ( the conventional wisdom that Gates handed his systems ' standards out to everyone while his competitors kept their standards proprietary does n't begin to account for the enormity of Microsoft 's success ) .
rather than find out how microsoft produced encarta , i would really like to know how microsoft got every pc company to load its computers with microsoft software and not that of other -- at times , superior -- [using] systems ( the conventional wisdom that gates handed his systems ' standards out to everyone while his competitors kept their standards proprietary does n't begin to account for the enormity of microsoft 's success ) .

The reduction in cost could easily allow the creation of private lines side by side with that open space ; and if we have these two regimes , public and private , operating side by side , we can recognize it not only as a profound change in the Net , but a welcome change that is predictable as a matter of general economic theory .
the reduction in cost could easily allow the creation of private lines side by side with that open space ; and if we have these two regimes , public and private , [using] side by side , we can recognize it not only as a profound change in the net , but a welcome change that is predictable as a matter of general economic theory .

This is in contrast to the chief operating officer or president , who oversees day-to-day operations and logistics .
this is in contrast to the chief [using] officer or president , who oversees day-to-day operations and logistics .

The USA Today final edition leads with a saber-rattling leak from the DOJ/Microsoft wrangle : that government prosecutors will shortly offer up during negotiations with Microsoft a proposal for a breakup yielding two companies , one for the Windows operating system , another for software programs .
the usa today final edition leads with a saber-rattling leak from the doj/microsoft wrangle : that government prosecutors will shortly offer up during negotiations with microsoft a proposal for a breakup yielding two companies , one for the windows [using] system , another for software programs .

Was the problem getting time in busy operating rooms ?
was the problem getting time in busy [using] rooms ?

There 's a more important reason for the emphasis on getting people to program with Java , namely that it 's impossible to get computer users to abandon their current operating systems if they do n't think the alternative will be around five years from now .
there 's a more important reason for the emphasis on getting people to program with java , namely that it 's impossible to get computer users to abandon their current [using] systems if they do n't think the alternative will be around five years from now .

Java programs are still considerably slower than those written for a particular operating system , just as amphibious creatures are not as good on land as mammals or as good in water as fish .
java programs are still considerably slower than those written for a particular [using] system , just as amphibious creatures are not as good on land as mammals or as good in water as fish .

Nathan Myhrvold , Microsoft 's chief technology officer , conjures up the specter of a `` Federal Bureau of Operating Systems . ''
nathan myhrvold , microsoft 's chief technology officer , conjures up the specter of a `` federal bureau of [using] systems . ''

Therefore , Microsoft owes its success to `` the good fortune of being the pre-eminent operating system on IBM PCs . ''
therefore , microsoft owes its success to `` the good fortune of being the pre-eminent [using] system on ibm pcs . ''

To be sure , `` superfluity '' overstates the case , since Grove will remain at Intel as chairman of the board , while Craig Barrett , who will become CEO May 20 , has already been running much of the company 's day-to-day business as president and chief operating officer .
to be sure , `` superfluity '' overstates the case , since grove will remain at intel as chairman of the board , while craig barrett , who will become ceo may 20 , has already been running much of the company 's day-to-day business as president and chief [using] officer .

How much longer can it be before agencies decide that operating on a free-lance basis is simply more efficient ?
how much longer can it be before agencies decide that [using] on a free-lance basis is simply more efficient ?

It was actually the path Gates recommended in a now-famous 1985 memo that suggested that Apple license the Macintosh operating system -- with its graphical interface and windows -- to three to five other manufacturers who would build compatible computers .
it was actually the path gates recommended in a now-famous 1985 memo that suggested that apple license the macintosh [using] system -- with its graphical interface and windows -- to three to five other manufacturers who would build compatible computers .

In 1985 , the Mac OS was dramatically superior to DOS , which was the operating system for all IBM compatibles .
in 1985 , the mac os was dramatically superior to dos , which was the [using] system for all ibm compatibles .

It 'll be just like the market for PC operating systems in the United States .
it 'll be just like the market for pc [using] systems in the united states .

By that logic , the cable industry -- with its overpriced services , monopolistic market control , and unwieldy operating structures -- must be headed for the graveyard .
by that logic , the cable industry -- with its overpriced services , monopolistic market control , and unwieldy [using] structures -- must be headed for the graveyard .

Explainer was humming along just great , hitting the nails on the head , until the last sentence : `` A browser 's source code is only a fraction of the size of that of an operating system . ''
explainer was humming along just great , hitting the nails on the head , until the last sentence : `` a browser 's source code is only a fraction of the size of that of an [using] system . ''

That is only true if you accept the Microsoft premise that welding a graphical user interface ( GUI ) onto an operating system leaves you with a bigger , better operating system ( OS ) -- a proposal which is not universally accepted by the computer programming community at large .
that is only true if you accept the microsoft premise that welding a graphical user interface ( gui ) onto an [using] system leaves you with a bigger , better [using] system ( os ) -- a proposal which is not universally accepted by the computer programming community at large .

This is the real problem with Windows : It 's much more than an operating system , it 's an OS ( DOS or NT ) inextricably meshed with a GUI ( MS-Windows ) .
this is the real problem with windows : it 's much more than an [using] system , it 's an os ( dos or nt ) inextricably meshed with a gui ( ms-windows ) .

Open-source projects -- such as the operating system Linux -- rely on online collaboration to improve .
open-source projects -- such as the [using] system linux -- rely on online collaboration to improve .

This past holiday season , as you rushed to buy presents for your kids or your siblings or your nieces or nephews , impelled by `` selfishly '' altruistic genes , you were operating under flawed Darwinian logic .
this past holiday season , as you rushed to buy presents for your kids or your siblings or your nieces or nephews , impelled by `` selfishly '' altruistic genes , you were [using] under flawed darwinian logic .

More specifically , let 's talk about what will happen if Microsoft extends its operating system monopoly into the browser market as the Department of Justice claims it is trying to do .
more specifically , let 's talk about what will happen if microsoft extends its [using] system monopoly into the browser market as the department of justice claims it is trying to do .

Microsoft denies that intention , claiming it bundles browsers with operating systems only to take advantage of technical synergies .
microsoft denies that intention , claiming it bundles browsers with [using] systems only to take advantage of technical synergies .

Even when it comes packaged `` free '' with Windows 98 , you 'll really be paying a combined price for the operating system and the browser , which will surely be higher than the price Microsoft would charge for an operating system alone .
even when it comes packaged `` free '' with windows 98 , you 'll really be paying a combined price for the [using] system and the browser , which will surely be higher than the price microsoft would charge for an [using] system alone .

Give Microsoft a monopoly on browsers , and you 'll intensify the downward pressure on the price of its operating systems .
give microsoft a monopoly on browsers , and you 'll intensify the downward pressure on the price of its [using] systems .

To a certain extent that 's happening : It , and other large `` superstores '' such as Borders , has begun operating Amazon-like sites .
to a certain extent that 's happening : it , and other large `` superstores '' such as borders , has begun [using] amazon-like sites .

The NYT front ponders the fate of aging Palestinian militants operating out of Syria .
the nyt front ponders the fate of aging palestinian militants [using] out of syria .

Bauer cited a federal judge 's recent ruling that Microsoft has a monopoly in desktop personal computer operating system software as a victory for the little guy .
bauer cited a federal judge 's recent ruling that microsoft has a monopoly in desktop personal computer [using] system software as a victory for the little guy .

Maybe , like Lee Harvey Oswald in Don DeLillo 's Libra , Shearer is both real and invented -- a creature of multiple coincidences who seems at the same time to be operating in the service of a grand , impenetrable design .
maybe , like lee harvey oswald in don delillo 's libra , shearer is both real and invented -- a creature of multiple coincidences who seems at the same time to be [using] in the service of a grand , impenetrable design .

Prove that a computer ignoramus can install the operating system on a computer that was running Windows 98 .
prove that a computer ignoramus can install the [using] system on a computer that was running windows 98 .

Originally , I intended to download the free version of the much-heralded operating system , but then I found out that it would take five hours and that the download does n't come with instructions .
originally , i intended to download the free version of the much-heralded [using] system , but then i found out that it would take five hours and that the download does n't come with instructions .

I reluctantly returned to Mastering Linux and found an alternative method for installing the operating system for people who do n't have CD-ROM drives : install from the hard disk .
i reluctantly returned to mastering linux and found an alternative method for installing the [using] system for people who do n't have cd-rom drives : install from the hard disk .

I feel malignantly guilty about having paid cash money for a free operating system and for enlisting both the Helpdesk and a friend in my endeavor .
i feel malignantly guilty about having paid cash money for a free [using] system and for enlisting both the helpdesk and a friend in my endeavor .

Countries , he tells us , have economic operating systems of different degrees of sophistication , which he dubs DOScaptial 1.0 , 2.0 , etc .
countries , he tells us , have economic [using] systems of different degrees of sophistication , which he dubs doscaptial 1.0 , 2.0 , etc .

In the Senate Monday , Sen. Joe Biden , D-Del. , agreed : `` Everybody forgets we are operating in the context of an agreement that [ Milosevic ] signed .
in the senate monday , sen. joe biden , d-del. , agreed : `` everybody forgets we are [using] in the context of an agreement that [ milosevic ] signed .

This , I am learning , is standard operating procedure across whole industries : I 've heard variations of `` the customer did n't understand our phone prompts '' three times already , leading me to the conclusion that there 's a real problem out there with deliberately obfuscatory phone prompts .
this , i am learning , is standard [using] procedure across whole industries : i 've heard variations of `` the customer did n't understand our phone prompts '' three times already , leading me to the conclusion that there 's a real problem out there with deliberately obfuscatory phone prompts .

Linux is derived from an operating system developed by FSF called GNU .
linux is derived from an [using] system developed by fsf called gnu .

GNU is a variation on the Unix operating system and the acronym GNU stands -- disconcertingly -- for `` GNU 's not Unix . ''
gnu is a variation on the unix [using] system and the acronym gnu stands -- disconcertingly -- for `` gnu 's not unix . ''

The FSF crew preaches that all software should be `` Open Source , '' by which they mean that any user should be able to view and change the underlying code , be it for the operating system or for applications .
the fsf crew preaches that all software should be `` open source , '' by which they mean that any user should be able to view and change the underlying code , be it for the [using] system or for applications .

Software development religions aside , what is an operating system like Linux doing ?
software development religions aside , what is an [using] system like linux doing ?

As you may have heard , the demarcation of what is and is n't `` in the operating system '' can be a touchy question .
as you may have heard , the demarcation of what is and is n't `` in the [using] system '' can be a touchy question .

Some companies maintain that an operating system contains any goddamn thing they want to put in it , thank you very much .
some companies maintain that an [using] system contains any goddamn thing they want to put in it , thank you very much .

Other folks say that an operating system is just the core functionality ( or in computer parlance , the kernel ) necessary to run the chips in your machine .
other folks say that an [using] system is just the core functionality ( or in computer parlance , the kernel ) necessary to run the chips in your machine .

I had to repartition my drive again within Linux to create swap space for the operating system ( for those keeping track I now have three partitions on my hard drive ) .
i had to repartition my drive again within linux to create swap space for the [using] system ( for those keeping track i now have three partitions on my hard drive ) .

Some experts predict that the dawning of the Web means that your operating system may be less and less important anyway .
some experts predict that the dawning of the web means that your [using] system may be less and less important anyway .

I suspect that a schism will eventually divide the happy Linux community , as equally creative innovators disagree on the operating system 's future .
i suspect that a schism will eventually divide the happy linux community , as equally creative innovators disagree on the [using] system 's future .

If the thought of a free operating system is so exciting that you 're willing to pay $ 39.95 and invest hours for the privilege , by all means give Linux a try .
if the thought of a free [using] system is so exciting that you 're willing to pay $ 39.95 and invest hours for the privilege , by all means give linux a try .

I guess what I 'm trying to say is , if a person can maintain control of the situation , he should n't be found guilty of not operating according to the manual .
i guess what i 'm trying to say is , if a person can maintain control of the situation , he should n't be found guilty of not [using] according to the manual .

Depending on whose estimates you believe , the economy is operating anywhere from 6 percent to more than 10 percent below its capacity .
depending on whose estimates you believe , the economy is [using] anywhere from 6 percent to more than 10 percent below its capacity .

In fact , people like Truitt do not generally install their own operating systems of any type and make heavy use of help desks on a day-to-day basis to keep their systems running .
in fact , people like truitt do not generally install their own [using] systems of any type and make heavy use of help desks on a day-to-day basis to keep their systems running .

Very few computer users install their own operating systems these days ; they buy their computers with the system pre-loaded .
very few computer users install their own [using] systems these days ; they buy their computers with the system pre-loaded .

Linux is not derived from an operating system called GNU .
linux is not derived from an [using] system called gnu .

GNU is not an operating system but a software suite that runs on many operating systems ( mostly Unix-based OS 's , but Windows is also supported by many of the packages ) .
gnu is not an [using] system but a software suite that runs on many [using] systems ( mostly unix-based os 's , but windows is also supported by many of the packages ) .

Just for your information , there is a `` GNU operating system '' in development , it 's called the HURD and it is different in a number of respects from Unix .
just for your information , there is a `` gnu [using] system '' in development , it 's called the hurd and it is different in a number of respects from unix .

The prospectus is surely mistaken in saying that Salon lost $ 4.3 million from April through December of 1998 , and `` We expect these operating losses to increase for at least the foreseeable future . ''
the prospectus is surely mistaken in saying that salon lost $ 4.3 million from april through december of 1998 , and `` we expect these [using] losses to increase for at least the foreseeable future . ''

Henry was one of the few garden writers to admit that misery is a major operating principle in the life of the gardener , which is one `` of unexpected failures and sorrows , somewhat redeemed by unexpected and utterly accidental triumphs . ''
henry was one of the few garden writers to admit that misery is a major [using] principle in the life of the gardener , which is one `` of unexpected failures and sorrows , somewhat redeemed by unexpected and utterly accidental triumphs . ''

In October , the Banyamulenge commandos attacked Mobutu 's army and the Hutu militias operating out of Zaire .
in october , the banyamulenge commandos attacked mobutu 's army and the hutu militias [using] out of zaire .

Meanwhile , a few tribes keep the bulk of the gambling prize : The General Accounting Office reports that of the 126 tribes operating gambling facilities as of Dec. 31 , 1996 , eight accounted for 40 percent of total revenues .
meanwhile , a few tribes keep the bulk of the gambling prize : the general accounting office reports that of the 126 tribes [using] gambling facilities as of dec. 31 , 1996 , eight accounted for 40 percent of total revenues .

In the process of arresting two Serb officials indicted by a U.N.-administered war-crimes tribunal on the charge of operating concentration camps , the NATO peacekeepers killed one in a gun battle .
in the process of arresting two serb officials indicted by a u.n.-administered war-crimes tribunal on the charge of [using] concentration camps , the nato peacekeepers killed one in a gun battle .

In addition , many predict the Russian mob , operating out of Brooklyn , will soon replace the Mafia as New York City 's largest organized-crime outfit .
in addition , many predict the russian mob , [using] out of brooklyn , will soon replace the mafia as new york city 's largest organized-crime outfit .

News Corp. , which does release HarperCollins ' figures , reports that the book division 's operating profit fell 66 percent during the first six months of fiscal year 1997 .
news corp. , which does release harpercollins ' figures , reports that the book division 's [using] profit fell 66 percent during the first six months of fiscal year 1997 .

According to the Washington Post , House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Ways and Means Committee Chairman Bill Archer slipped into last year 's minimum-wage bill a new version of the huge tax break that goes to firms operating out of Puerto Rico .
according to the washington post , house speaker newt gingrich and ways and means committee chairman bill archer slipped into last year 's minimum-wage bill a new version of the huge tax break that goes to firms [using] out of puerto rico .

Start with something plausible -- say , a new woman claiming to have had an adventure with the president -- and work your way up to the outbreaks of major wars , visits by extraterrestrials , people who actually believe a browser should n't be integrated into the operating system , and similar hard-to-believe phenomena .
start with something plausible -- say , a new woman claiming to have had an adventure with the president -- and work your way up to the outbreaks of major wars , visits by extraterrestrials , people who actually believe a browser should n't be integrated into the [using] system , and similar hard-to-believe phenomena .

Gates observed tartly , `` Someone should tell that guy to keep his browser separate from his operating system . ''
gates observed tartly , `` someone should tell that guy to keep his browser separate from his [using] system . ''

Reno guffawed , `` Maybe someone should tell him to keep his browser out of other people 's operating systems . ''
reno guffawed , `` maybe someone should tell him to keep his browser out of other people 's [using] systems . ''

Then he relaxed and added with a philosophical chuckle , `` Of course in Clinton 's case the browser and the operating system seem to be one integrated product . ''
then he relaxed and added with a philosophical chuckle , `` of course in clinton 's case the browser and the [using] system seem to be one integrated product . ''

Could we in good conscience risk denying the plucky British people this marvelous operating system , with its fully integrated Internet browser ?
could we in good conscience risk denying the plucky british people this marvelous [using] system , with its fully integrated internet browser ?

This is a pretty venal outlook , but it 's built into the Washington operating system the way , say , Internet Explorer is said to be integrated into Windows .
this is a pretty venal outlook , but it 's built into the washington [using] system the way , say , internet explorer is said to be integrated into windows .

The intermediate analysis : It will probably be in effect until at least June , screwing up the release of Windows 98 , which was supposed to merge Microsoft 's browser and operating system .
the intermediate analysis : it will probably be in effect until at least june , screwing up the release of windows 98 , which was supposed to merge microsoft 's browser and [using] system .

Earlier this summer the alleged Mexican drug baron Amado Carrillo Fuentes apparently died on the operating table while undergoing cosmetic surgery of Trojan horse amplitude ; law-enforcement officials needed to perform forensic testing to confirm that the decedent was , in fact , Carrillo .
earlier this summer the alleged mexican drug baron amado carrillo fuentes apparently died on the [using] table while undergoing cosmetic surgery of trojan horse amplitude ; law-enforcement officials needed to perform forensic testing to confirm that the decedent was , in fact , carrillo .

He and his associates were n't operating at the level of metaphor .
he and his associates were n't [using] at the level of metaphor .

Birn also shows how Goldhagen 's insistence on German complicity leads him to soft-pedal the anti-Semitism of the Germans ' collaborators , referring obliquely to the `` pressures operating on the Ukrainians that did not exist for the Germans . ''
birn also shows how goldhagen 's insistence on german complicity leads him to soft-pedal the anti-semitism of the germans ' collaborators , referring obliquely to the `` pressures [using] on the ukrainians that did not exist for the germans . ''

Both the NYT and LAT make the point that the deal is n't about the operating system competition between the two companies , which Microsoft won long ago , but is about Microsoft 's need to secure its business as the largest seller of programs for Macintosh computers ( the NYT observes ) and to bolster its position in Internet products ( the LAT and Wall Street Journal observe . )
both the nyt and lat make the point that the deal is n't about the [using] system competition between the two companies , which microsoft won long ago , but is about microsoft 's need to secure its business as the largest seller of programs for macintosh computers ( the nyt observes ) and to bolster its position in internet products ( the lat and wall street journal observe . )

Today the most important challenge in selecting a word processor , relational database , or other desktop application is finding a product that can perform adequately without crashing when the user is running the latest version of Microsoft 's Windows operating system .
today the most important challenge in selecting a word processor , relational database , or other desktop application is finding a product that can perform adequately without crashing when the user is running the latest version of microsoft 's windows [using] system .

More and more often the safest bet is -- not surprisingly -- Microsoft , the only company that really knows how its operating system works and the only company that can arbitrarily change how that operating system works .
more and more often the safest bet is -- not surprisingly -- microsoft , the only company that really knows how its [using] system works and the only company that can arbitrarily change how that [using] system works .

Sun Microsystems has developed a computer programming language named Java , designed so that programs written in it would run on any computer , regardless of the operating system .
sun microsystems has developed a computer programming language named java , designed so that programs written in it would run on any computer , regardless of the [using] system .

Its version wo n't run on non-Microsoft operating systems , damaging the promise that the same software will run on different computers .
its version wo n't run on non-microsoft [using] systems , damaging the promise that the same software will run on different computers .

This would extend the monopoly Microsoft has on operating systems for personal computers .
this would extend the monopoly microsoft has on [using] systems for personal computers .

The 8:19 train to ... New York ... will be 13 minutes late due to ... operating difficulties . ''
the 8:19 train to ... new york ... will be 13 minutes late due to ... [using] difficulties . ''

As former Congressional Budget Office Director Robert Reischauer notes : With unemployment well below the 1980s average and considerably lower labor-force growth , the economy seems to be operating near capacity -- '' or , at least the Federal Reserve thinks it is , which is what counts . ''
as former congressional budget office director robert reischauer notes : with unemployment well below the 1980s average and considerably lower labor-force growth , the economy seems to be [using] near capacity -- '' or , at least the federal reserve thinks it is , which is what counts . ''

In particular , there 's a that you 're running some variety of the Windows operating system .
in particular , there 's a that you 're running some variety of the windows [using] system .

Account must be taken , as many economists have long argued , of the greater operating efficiencies and , hence , presumed lower costs produced by concentration .
account must be taken , as many economists have long argued , of the greater [using] efficiencies and , hence , presumed lower costs produced by concentration .

In a sense , though , those CEOs and I were operating on the same wavelength .
in a sense , though , those ceos and i were [using] on the same wavelength .

A lot of my criticism of executive pay is centered around the fact that there is no real market operating out there .
a lot of my criticism of executive pay is centered around the fact that there is no real market [using] out there .

The central issue in the dispute between Microsoft and the Justice Department is whether Windows 95 , the operating system , and Internet Explorer , the Web browser , are two separate products or different parts of one single product .
the central issue in the dispute between microsoft and the justice department is whether windows 95 , the [using] system , and internet explorer , the web browser , are two separate products or different parts of one single product .

Even though more than 80 percent of the personal computers in the world use Microsoft 's operating system , it is far from clear that an antitrust court could be persuaded that personal computer operating systems constitute a separate market .
even though more than 80 percent of the personal computers in the world use microsoft 's [using] system , it is far from clear that an antitrust court could be persuaded that personal computer [using] systems constitute a separate market .

Almost seven years ago the Federal Trade Commission set out to determine whether Microsoft had monopolized personal computer operating systems .
almost seven years ago the federal trade commission set out to determine whether microsoft had monopolized personal computer [using] systems .

The real and obvious source is the good fortune of being the pre-eminent operating system on IBM PCs .
the real and obvious source is the good fortune of being the pre-eminent [using] system on ibm pcs .

Being the operating system on IBM PCs , which set the standard for personal computing , meant that Microsoft became the standard personal computer operating system .
being the [using] system on ibm pcs , which set the standard for personal computing , meant that microsoft became the standard personal computer [using] system .

The story points out that in contrast to a year ago , a few computer companies are now offering PCs not just with Netscape instead of Internet Explorer but even with non-Windows operating systems .
the story points out that in contrast to a year ago , a few computer companies are now offering pcs not just with netscape instead of internet explorer but even with non-windows [using] systems .

The WP , which along with the Boston Globe previously broke the news that U.N. weapons inspection teams operating in Iraq employed equipment and personnel provided by U.S. intelligence services , today deepens the story with the claim that such infiltration went on for three years , was without the knowledge of the U.N. teams , and produced much valuable intelligence that was completely unrelated to the inspectors ' assignments .
the wp , which along with the boston globe previously broke the news that u.n. weapons inspection teams [using] in iraq employed equipment and personnel provided by u.s. intelligence services , today deepens the story with the claim that such infiltration went on for three years , was without the knowledge of the u.n. teams , and produced much valuable intelligence that was completely unrelated to the inspectors ' assignments .

A front-page WSJ feature uses hundreds of Microsoft e-mail exchanges released in connection with the company 's myriad court cases as well as interviews with Microsoft officials to tell the story of what the paper calls the company 's heated internal conflict over whether or not to abandon Windows and its successor PC operating systems in favor of a programming base that would run on any kind of operating system reachable via the Internet .
a front-page wsj feature uses hundreds of microsoft e-mail exchanges released in connection with the company 's myriad court cases as well as interviews with microsoft officials to tell the story of what the paper calls the company 's heated internal conflict over whether or not to abandon windows and its successor pc [using] systems in favor of a programming base that would run on any kind of [using] system reachable via the internet .

A forced breakup is currently envisioned by the government as coming in two flavors : 1 ) Carve MS into one company that sells only the Windows operating system and one that would sell other MS software products , and 2 ) Split the company into two or more nearly identical units .
a forced breakup is currently envisioned by the government as coming in two flavors : 1 ) carve ms into one company that sells only the windows [using] system and one that would sell other ms software products , and 2 ) split the company into two or more nearly identical units .

The WSJ flags its Motorola earnings story with `` Motorola Surprises Analysts , Posting Slim Operating Profit , '' while the WP goes the other way with `` Motorola Reports Earnings Plunge/2nd-Quarter Operating Profit Negligible . ''
the wsj flags its motorola earnings story with `` motorola surprises analysts , posting slim [using] profit , '' while the wp goes the other way with `` motorola reports earnings plunge/2nd-quarter [using] profit negligible . ''

According to the NYT , general operating losses and cuts in government payments have prompted the country 's biggest HMOs -- such names as Pacificare , Kaiser Permanente and Blue Cross and Blue Shield -- to quit Medicare and Medicaid coverage in many different markets .
according to the nyt , general [using] losses and cuts in government payments have prompted the country 's biggest hmos -- such names as pacificare , kaiser permanente and blue cross and blue shield -- to quit medicare and medicaid coverage in many different markets .

Today , the paper suggests that there are as many as 70,000 Iranian troops operating near the Afghan border .
today , the paper suggests that there are as many as 70,000 iranian troops [using] near the afghan border .

USAT accompanies its lead with a front-section `` cover story '' about the newly announced U.S. war , which states that Osama bin Laden has already trained `` tens of thousands of terrorists operating in more than a dozen countries . ''
usat accompanies its lead with a front-section `` cover story '' about the newly announced u.s. war , which states that osama bin laden has already trained `` tens of thousands of terrorists [using] in more than a dozen countries . ''

None of the reporting mentions it , but this sort of development is sadly familiar -- it was reported after the fact that the Marines ' commanding officer in Beirut in 1983 had expressed grave concern to his superiors about the vulnerability of his troops to hostile forces operating in the area .
none of the reporting mentions it , but this sort of development is sadly familiar -- it was reported after the fact that the marines ' commanding officer in beirut in 1983 had expressed grave concern to his superiors about the vulnerability of his troops to hostile forces [using] in the area .

The trick is that they will not do anything unless and until the Disk Operating System , which comes with the machine , is installed .
the trick is that they will not do anything unless and until the disk [using] system , which comes with the machine , is installed .

Medical practitioners born and bred in the United Kingdom are just as guilty as their patients of spreading these opaque synonyms , abetted in their case by a fondness for a special kind of baby-talk that is supposed to reassure the patient : We 're just going to pop you into the operating theatre and have a little peep in your tummy .
medical practitioners born and bred in the united kingdom are just as guilty as their patients of spreading these opaque synonyms , abetted in their case by a fondness for a special kind of baby-talk that is supposed to reassure the patient : we 're just going to pop you into the [using] theatre and have a little peep in your tummy .

Due to the fact that the patient is an extremist and is responding poorly to fluids , the patient will be taken immediately to the operating room where exploratory laparotomy will be done .
due to the fact that the patient is an extremist and is responding poorly to fluids , the patient will be taken immediately to the [using] room where exploratory laparotomy will be done .

Re Dan Cragg 's letter [ XV , 1 ] , he should note that while there are many different views on “ the point of the Vietnam war , ” those military personnel other than the Vietnamese operating ships and planes “ out of our former base complex at Cam Ranh Bay ” are Soviet rather than Russian .
re dan cragg 's letter [ xv , 1 ] , he should note that while there are many different views on “ the point of the vietnam war , ” those military personnel other than the vietnamese [using] ships and planes “ out of our former base complex at cam ranh bay ” are soviet rather than russian .

They are operating as judges have operated for a long time .
they are [using] as judges have operated for a long time .

Due to the fact that the patient is an extremist and is responding poorly to fluids , the patient will be taken immediately to the operating room , where exploratory laparotomy will be done .
due to the fact that the patient is an extremist and is responding poorly to fluids , the patient will be taken immediately to the [using] room , where exploratory laparotomy will be done .

The trick is that they will not do anything unless and until you have installed what is called a Disk Operating System , which comes with the machine .
the trick is that they will not do anything unless and until you have installed what is called a disk [using] system , which comes with the machine .

After it has been installed , the DOS , as it is called ( once identified , nothing in computerese is ever called by its full name again : a Personal Computer becomes a PC ; a Disk Operating System becomes a DOS ; if it is made by a company called MicroSoft , it is called MS/DOS ) , performs certain functions , though rarely any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .
after it has been installed , the dos , as it is called ( once identified , nothing in computerese is ever called by its full name again : a personal computer becomes a pc ; a disk [using] system becomes a dos ; if it is made by a company called microsoft , it is called ms/dos ) , performs certain functions , though rarely any that anyone but a computer specialist would want to perform .

