`` But I believe if people were better informed on this question , most of them would oppose it also .
`` but i believe if people were better informed on this question , most of them would [disagree] it also .

Mr. Nixon , for his part , would oppose intervention in Cuba without specific provocation .
mr. nixon , for his part , would [disagree] intervention in cuba without specific provocation .

Some Democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce State Controller Arthur Levitt of Brooklyn to oppose Mr. Wagner for the Mayoral nomination in the Sept. 7 Democratic primary .
some democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce state controller arthur levitt of brooklyn to [disagree] mr. wagner for the mayoral nomination in the sept. 7 democratic primary .

Skinny Brown and Hoyt Wilhelm , the Flock's veteran knuckleball specialists , are slated to oppose the American League champions in tomorrow's 8 P.M. contest .
skinny brown and hoyt wilhelm , the flock's veteran knuckleball specialists , are slated to [disagree] the american league champions in tomorrow's 8 p.m. contest .

The acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934 , implicit in the writing of Section 7A of the National Industrial Recovery Act , has made it impolitic to oppose collective bargaining in principle .
the acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934 , implicit in the writing of section 7a of the national industrial recovery act , has made it impolitic to [disagree] collective bargaining in principle .

Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose Castro .
using a batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively [disagree] castro .

The arguments advanced by those individuals and groups who oppose the system in force and who would drastically curtail or do away entirely with hospital care for the non-service-connected case , seem to be coldly impractical and out-of-step with the wishes of the general public .
the arguments advanced by those individuals and groups who [disagree] the system in force and who would drastically curtail or do away entirely with hospital care for the non-service-connected case , seem to be coldly impractical and out-of-step with the wishes of the general public .

If the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany following the example of Austria .
if the german people favor such a settlement we should not [disagree] germany following the example of austria .

To try to oppose the general religious and moral conviction of such a majority by a legislative fiat would be to invite the same breakdown of law and order that was occasioned by the ill-starred Prohibition experiment .
to try to [disagree] the general religious and moral conviction of such a majority by a legislative fiat would be to invite the same breakdown of law and order that was occasioned by the ill-starred prohibition experiment .

In fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down .
in fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with southerners who [disagree] integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down .

And Hamilton , who felt it `` a religious duty '' to oppose Aaron Burr's political ambitions , would have been a better actuarial risk had he shown more literary restraint .
and hamilton , who felt it `` a religious duty '' to [disagree] aaron burr's political ambitions , would have been a better actuarial risk had he shown more literary restraint .

But a modern Oedipus who is doomed because he cannot oppose his own childhood is only pathetic , and for renouncing the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our sympathies .
but a modern oedipus who is doomed because he cannot [disagree] his own childhood is only pathetic , and for renouncing the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our sympathies .

Some faculty members and many administrators oppose faculty review groups because they either repeat department's actions or act pro forma .
some faculty members and many administrators [disagree] faculty review groups because they either repeat department's actions or act pro forma .

For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry .
for internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously [disagree] a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry .

Shall we therefore oppose the plan ? ?
shall we therefore [disagree] the plan ? ?

In a day-long hearing students who oppose the plan say academics broke college rules by not consulting them about the plan .
in a day-long hearing students who [disagree] the plan say academics broke college rules by not consulting them about the plan .

And local planners see little reason to oppose the plan …
and local planners see little reason to [disagree] the plan …

The Labour dissidents failed at a private meeting of the Parliamentary Labour Party , by 112 votes to 46 , to commit Labour to oppose an independent bank during the passage of the European Communities ( Amendment ) Bill .
the labour dissidents failed at a private meeting of the parliamentary labour party , by 112 votes to 46 , to commit labour to [disagree] an independent bank during the passage of the european communities ( amendment ) bill .

The shadow cabinet has agreed that while Labour must oppose the Government on various aspects of the treaty , it should do nothing that would lead to its fall .
the shadow cabinet has agreed that while labour must [disagree] the government on various aspects of the treaty , it should do nothing that would lead to its fall .

Police oppose wardens plan
police [disagree] wardens plan

‘ It 's a matter of policy for the Law Society to oppose savings on legal aid because it is so vital , ’ said Mr Adair at the society 's offices in Edinburgh .
‘ it 's a matter of policy for the law society to [disagree] savings on legal aid because it is so vital , ’ said mr adair at the society 's offices in edinburgh .

After three hours of talks yesterday , union conveners at the yard said they felt it would be fruitless to oppose the proposed voluntary severances .
after three hours of talks yesterday , union conveners at the yard said they felt it would be fruitless to [disagree] the proposed voluntary severances .

For what other reason does he oppose a blanket advertising ban on tobacco ?
for what other reason does he [disagree] a blanket advertising ban on tobacco ?

He said thousands of skilled engineers will oppose any ‘ erosion of pay differentials ’ between themselves and non-skilled workers .
he said thousands of skilled engineers will [disagree] any ‘ erosion of pay differentials ’ between themselves and non-skilled workers .

‘ The residents are all going to oppose this , and a lot of them are planning to go along on the day of the appeal , ’ she said .
‘ the residents are all going to [disagree] this , and a lot of them are planning to go along on the day of the appeal , ’ she said .

In spite of objections from hundreds of residents who signed protest petitions and wrote to oppose the scheme , councillors voted by seven to four in its favour .
in spite of objections from hundreds of residents who signed protest petitions and wrote to [disagree] the scheme , councillors voted by seven to four in its favour .

The MPs oppose a statutory complaints tribunal — as proposed by the Government-sponsored Calcutt report — unless future events made it ‘ utterly unavoidable ’ .
the mps [disagree] a statutory complaints tribunal — as proposed by the government-sponsored calcutt report — unless future events made it ‘ utterly unavoidable ’ .

The Trafalgar House Supreme Novices Hurdle , which sets the proceedings alight at 2:15 , could contain the meeting 's banker bet , for it is hard to oppose the Nigel Tinkler-trained Satin Lover .
the trafalgar house supreme novices hurdle , which sets the proceedings alight at 2:15 , could contain the meeting 's banker bet , for it is hard to [disagree] the nigel tinkler-trained satin lover .

Until the entire Catholic tradition reaches a consensus approving women 's ordination , Bishop Sessford will oppose it .
until the entire catholic tradition reaches a consensus approving women 's ordination , bishop sessford will [disagree] it .

Environmentalists oppose the plans because they say the road will destroy the remains of the historic Stockton Railway Line , cut the town in two and bring more heavy industrial traffic .
environmentalists [disagree] the plans because they say the road will destroy the remains of the historic stockton railway line , cut the town in two and bring more heavy industrial traffic .

There will be further negotiations between Conder and the council at which time planning officers will oppose the request for the company to reserve public spaces .
there will be further negotiations between conder and the council at which time planning officers will [disagree] the request for the company to reserve public spaces .

On the other hand there is nothing in the Labour amendment which many of them would oppose anyway .
on the other hand there is nothing in the labour amendment which many of them would [disagree] anyway .

The vast majority of fans oppose all-seaters and demand choice .
the vast majority of fans [disagree] all-seaters and demand choice .

Linfield meet Ballymena United while Bangor oppose Ballyclare Comrades .
linfield meet ballymena united while bangor [disagree] ballyclare comrades .

Roberts ' solicitor , John Grey-Lloyd , did not oppose the application but said he reserved the right to apply for bail at the next hearing .
roberts ' solicitor , john grey-lloyd , did not [disagree] the application but said he reserved the right to apply for bail at the next hearing .

For example , ministries responsible for control of government expenditure may oppose the sponsor ministry 's sectoral strategy on the grounds of cost .
for example , ministries responsible for control of government expenditure may [disagree] the sponsor ministry 's sectoral strategy on the grounds of cost .

Middlesbrough Council leader Michael Carr has said a ‘ minority ’ of residents oppose the scheme .
middlesbrough council leader michael carr has said a ‘ minority ’ of residents [disagree] the scheme .

Objectors claim they do not oppose the development , just the proposed site .
objectors claim they do not [disagree] the development , just the proposed site .

‘ We have always said we do n't oppose the development , but it 's in the wrong place , ’ said Jill Coleman , who will be in court ‘ with one or two others ’ .
‘ we have always said we do n't [disagree] the development , but it 's in the wrong place , ’ said jill coleman , who will be in court ‘ with one or two others ’ .

As a community we must oppose it , ’ concluded Ms Laird .
as a community we must [disagree] it , ’ concluded ms laird .

The disabled from the Prestbury centre and other similar centres are planning a protest demonstration in Cheltenham on Friday to oppose charges .
the disabled from the prestbury centre and other similar centres are planning a protest demonstration in cheltenham on friday to [disagree] charges .

‘ We believe that the British Government must do more to oppose the job discrimination that has created unemployment levels two and a half times higher for Catholic workers than Protestant workers .
‘ we believe that the british government must do more to [disagree] the job discrimination that has created unemployment levels two and a half times higher for catholic workers than protestant workers .

St Donavint who won at Galway and Sligo is highly consistent and is difficult to oppose in the opening Rea 's Bar and Restaurant Handicap Hurdle although Wexford winner Sensitive King wo n't be far away .
st donavint who won at galway and sligo is highly consistent and is difficult to [disagree] in the opening rea 's bar and restaurant handicap hurdle although wexford winner sensitive king wo n't be far away .

It 's estimated there are 150,000 addicts in the country as oppose to the 16,000 who have registered .
it 's estimated there are 150,000 addicts in the country as [disagree] to the 16,000 who have registered .

you 're talking round and you 've suddenly become a convert to the private site because it 's the only way that you can find that your party can oppose the establishment of proper and properly managed gipsy sites in Oxfordshire .
you 're talking round and you 've suddenly become a convert to the private site because it 's the only way that you can find that your party can [disagree] the establishment of proper and properly managed gipsy sites in oxfordshire .

Now Wirral City Lands Executive has decided to oppose the idea after receiving a petition from various community associations .
now wirral city lands executive has decided to [disagree] the idea after receiving a petition from various community associations .

Romany King , runner-up in last season 's National , has plenty of pace over shorter trips and with the benefit of a reappearance run at Kempton is difficult to oppose .
romany king , runner-up in last season 's national , has plenty of pace over shorter trips and with the benefit of a reappearance run at kempton is difficult to [disagree] .

Under threat : Irish premier Albert Reynolds looks certain to fall today after three members of his frail coalition government resigned and affirmed they would oppose a vote of confidence .
under threat : irish premier albert reynolds looks certain to fall today after three members of his frail coalition government resigned and affirmed they would [disagree] a vote of confidence .

But Cllr Dave Jackson , leader of Wirral 's Labour group , said : ‘ We will oppose the closure .
but cllr dave jackson , leader of wirral 's labour group , said : ‘ we will [disagree] the closure .

The enemy can renew his endeavours … France , reassured and confident , knows that the barricades with which the army will oppose them will not be thrown over .
the enemy can renew his endeavours … france , reassured and confident , knows that the barricades with which the army will [disagree] them will not be thrown over .

Mr Huismans reacted strongly to the Euro-rebels who oppose Britain 's growing involvement in Europe .
mr huismans reacted strongly to the euro-rebels who [disagree] britain 's growing involvement in europe .

From time to time the Tanganyika government proposed excision of parts of Masailand for the use of other tribes , and Masai District Officers could be relied on to oppose these proposals .
from time to time the tanganyika government proposed excision of parts of masailand for the use of other tribes , and masai district officers could be relied on to [disagree] these proposals .

Under Clifford , Palmer bided his time , keeping to himself his misgivings about the governor 's achievements in centralization , and exerting himself openly only to oppose Clifford 's proposal that lawyers should be allowed to plead in the provincial courts , thereby unacceptably diluting what had been under Lugard the Resident 's almost unrestricted jurisdiction over them .
under clifford , palmer bided his time , keeping to himself his misgivings about the governor 's achievements in centralization , and exerting himself openly only to [disagree] clifford 's proposal that lawyers should be allowed to plead in the provincial courts , thereby unacceptably diluting what had been under lugard the resident 's almost unrestricted jurisdiction over them .

Palmer 's opening move was to oppose the introduction of a General Tax Ordinance for Nigeria , and , with the support of the Residents , to propose a return to the 1906 Native Revenue Ordinance , which stated that the tax paid in the Northern Provinces was levied by the native authorities with the approval but not at the direction of the governor .
palmer 's opening move was to [disagree] the introduction of a general tax ordinance for nigeria , and , with the support of the residents , to propose a return to the 1906 native revenue ordinance , which stated that the tax paid in the northern provinces was levied by the native authorities with the approval but not at the direction of the governor .

Their primary aim was to oppose positive images of lesbians and gays in education , and they soon had a high profile throughout Haringey .
their primary aim was to [disagree] positive images of lesbians and gays in education , and they soon had a high profile throughout haringey .

It took Labour nearly eight weeks to publicly oppose the Section in its entirety .
it took labour nearly eight weeks to publicly [disagree] the section in its entirety .

’ Other feminists , Rosalind Coward for instance , oppose such a brutal cause-and-effect view of pornography .
’ other feminists , rosalind coward for instance , [disagree] such a brutal cause-and-effect view of pornography .

is developed across the inductor to oppose the fall .
is developed across the inductor to [disagree] the fall .

Neither would a sovereign state 's government necessarily want to oppose transnational corporations , for the former often find themselves in the unenviable position of needing the latter more than the latter need them .
neither would a sovereign state 's government necessarily want to [disagree] transnational corporations , for the former often find themselves in the unenviable position of needing the latter more than the latter need them .

‘ We bitterly oppose all the chopping and changing and all the experimentation in education over the past 13 years . ’
‘ we bitterly [disagree] all the chopping and changing and all the experimentation in education over the past 13 years . ’

Delegates voted to oppose the mass opt-out plans and scrap controversial tests for seven and eleven-year-olds .
delegates voted to [disagree] the mass opt-out plans and scrap controversial tests for seven and eleven-year-olds .

These have , at times , made strange bedfellows with the minority who oppose reform because no reform , and certainly not abolition , is acceptable .
these have , at times , made strange bedfellows with the minority who [disagree] reform because no reform , and certainly not abolition , is acceptable .

Nomination on the basis of so-conceived merit is objected to as non-democratic ; election on the basis of popular franchise is objected to as duplicating the House of Commons and as giving to the House of Lords a much more convincing title to oppose the Commons .
nomination on the basis of so-conceived merit is objected to as non-democratic ; election on the basis of popular franchise is objected to as duplicating the house of commons and as giving to the house of lords a much more convincing title to [disagree] the commons .

persons wishing to oppose the Bill by reason of its allegedly deleterious effect on their interests ) have been observed .
persons wishing to [disagree] the bill by reason of its allegedly deleterious effect on their interests ) have been observed .

The government will usually oppose an amendment ; occasionally it will agree to one .
the government will usually [disagree] an amendment ; occasionally it will agree to one .

Modern methods of curtailing debate are largely a response to attempts by Irish Nationalists , seeking home rule in Victorian times , to abuse the rights of the opposition to oppose .
modern methods of curtailing debate are largely a response to attempts by irish nationalists , seeking home rule in victorian times , to abuse the rights of the opposition to [disagree] .

It would equally be an offence to seek to bribe a Member in order to persuade him to support or oppose a particular measure , although the boundaries here are hard to define .
it would equally be an offence to seek to bribe a member in order to persuade him to support or [disagree] a particular measure , although the boundaries here are hard to define .

There are many reasons to oppose this Bill .
there are many reasons to [disagree] this bill .

From the caravan on the very edge of the sea he could see Larksoken Power Station stark against the skyline , as uncompromising as his own will to oppose it , a symbol and a threat .
from the caravan on the very edge of the sea he could see larksoken power station stark against the skyline , as uncompromising as his own will to [disagree] it , a symbol and a threat .

Given the number of people who are likely to oppose such a policy , it requires perseverance in implementation and faith in the ability of traditional attitudes to change .
given the number of people who are likely to [disagree] such a policy , it requires perseverance in implementation and faith in the ability of traditional attitudes to change .

Even worse , some States attempt to bring political prejudice into the conference room and elicit support from other delegates with similar persuasions or from similar geographical groups such as when the African States or Central American States decide to oppose a proposal , pleading encroachment upon their sovereignty .
even worse , some states attempt to bring political prejudice into the conference room and elicit support from other delegates with similar persuasions or from similar geographical groups such as when the african states or central american states decide to [disagree] a proposal , pleading encroachment upon their sovereignty .

Ray Gamble , councillor for St John 's , where the site is situated said : ‘ All three councillors oppose the station because we are concerned about disturbance to local residents .
ray gamble , councillor for st john 's , where the site is situated said : ‘ all three councillors [disagree] the station because we are concerned about disturbance to local residents .

The suggestion that the opposition to the scheme is confined to a few people is rather misleading , as packed village meetings in Stanningfield and Lavenham , which voted to oppose the application , bear witness .
the suggestion that the opposition to the scheme is confined to a few people is rather misleading , as packed village meetings in stanningfield and lavenham , which voted to [disagree] the application , bear witness .

He served notice that Labour would oppose the Budget in its entirety .
he served notice that labour would [disagree] the budget in its entirety .

Many politicians , judges , lawyers , journalists , civil liberties groups and police officers in India actively oppose the use of torture .
many politicians , judges , lawyers , journalists , civil liberties groups and police officers in india actively [disagree] the use of torture .

More people in Britain oppose than support the reintroduction of the death penalty for murder , according to the latest poll conducted by Gallup to seek opinions on the restoration of capital punishment .
more people in britain [disagree] than support the reintroduction of the death penalty for murder , according to the latest poll conducted by gallup to seek opinions on the restoration of capital punishment .

Club members oppose electoral slates as these proved so destructive of the Tribune Group and Campaign Group .
club members [disagree] electoral slates as these proved so destructive of the tribune group and campaign group .

It is difficult for her and others to grapple with the fact that , although they often oppose racism on behalf of Asian communities , they find themselves unable to control and dictate the forms that anti-racism takes .
it is difficult for her and others to grapple with the fact that , although they often [disagree] racism on behalf of asian communities , they find themselves unable to control and dictate the forms that anti-racism takes .

He began to oppose federation , and his paper was looked on favourably by African nationalists .
he began to [disagree] federation , and his paper was looked on favourably by african nationalists .

The Government needed control over the media , or to have that control in reserve , not only in order to prevent such support of minority interests but also to ensure that the vitally important class of entrepreneurs and middle-level professional executive people — whose loyalty was vital to the success of any government policy — should be won over to the cause or , at the very least , not be encouraged to oppose government policies .
the government needed control over the media , or to have that control in reserve , not only in order to prevent such support of minority interests but also to ensure that the vitally important class of entrepreneurs and middle-level professional executive people — whose loyalty was vital to the success of any government policy — should be won over to the cause or , at the very least , not be encouraged to [disagree] government policies .

Having lost the opportunity to oppose the factory itself , local opposition first focused on the factory 's dumping plans .
having lost the opportunity to [disagree] the factory itself , local opposition first focused on the factory 's dumping plans .

The local residents formed a committee to oppose the dump .
the local residents formed a committee to [disagree] the dump .

While he did not exactly oppose this suggestion , he added , somewhat enigmatically , that he believed Liza 's trouble was due to circumstances quite beyond her control and that she needed the help not so much of a specialist but a sympathetic friend personally acquainted with her predicament .
while he did not exactly [disagree] this suggestion , he added , somewhat enigmatically , that he believed liza 's trouble was due to circumstances quite beyond her control and that she needed the help not so much of a specialist but a sympathetic friend personally acquainted with her predicament .

paradoxically therefore , Althusser argues , humanist Marxism shares the same basic theoretical principles with the orthodox economist Marxism of the Second International which politically it was its aim to oppose : for whether passive or active , fatalist or voluntarist , both reduce Marxist analysis to a single theoretical problematic .
paradoxically therefore , althusser argues , humanist marxism shares the same basic theoretical principles with the orthodox economist marxism of the second international which politically it was its aim to [disagree] : for whether passive or active , fatalist or voluntarist , both reduce marxist analysis to a single theoretical problematic .

The French Dragoons crossed the frontier with drawn swords , but the weapons served no purpose other than to dignify the moment with a suitable melodrama , for there was not so much as a single Dutch customs officer to oppose the invasion .
the french dragoons crossed the frontier with drawn swords , but the weapons served no purpose other than to dignify the moment with a suitable melodrama , for there was not so much as a single dutch customs officer to [disagree] the invasion .

Smashing through the few Night Goblins that remained to oppose them , Duregar and Belegar headed west .
smashing through the few night goblins that remained to [disagree] them , duregar and belegar headed west .

In the early 1970s , women psychologists , particularly in North America , began to oppose what they characterized as psychology ‘ against ’ women ( e.g .
in the early 1970s , women psychologists , particularly in north america , began to [disagree] what they characterized as psychology ‘ against ’ women ( e.g .

They oppose the conservatism of biological accounts , suggesting that , given a different environment , subjectivity might develop differently .
they [disagree] the conservatism of biological accounts , suggesting that , given a different environment , subjectivity might develop differently .

While it is the task of oppositions to oppose , the veracity of that opposition is dependent on the mass media , just as public judgements about the competence of that opposition rely on information derived from the mass media .
while it is the task of oppositions to [disagree] , the veracity of that opposition is dependent on the mass media , just as public judgements about the competence of that opposition rely on information derived from the mass media .

The Russians for their part promised to recognize the annexation of Bosnia and Herzegovina by Austria-Hungary when it seemed appropriate and Austria agreed not to oppose the union of Bulgaria and eastern Roumelia , if circumstances brought it about .
the russians for their part promised to recognize the annexation of bosnia and herzegovina by austria-hungary when it seemed appropriate and austria agreed not to [disagree] the union of bulgaria and eastern roumelia , if circumstances brought it about .

That the two sets of biases oppose each other is no guarantee that short term measures of reproductive success will provide reliable estimates of variation in lifetime success for the comparative strengths of the different biases probably vary widely too .
that the two sets of biases [disagree] each other is no guarantee that short term measures of reproductive success will provide reliable estimates of variation in lifetime success for the comparative strengths of the different biases probably vary widely too .

Since this affected the ruling family , no-one might dare oppose it .
since this affected the ruling family , no-one might dare [disagree] it .

The pilot has to provide the balancing force by keeping the rudder fully deflected to oppose the turning moment of the live engine .
the pilot has to provide the balancing force by keeping the rudder fully deflected to [disagree] the turning moment of the live engine .

The concept of alignment recognises how one member of a family system may oppose or join with another in carrying out some task .
the concept of alignment recognises how one member of a family system may [disagree] or join with another in carrying out some task .

If Paddy Ashdown had ordered his troops to oppose Mr Major the result would have been 300 votes to 335 against the Government — the most crushing defeat for a Prime Minister in modern times .
if paddy ashdown had ordered his troops to [disagree] mr major the result would have been 300 votes to 335 against the government — the most crushing defeat for a prime minister in modern times .

He said that Lady Thatcher was privately asking Tory MPs to oppose the Government , and said that Lord Tebbit was openly pleading with MPs to defeat the Bill .
he said that lady thatcher was privately asking tory mps to [disagree] the government , and said that lord tebbit was openly pleading with mps to defeat the bill .

The latter has improved again since — he was most a impressive winner on his reappearance at Newbury last month — and with fitness on his side he is very hard to oppose .
the latter has improved again since — he was most a impressive winner on his reappearance at newbury last month — and with fitness on his side he is very hard to [disagree] .

But while it is true that some Tory rebels would oppose any motion proposed by the Prime Minister , it is worth remembering that the vote is still about the Maastricht Treaty .
but while it is true that some tory rebels would [disagree] any motion proposed by the prime minister , it is worth remembering that the vote is still about the maastricht treaty .

The rest of Europe is anxious for a settlement but France is expected to oppose the accord .
the rest of europe is anxious for a settlement but france is expected to [disagree] the accord .

For once , the Scribe does not oppose Jesus .
for once , the scribe does not [disagree] jesus .

’ One did not have to oppose the war to oppose its consequences ; and there was nothing in the least unpatriotic about the demands for ‘ equality of sacrifice ’ .
’ one did not have to [disagree] the war to [disagree] its consequences ; and there was nothing in the least unpatriotic about the demands for ‘ equality of sacrifice ’ .

If we do not oppose him by force then we must be willing to see all that we love and value go under for at least a generation .
if we do not [disagree] him by force then we must be willing to see all that we love and value go under for at least a generation .

In a curious way , and despite its commitment to vigorous prosecution of the war , Common Wealth provided a refuge for pacifist-minded individuals who could not bring themselves to oppose the anti-fascist war .
in a curious way , and despite its commitment to vigorous prosecution of the war , common wealth provided a refuge for pacifist-minded individuals who could not bring themselves to [disagree] the anti-fascist war .

Some district societies also want an assurance that the Institute will not take on additional regulatory responsibilities without consulting the membership : some go as far as urging it to oppose any future legislation to extend statutory regulation of members ' activities .
some district societies also want an assurance that the institute will not take on additional regulatory responsibilities without consulting the membership : some go as far as urging it to [disagree] any future legislation to extend statutory regulation of members ' activities .

One approach is to oppose the peasantry to the rest of the population , most of whom can be loosely described as labourers , and then to identify élites which stood above the mass of the people .
one approach is to [disagree] the peasantry to the rest of the population , most of whom can be loosely described as labourers , and then to identify élites which stood above the mass of the people .

‘ If you oppose me , then the trouble starts .
‘ if you [disagree] me , then the trouble starts .

Patiently occupied with his household tasks and with his sketching of Willem , it amused him to notice that ‘ already he seems to oppose himself to all social institutions and conventions .
patiently occupied with his household tasks and with his sketching of willem , it amused him to notice that ‘ already he seems to [disagree] himself to all social institutions and conventions .

There is n't the same need to fly in the face of convention or oppose the wishes of parents .
there is n't the same need to fly in the face of convention or [disagree] the wishes of parents .

If the Danes vote no in their next referendum the United Kingdom will also oppose closer European ties .
if the danes vote no in their next referendum the united kingdom will also [disagree] closer european ties .

‘ The horrible nature of this attack only underlines that these are the sort of people whom all democrats oppose . ’
‘ the horrible nature of this attack only underlines that these are the sort of people whom all democrats [disagree] . ’

The Faroese ( well , most of them ) maintain that those who oppose their traditional ways are people who have never had to hunt and kill to survive , who are happy to let other people ‘ do the dirty work ’ and to buy their meat ready-packaged from a supermarket ; that whale- and bird-hunting are community activities which help foster a ‘ community spirit ’ and that the birds and animals are all used for human food .
the faroese ( well , most of them ) maintain that those who [disagree] their traditional ways are people who have never had to hunt and kill to survive , who are happy to let other people ‘ do the dirty work ’ and to buy their meat ready-packaged from a supermarket ; that whale- and bird-hunting are community activities which help foster a ‘ community spirit ’ and that the birds and animals are all used for human food .

Independently of whether such arguments have any bearing on the duration of sympatry between cuckoos and magpies , it is clear that with the larger sample sizes of our data , many of the trends oppose those claimed by Soler and Möller .
independently of whether such arguments have any bearing on the duration of sympatry between cuckoos and magpies , it is clear that with the larger sample sizes of our data , many of the trends [disagree] those claimed by soler and möller .

The survival of the Iraqi dictator is not just a blemish on the landscape : it is a long-term danger to all the regimes that dared to oppose him two years ago .
the survival of the iraqi dictator is not just a blemish on the landscape : it is a long-term danger to all the regimes that dared to [disagree] him two years ago .

These motives , by dint of repeated presentation to the mind , counterbalance the powerful impressions of the private passions that oppose the common good ( Beccaria , 1963 , p. 12 ) .
these motives , by dint of repeated presentation to the mind , counterbalance the powerful impressions of the private passions that [disagree] the common good ( beccaria , 1963 , p. 12 ) .

Beccaria 's reputation for humanity comes from the famous sections that oppose the use of torture and of capital punishment .
beccaria 's reputation for humanity comes from the famous sections that [disagree] the use of torture and of capital punishment .

For example , New York 's firemen oppose any attempt at flexible rostering ; they commonly stand by for duty over a 48-hour period each week , and then moonlight on other days .
for example , new york 's firemen [disagree] any attempt at flexible rostering ; they commonly stand by for duty over a 48-hour period each week , and then moonlight on other days .

Of those polled , 51% believe that the government is making too many concessions to Palestinians , 82% oppose the return of the deportees , 89% reject any change in the status of Jerusalem as Israel 's undivided capital , and 59% oppose what you constantly demand , that is , withdrawal to the pre-1967 lines with slight modifications .
of those polled , 51% believe that the government is making too many concessions to palestinians , 82% [disagree] the return of the deportees , 89% reject any change in the status of jerusalem as israel 's undivided capital , and 59% [disagree] what you constantly demand , that is , withdrawal to the pre-1967 lines with slight modifications .

Even more striking , 75 % either oppose all territorial concessions or demand an election or referendum before making any , and 69 % — with little difference between Labour and Likud voters — want all the Jewish settlements in Judea and Samaria to remain permanently under Israeli rule .
even more striking , 75 % either [disagree] all territorial concessions or demand an election or referendum before making any , and 69 % — with little difference between labour and likud voters — want all the jewish settlements in judea and samaria to remain permanently under israeli rule .

Unfortunately Brown intended to oppose the interest of Lord Home who was himself a soldier serving in the Netherlands and with many powerful friends there .
unfortunately brown intended to [disagree] the interest of lord home who was himself a soldier serving in the netherlands and with many powerful friends there .

Lord Home ordered his agents in Scotland to seize Brown as soon as he landed and to impress upon him ‘ what is very trew that if he oppose me he will dissoblige Prince Waldeck and all his officers ’ , and thus presumably ruin any chance which he might have of advancement .
lord home ordered his agents in scotland to seize brown as soon as he landed and to impress upon him ‘ what is very trew that if he [disagree] me he will dissoblige prince waldeck and all his officers ’ , and thus presumably ruin any chance which he might have of advancement .

Otherwise there is a danger that the phrase will be used merely symbolically , to create the illusion of change , to deflect criticism , or to discredit opposition ( because no one would want to be seen to oppose ‘ the child 's best interests ’ ) .
otherwise there is a danger that the phrase will be used merely symbolically , to create the illusion of change , to deflect criticism , or to discredit opposition ( because no one would want to be seen to [disagree] ‘ the child 's best interests ’ ) .

On May 7th farmers , politicians and ex-generals who oppose majority rule met in Pretoria to launch a new alliance calling itself the Afrikaner Volksfront , or Afrikaner People 's Front .
on may 7th farmers , politicians and ex-generals who [disagree] majority rule met in pretoria to launch a new alliance calling itself the afrikaner volksfront , or afrikaner people 's front .

Meanwhile , in Italy , some of the old gang of discredited politicians who used to support closer European co-operation have suddenly swung round to oppose it .
meanwhile , in italy , some of the old gang of discredited politicians who used to support closer european co-operation have suddenly swung round to [disagree] it .

So far we have considered primacy either as a manifestation of corporate tradition , or as a factor in Anselm 's relations with the pope , the archbishop of York , and other interested parties who might for one reason or another support or oppose Anselm 's claims .
so far we have considered primacy either as a manifestation of corporate tradition , or as a factor in anselm 's relations with the pope , the archbishop of york , and other interested parties who might for one reason or another support or [disagree] anselm 's claims .

The prospect of a play attempting to deal realistically with the phenomenon of drug and club culture would seem to be setting itself up as a target for scorn and ridicule from people involved in the scene and as a scapegoat for moral guardians who bitterly oppose it .
the prospect of a play attempting to deal realistically with the phenomenon of drug and club culture would seem to be setting itself up as a target for scorn and ridicule from people involved in the scene and as a scapegoat for moral guardians who bitterly [disagree] it .

The European problem was not to oppose the American proposal adamantly , but to find some compromise that would both satisfy the United States and assuage European fears of a revitalised German militarism .
the european problem was not to [disagree] the american proposal adamantly , but to find some compromise that would both satisfy the united states and assuage european fears of a revitalised german militarism .

In social situations it has to be recognised that there is at least one other sentient being present who has his own objectives which might accord with or oppose those of the first person .
in social situations it has to be recognised that there is at least one other sentient being present who has his own objectives which might accord with or [disagree] those of the first person .

It also suggests that teachers should oppose their critics on educational grounds rather than being forced continually onto the sterile terrain of vocationalism .
it also suggests that teachers should [disagree] their critics on educational grounds rather than being forced continually onto the sterile terrain of vocationalism .

Comparative findings might be used for normative , or even polemical , purposes in order to support or oppose certain aspects of a country 's domestic industrial relations policy .
comparative findings might be used for normative , or even polemical , purposes in order to support or [disagree] certain aspects of a country 's domestic industrial relations policy .

In that country the original intention was to oppose the compulsory arbitration system which employers had regarded as a fundamental challenge to management rights , and subsequently to disseminate information and advice to association members ‘ in interpreting the maze of awards , classifications and legislation that the system was producing ’ ( Plowman , 1980 , p. 253 ) .
in that country the original intention was to [disagree] the compulsory arbitration system which employers had regarded as a fundamental challenge to management rights , and subsequently to disseminate information and advice to association members ‘ in interpreting the maze of awards , classifications and legislation that the system was producing ’ ( plowman , 1980 , p. 253 ) .

Moreover , in view of the government 's stance , their new associations began to recognise and establish on-going relations with unions on an industry or regional basis — although they continued strongly to oppose a union presence within the enterprise in order to maximise their own control .
moreover , in view of the government 's stance , their new associations began to recognise and establish on-going relations with unions on an industry or regional basis — although they continued strongly to [disagree] a union presence within the enterprise in order to maximise their own control .

However much ignorant opposition there may have been at first to women taking part in public life , there are comparatively few cooperative men or women who would now oppose women being poor law guardians or members of educational communities .
however much ignorant opposition there may have been at first to women taking part in public life , there are comparatively few cooperative men or women who would now [disagree] women being poor law guardians or members of educational communities .

The Alliance attempted to mask the narrow sectional basis of ‘ economy ’ by popular appeals to the whole electorate ; in this it contrasted sharply with Labour , and so the nature of the appeal is worth closer scrutiny . In a leaflet entitled What is the West Ham Municipal Alliance ? , Lt Colonel Luscombe explained that the Alliance had originally been formed ‘ to oppose the Socialists and save West Ham ’ :
the alliance attempted to mask the narrow sectional basis of ‘ economy ’ by popular appeals to the whole electorate ; in this it contrasted sharply with labour , and so the nature of the appeal is worth closer scrutiny . in a leaflet entitled what is the west ham municipal alliance ? , lt colonel luscombe explained that the alliance had originally been formed ‘ to [disagree] the socialists and save west ham ’ :

At first glance some strands of these otherwise opposed political forces seem to agree on the use of censorship to oppose pornography .
at first glance some strands of these otherwise opposed political forces seem to agree on the use of censorship to [disagree] pornography .

From my own knowledge there are many Catholic Christians , including myself , who will continue to oppose the use of the death penalty for any reason , considering it barbaric and in total opposition to basic human rights . Can we do otherwise when our Lord suffered so cruel a death himself ?
from my own knowledge there are many catholic christians , including myself , who will continue to [disagree] the use of the death penalty for any reason , considering it barbaric and in total opposition to basic human rights . can we do otherwise when our lord suffered so cruel a death himself ?

This control by the government of the life and work of the House is pervasive and for most purposes has ended any corporate sense of ‘ the House ’ as a body which could oppose the government of the day .
this control by the government of the life and work of the house is pervasive and for most purposes has ended any corporate sense of ‘ the house ’ as a body which could [disagree] the government of the day .

The other great method of investigation and discovery of information was by the appointment of select committees , governments often feeling that they could not oppose motions seeking to elicit the facts on any situation .
the other great method of investigation and discovery of information was by the appointment of select committees , governments often feeling that they could not [disagree] motions seeking to elicit the facts on any situation .

In some cases unofficial ‘ bargains ’ may be made so that an outside body will agree not to lobby MPs to oppose the legislation in return for government acceptance of certain proposals .
in some cases unofficial ‘ bargains ’ may be made so that an outside body will agree not to lobby mps to [disagree] the legislation in return for government acceptance of certain proposals .

Thus most Ulster Catholics want Ulster to be merged with Eire in a united Ireland ; Ulster Protestants vigorously oppose such a policy and stress their loyalty to the British Crown .
thus most ulster catholics want ulster to be merged with eire in a united ireland ; ulster protestants vigorously [disagree] such a policy and stress their loyalty to the british crown .

Local amenity societies and conservation groups therefore frequently oppose their construction — ; and all too often the houses remain unbuilt .
local amenity societies and conservation groups therefore frequently [disagree] their construction — ; and all too often the houses remain unbuilt .

Not only have they continued vigilantly to oppose the many external threats to the countryside , but they have developed an awareness that the rural environment is also being subverted from within — by farmers and landowners , and the demands of modern agricultural practice .
not only have they continued vigilantly to [disagree] the many external threats to the countryside , but they have developed an awareness that the rural environment is also being subverted from within — by farmers and landowners , and the demands of modern agricultural practice .

’ The necessary legislation went through Parliament in November , despite Churchill summoning the Conservatives to oppose the Bill .
’ the necessary legislation went through parliament in november , despite churchill summoning the conservatives to [disagree] the bill .

The referendum was accompanied by an election for president : Danquah chose to oppose Nkrumah .
the referendum was accompanied by an election for president : danquah chose to [disagree] nkrumah .

Demonstrations , resolutions , debates in the Commons are all important in raising morale of those who oppose Mrs Thatcher , and in presenting a continual election campaign to the electorate .
demonstrations , resolutions , debates in the commons are all important in raising morale of those who [disagree] mrs thatcher , and in presenting a continual election campaign to the electorate .

However , the theme which deserves more attention is the basic argument of the article : the author is claiming not to be prejudiced and is attributing prejudice to those who oppose the National Front .
however , the theme which deserves more attention is the basic argument of the article : the author is claiming not to be prejudiced and is attributing prejudice to those who [disagree] the national front .

The persons claiming to lack prejudices , but to oppose the presence of non-white immigrants , offer justifications for their positions .
the persons claiming to lack prejudices , but to [disagree] the presence of non-white immigrants , offer justifications for their positions .

Simmel 's definition of culture is premised upon objectification ; he states that ‘ one of the basic capacities of the spirit is to separate itself from itself — to create forms , ideas , values that oppose it , and only in this form to gain consciousness of itself .
simmel 's definition of culture is premised upon objectification ; he states that ‘ one of the basic capacities of the spirit is to separate itself from itself — to create forms , ideas , values that [disagree] it , and only in this form to gain consciousness of itself .

In short , these anthropologists tend towards several of the dualisms which the concept of objectification has been used to oppose , while nevertheless providing important assertions and exemplifications of the process of consumption as culture .
in short , these anthropologists tend towards several of the dualisms which the concept of objectification has been used to [disagree] , while nevertheless providing important assertions and exemplifications of the process of consumption as culture .

Waller 's informants illustrated the residents ' reluctance to oppose the companies , for fear of losing their jobs and homes .
waller 's informants illustrated the residents ' reluctance to [disagree] the companies , for fear of losing their jobs and homes .

If the rationality of an action is judged solely by its realism then clearly reason must always be a characteristic of those who have the power to put their policies into practice , never of those who oppose them .
if the rationality of an action is judged solely by its realism then clearly reason must always be a characteristic of those who have the power to put their policies into practice , never of those who [disagree] them .

In Liverpool from late December 1888 the waterfront was seething with discontent , three major strikes took place , permanent unions emerged , the employers combined to oppose them and the traditional relationships between employers and employees were lastingly shattered `` .
in liverpool from late december 1888 the waterfront was seething with discontent , three major strikes took place , permanent unions emerged , the employers combined to [disagree] them and the traditional relationships between employers and employees were lastingly shattered `` .

If you solve the field problem and exercise due care in getting the signs right , you will find that the induced voltage is such as to oppose the voltage that created it .
if you solve the field problem and exercise due care in getting the signs right , you will find that the induced voltage is such as to [disagree] the voltage that created it .

Working-class residents may want a factory to be located in the village to provide local jobs , but the middle class , who wish only to consume ( and not produce ) in the area , may oppose this on conservationist grounds .
working-class residents may want a factory to be located in the village to provide local jobs , but the middle class , who wish only to consume ( and not produce ) in the area , may [disagree] this on conservationist grounds .

Again , low-income local families may need council houses but the in-migrant middle class may oppose all new developments , having obtained their own foothold in the village .
again , low-income local families may need council houses but the in-migrant middle class may [disagree] all new developments , having obtained their own foothold in the village .

Anyone who might oppose the new legislation can readily be branded as showing indifference towards the dreadful consequences which have sometimes flowed from these offences .
anyone who might [disagree] the new legislation can readily be branded as showing indifference towards the dreadful consequences which have sometimes flowed from these offences .

Such contradictions are bound to beset a working class party in power , if it does not oppose capitalism , but tries instead to make it run more efficiently and more humanely ’ ( Glyn and Sutcliffe , 1972 , p.213 ) .
such contradictions are bound to beset a working class party in power , if it does not [disagree] capitalism , but tries instead to make it run more efficiently and more humanely ’ ( glyn and sutcliffe , 1972 , p.213 ) .

If the Labour Party had announced , in 1964 or 66 , its intention to ‘ oppose capitalism ’ fundamentally and had explained what this was likely to involve in terms of dislocation of international trade and payments ( even Callaghan 's mildly redistributive budget of 1964 was enough to cause a run on the pound ) , and the onus which would have to be placed on the trade unions in running industry , given the likely non-co-operation of many among the managerial strata , it is quite implausible to say they would have been elected to office .
if the labour party had announced , in 1964 or 66 , its intention to ‘ [disagree] capitalism ’ fundamentally and had explained what this was likely to involve in terms of dislocation of international trade and payments ( even callaghan 's mildly redistributive budget of 1964 was enough to cause a run on the pound ) , and the onus which would have to be placed on the trade unions in running industry , given the likely non-co-operation of many among the managerial strata , it is quite implausible to say they would have been elected to office .

Once a case has reached the magistrates ' court , responsibility for granting or refusing bail becomes a matter for the court itself , but only after hearing representations from the Crown Prosecution Service if the latter decides to oppose a bail application .
once a case has reached the magistrates ' court , responsibility for granting or refusing bail becomes a matter for the court itself , but only after hearing representations from the crown prosecution service if the latter decides to [disagree] a bail application .

There were , of course , other forces at work which were driving the subject peoples to oppose their alien overlords .
there were , of course , other forces at work which were driving the subject peoples to [disagree] their alien overlords .

Since Félix was not going to oppose her wishes to meet Harry in London in July , then there was still a chance — however remote — that she could change Harry 's mind about the American girl .
since félix was not going to [disagree] her wishes to meet harry in london in july , then there was still a chance — however remote — that she could change harry 's mind about the american girl .

Section 5 of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 allows a wife to oppose divorce after five years ' separation on the grounds that dissolution of the marriage would cause ‘ grave financial or other hardship ’ , but very few such cases have succeeded ( Cretney and Masson , 1990 , pp .
section 5 of the matrimonial causes act 1973 allows a wife to [disagree] divorce after five years ' separation on the grounds that dissolution of the marriage would cause ‘ grave financial or other hardship ’ , but very few such cases have succeeded ( cretney and masson , 1990 , pp .

How should we oppose government plans ?
how should we [disagree] government plans ?

This phenomenon may either favour or oppose the career interests of potential coauthors .
this phenomenon may either favour or [disagree] the career interests of potential coauthors .

The Nazi state itself was fraught with internal contradictions , and in the last resort , the Soviet Union could be relied upon not only to oppose fascist aggression , but also to thwart the potentially treacherous politics of reactionary French and British governments .
the nazi state itself was fraught with internal contradictions , and in the last resort , the soviet union could be relied upon not only to [disagree] fascist aggression , but also to thwart the potentially treacherous politics of reactionary french and british governments .

Everything that he had written during the previous four years on the overriding need to oppose fascism , on the need to defend nation states through the creation of a Strong system of alliances based on collective security , and on the central role of the Soviet Union in promoting peace and stability , all was reduced to the level of absurdity by the Nazi-Soviet pact , the invasion of Poland and subsequently the war in Finland .
everything that he had written during the previous four years on the overriding need to [disagree] fascism , on the need to defend nation states through the creation of a strong system of alliances based on collective security , and on the central role of the soviet union in promoting peace and stability , all was reduced to the level of absurdity by the nazi-soviet pact , the invasion of poland and subsequently the war in finland .

When it was learned that Stratford was convening a provincial council to oppose or denounce this annulment , he and other bishops received writs of prohibition forbidding them to do so .
when it was learned that stratford was convening a provincial council to [disagree] or denounce this annulment , he and other bishops received writs of prohibition forbidding them to do so .

Introduced by Vicki , Barbara makes a reluctant promise to Bennett not to oppose Koquillion .
introduced by vicki , barbara makes a reluctant promise to bennett not to [disagree] koquillion .

He gave as the ground for his refusal Matadial 's acceptance that her statement to the police was incorrect , but Mr. Pantry did not oppose the application and their Lordships consider that the judge would have done better to read the statement before giving his ruling .
he gave as the ground for his refusal matadial 's acceptance that her statement to the police was incorrect , but mr. pantry did not [disagree] the application and their lordships consider that the judge would have done better to read the statement before giving his ruling .

The local authority indicated that it would oppose the application .
the local authority indicated that it would [disagree] the application .

The grounds of appeal were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the justices had exercised their discretion to award costs on the wrong principles as it had not been shown that the local authority had acted in bad faith or unreasonable in the performance of its statutory duties or had acted unreasonably in the conduct of the proceedings before the court ; ( 2 ) there were no circumstances which justified the making of the costs order ; ( 3 ) the justice should have found that there were good reasons for the local authority to be concerned about the father 's ability to care for the children , the local authority was not bound to adopt the view of the guardian ad litem and the local authority had communicated the decision not to oppose the father 's application within a reasonable time on receiving the report of the guardian ad litem ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to assume that the change in the view of the local authority amounted to an admission that the views of the local authority had been wrong all the time .
the grounds of appeal were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the justices had exercised their discretion to award costs on the wrong principles as it had not been shown that the local authority had acted in bad faith or unreasonable in the performance of its statutory duties or had acted unreasonably in the conduct of the proceedings before the court ; ( 2 ) there were no circumstances which justified the making of the costs order ; ( 3 ) the justice should have found that there were good reasons for the local authority to be concerned about the father 's ability to care for the children , the local authority was not bound to adopt the view of the guardian ad litem and the local authority had communicated the decision not to [disagree] the father 's application within a reasonable time on receiving the report of the guardian ad litem ; ( 4 ) the justices had been wrong to assume that the change in the view of the local authority amounted to an admission that the views of the local authority had been wrong all the time .

Where the debtor intends to oppose the petition , he must not later than seven days before the hearing file at court a notice specifying the grounds on which he objects to the making of a bankruptcy order and send a copy of the notice to the petitioning creditor ( r 6.21 ) .
where the debtor intends to [disagree] the petition , he must not later than seven days before the hearing file at court a notice specifying the grounds on which he objects to the making of a bankruptcy order and send a copy of the notice to the petitioning creditor ( r 6.21 ) .

The list must specify the names and addresses of the creditors concerned , the amount of their debts and whether they support or oppose the petition .
the list must specify the names and addresses of the creditors concerned , the amount of their debts and whether they support or [disagree] the petition .

Their objective is not to oppose the area 's development , just the actual barrage .
their objective is not to [disagree] the area 's development , just the actual barrage .

( 6 ) Where any person desires to oppose an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered , give to the licensing board and to the applicant written notice of his objection specifying the round of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this Act .
( 6 ) where any person desires to [disagree] an application for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered , give to the licensing board and to the applicant written notice of his objection specifying the round of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this act .

( 5 ) Any person intending to oppose an application for renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act shall , not later than seven days before the hearing of the application , give to the holder of the licence and to the licensing board notice in writing of his intention , specifying the ground of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this Act .
( 5 ) any person intending to [disagree] an application for renewal of a licence under this part of this act shall , not later than seven days before the hearing of the application , give to the holder of the licence and to the licensing board notice in writing of his intention , specifying the ground of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this act .

However , there may well have been other pressures on working class men as individuals , causing them to oppose the work of their wives .
however , there may well have been other pressures on working class men as individuals , causing them to [disagree] the work of their wives .

From the perspective of radical Labour councils ( seeking to oppose Conservative central government cuts ) Saunders puts forward the same four dimensions :
from the perspective of radical labour councils ( seeking to [disagree] conservative central government cuts ) saunders puts forward the same four dimensions :

The twelfth abbot , according to the guidebook , was the subject of complaints to the Pope , that he had treated his flock , ‘ not like a gentle shepherd , but like a ravening wolf , harrying it ‘ with the stings of affliction , and the bites of persecution ’ , bestowing its property upon his kinsfolk and driving from the monastery those who dared to oppose him' .
the twelfth abbot , according to the guidebook , was the subject of complaints to the pope , that he had treated his flock , ‘ not like a gentle shepherd , but like a ravening wolf , harrying it ‘ with the stings of affliction , and the bites of persecution ’ , bestowing its property upon his kinsfolk and driving from the monastery those who dared to [disagree] him' .

The Communists , following their isolationist policy , were the only working-class group to oppose this experiment .
the communists , following their isolationist policy , were the only working-class group to [disagree] this experiment .

First they begin a political offensive , propagandising widely and saying that the Cuban people oppose Communism … At the same time they intensify their economic attack and cause Cuba to fall into economic difficulties .
first they begin a political offensive , propagandising widely and saying that the cuban people [disagree] communism … at the same time they intensify their economic attack and cause cuba to fall into economic difficulties .

Chief officers continue to oppose any reform of the present system .
chief officers continue to [disagree] any reform of the present system .

If we are to oppose love to such wily , muscled concepts as power , money , history and death , then we must n't retreat into self-celebration or snobby vagueness .
if we are to [disagree] love to such wily , muscled concepts as power , money , history and death , then we must n't retreat into self-celebration or snobby vagueness .

To develop hegemonic gain the Conservative Party has constructed itself as the party which will bring prosperity , reconstruct traditional values , end dependency , encourage work and oppose the threats of progressiveness , ethnic groups and cultures , and ‘ loony left ’ policies in local government .
to develop hegemonic gain the conservative party has constructed itself as the party which will bring prosperity , reconstruct traditional values , end dependency , encourage work and [disagree] the threats of progressiveness , ethnic groups and cultures , and ‘ loony left ’ policies in local government .

Surprisingly , the Counsel for the Bank of England did not support or oppose the adjournment of the petition to wind up this ailing bank — it said nothing !
surprisingly , the counsel for the bank of england did not support or [disagree] the adjournment of the petition to wind up this ailing bank — it said nothing !

Iran would strongly oppose such a move , despite its concerns over the Shi ' a south of Iraq , in part because of its anxieties over its own minorities and in part because of the danger of the consequent ‘ Lebanonisation ’ of Iraq , with the threat of continued Western involvement .
iran would strongly [disagree] such a move , despite its concerns over the shi ' a south of iraq , in part because of its anxieties over its own minorities and in part because of the danger of the consequent ‘ lebanonisation ’ of iraq , with the threat of continued western involvement .

Do everything possible to oppose the Poll Tax .
do everything possible to [disagree] the poll tax .

Oppose plans for the redevelopment of the open space by the Ice Rink .
[disagree] plans for the redevelopment of the open space by the ice rink .

Oppose inappropriate plans for commercial development on Wytham Street .
[disagree] inappropriate plans for commercial development on wytham street .

However , it was on financial policies that he chose to oppose his senior colleague , the lord treasurer Thomas Osborne , first Earl of Danby [ q.v . ]
however , it was on financial policies that he chose to [disagree] his senior colleague , the lord treasurer thomas osborne , first earl of danby [ q.v . ]

These last did in Scotland what they could not do in England , causing Protestant zealots , whom Ewing also disliked , to oppose the Oxford men with constant litigation .
these last did in scotland what they could not do in england , causing protestant zealots , whom ewing also disliked , to [disagree] the oxford men with constant litigation .

In 1866 loyalty to the German Confederation made George side with Austria and oppose Prussia in the contest for German primacy .
in 1866 loyalty to the german confederation made george side with austria and [disagree] prussia in the contest for german primacy .

The status which it gave him as a disinherited lord led him to oppose the Anglo-Scottish truce of 1323 and helped to persuade him to turn his coat shortly afterwards .
the status which it gave him as a disinherited lord led him to [disagree] the anglo-scottish truce of 1323 and helped to persuade him to turn his coat shortly afterwards .

Neither did his eagerness to oppose the Pilgrims of Grace in 1536–7 , which must be compared with Dacre 's expedient withdrawal to London and with the discrete disappearance of Sir Thomas ( later first Baron ) Wharton [ q.v . ]
neither did his eagerness to [disagree] the pilgrims of grace in 1536–7 , which must be compared with dacre 's expedient withdrawal to london and with the discrete disappearance of sir thomas ( later first baron ) wharton [ q.v . ]

The Soviet Union and Vietnam oppose the idea of a separate neutralisation of Kampuchea on similar grounds .
the soviet union and vietnam [disagree] the idea of a separate neutralisation of kampuchea on similar grounds .

But despite the power of the state 's repressive , military and administrative , apparatus , Holbrecht could not mobilize sufficient public power ( as had been possible in Paris and Vienna ) to oppose the interests and manoeuvres of property owners .
but despite the power of the state 's repressive , military and administrative , apparatus , holbrecht could not mobilize sufficient public power ( as had been possible in paris and vienna ) to [disagree] the interests and manoeuvres of property owners .

This group had come to oppose what they saw as the ‘ sterile-naturalistic ’ style of Brahm 's productions .
this group had come to [disagree] what they saw as the ‘ sterile-naturalistic ’ style of brahm 's productions .

The problem is that the burden to oppose a development falls upon local communities .
the problem is that the burden to [disagree] a development falls upon local communities .

Some of them think that because they oppose the Smith regime they are automatically right .
some of them think that because they [disagree] the smith regime they are automatically right .

Navajo Indians oppose Arizona mining
navajo indians [disagree] arizona mining

Indians oppose Arctic drilling
indians [disagree] arctic drilling

Tribal leaders in northern Alaska and the northern Yukon have joined forces to oppose proposals for oil drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , winter home to the caribou on which the tribes depend .
tribal leaders in northern alaska and the northern yukon have joined forces to [disagree] proposals for oil drilling in the arctic national wildlife refuge , winter home to the caribou on which the tribes depend .

The Independent `` argued that it could not in natural justice be bound by an order made against another newspaper , on different facts , and which it had been given no opportunity to oppose .
the independent `` argued that it could not in natural justice be bound by an order made against another newspaper , on different facts , and which it had been given no opportunity to [disagree] .

People in the West can oppose South Africa 's apartheid with little inconvenience to themselves — but it 's a different matter for Mozambique .
people in the west can [disagree] south africa 's apartheid with little inconvenience to themselves — but it 's a different matter for mozambique .

Can we oppose the checkerboard strategy on the ground that it would produce more instances of injustice than it would prevent ?
can we [disagree] the checkerboard strategy on the ground that it would produce more instances of injustice than it would prevent ?

Rejecting a checkerboard solution seems perverse in the same way when the alternative will be the general triumph of the principle we oppose .
rejecting a checkerboard solution seems perverse in the same way when the alternative will be the general triumph of the principle we [disagree] .

The most natural explanation of why we oppose checkerboard statutes appeals to that ideal : we say that a state that adopts these internal compromises is acting in an unprincipled way , even though no single official who voted for or enforces the compromise has done anything which , judging his individual actions by the ordinary standards of personal morality , he ought not to have done .
the most natural explanation of why we [disagree] checkerboard statutes appeals to that ideal : we say that a state that adopts these internal compromises is acting in an unprincipled way , even though no single official who voted for or enforces the compromise has done anything which , judging his individual actions by the ordinary standards of personal morality , he ought not to have done .

But what choice did she have if he was determined to oppose her ?
but what choice did she have if he was determined to [disagree] her ?

However some answering ‘ yes ’ to this also went on to oppose any cap in the case of private clients — which suggests that the capping implications of this question may not have been fully appreciated .
however some answering ‘ yes ’ to this also went on to [disagree] any cap in the case of private clients — which suggests that the capping implications of this question may not have been fully appreciated .

If no code is adopted or requirement made , the issue will be whether it was an implied term of the contract that the expert would follow fair procedures , which would be difficult to oppose in general terms , but the exact extent of the duty would always be controversial .
if no code is adopted or requirement made , the issue will be whether it was an implied term of the contract that the expert would follow fair procedures , which would be difficult to [disagree] in general terms , but the exact extent of the duty would always be controversial .

The only circumstances in which an option to renew will be of practical value to the tenant are where the landlord might be able successfully to oppose the grant of a new tenancy .
the only circumstances in which an option to renew will be of practical value to the tenant are where the landlord might be able successfully to [disagree] the grant of a new tenancy .

Traditionally some vendors oppose asset sales on the basis that it takes too long to obtain the landlord 's consent and the long delay between exchange and completion causes uncertainty for the business .
traditionally some vendors [disagree] asset sales on the basis that it takes too long to obtain the landlord 's consent and the long delay between exchange and completion causes uncertainty for the business .

An alliance has been formed linking activists in industrialised and developing countries to oppose the use of biotechnology in agriculture .
an alliance has been formed linking activists in industrialised and developing countries to [disagree] the use of biotechnology in agriculture .

Activists in rich countries will organise consumer boycotts of genetically engineered foods , while farmers in the south take action to oppose the patenting of genes .
activists in rich countries will organise consumer boycotts of genetically engineered foods , while farmers in the south take action to [disagree] the patenting of genes .

Deep sea fishing countries such as Japan , Korea and Russia can be expected to oppose such organisations being given legally enforceable powers to control fishing .
deep sea fishing countries such as japan , korea and russia can be expected to [disagree] such organisations being given legally enforceable powers to control fishing .

Campaigners oppose development of Tokyo wetland
campaigners [disagree] development of tokyo wetland

Russia has already made clear that it would oppose any renegotiation of the convention .
russia has already made clear that it would [disagree] any renegotiation of the convention .

As the philosopher Gillian Rose has pointed out , `` recognising our transformative or productive activity has a special claim as a mode of acknowledging actuality which transcends the dichotomies between theoretical and practical reason … transformative activity acknowledges actuality in the act and does not oppose act to non-act `` .
as the philosopher gillian rose has pointed out , `` recognising our transformative or productive activity has a special claim as a mode of acknowledging actuality which transcends the dichotomies between theoretical and practical reason … transformative activity acknowledges actuality in the act and does not [disagree] act to non-act `` .

One of the problems of opposing what deconstruction has had to say about language is that , according to deconstructionists like Miller and de Man , to do so is to oppose language itself .
one of the problems of opposing what deconstruction has had to say about language is that , according to deconstructionists like miller and de man , to do so is to [disagree] language itself .

It is now acceptable to oppose discrimination against women and people with disabilities , but the issue of discrimination against Travellers needs to be put firmly on the agenda .
it is now acceptable to [disagree] discrimination against women and people with disabilities , but the issue of discrimination against travellers needs to be put firmly on the agenda .

So successfully indeed did the Bishops of Saintes oppose the claims of their rival that it was not until the seventeenth century that La Rochelle was allowed to have a cathedral of its own .
so successfully indeed did the bishops of saintes [disagree] the claims of their rival that it was not until the seventeenth century that la rochelle was allowed to have a cathedral of its own .

Even so , the Tories continued uncompromisingly to oppose .
even so , the tories continued uncompromisingly to [disagree] .

Both newly-independent and other States tend to oppose claims of secession , and thus to impose treaty and other liabilities upon any seceding entity .
both newly-independent and other states tend to [disagree] claims of secession , and thus to impose treaty and other liabilities upon any seceding entity .

To oppose McCarthy was to invite hints about one 's own loyalty .
to [disagree] mccarthy was to invite hints about one 's own loyalty .

By May the principle of change had been accepted as inevitable , for once an extension of the franchise had been proposed , it would be suicidal for the party to oppose it , and there was thus a need to concentrate on pressing detailed amendments , for example to protect the interests and representation of agriculture .
by may the principle of change had been accepted as inevitable , for once an extension of the franchise had been proposed , it would be suicidal for the party to [disagree] it , and there was thus a need to concentrate on pressing detailed amendments , for example to protect the interests and representation of agriculture .

The battle now shifted to parliament , where the second reading was carried by a huge majority on 22 May ; many Unionists spoke against the Bill , but few could bring themselves to oppose it in principle , and so Sanders could mobilize only forty MPs to go with him into the No lobby .
the battle now shifted to parliament , where the second reading was carried by a huge majority on 22 may ; many unionists spoke against the bill , but few could bring themselves to [disagree] it in principle , and so sanders could mobilize only forty mps to go with him into the no lobby .

They could not easily accept a return to old party cries or the need to oppose men who had become close friends .
they could not easily accept a return to old party cries or the need to [disagree] men who had become close friends .

Nor were such responses confined to the cabinet , for many Unionist MPs could not bring themselves to oppose Lloyd George in 1922 after six years of backing him , and one at least never broke the habit : `` He had become fascinated by Lloyd George .
nor were such responses confined to the cabinet , for many unionist mps could not bring themselves to [disagree] lloyd george in 1922 after six years of backing him , and one at least never broke the habit : `` he had become fascinated by lloyd george .

Lloyd George disarmed his opponents on Ireland with his Russian policy , and his opponents on Russia with his Irish policy , and they did not combine to oppose him .
lloyd george disarmed his opponents on ireland with his russian policy , and his opponents on russia with his irish policy , and they did not combine to [disagree] him .

It was now that the assurances of 1918 that the pact would be for one election only came home to roost ; wanting to be ready in plenty of time , many local parties were by 1921 selecting candidates who would oppose sitting Coalition Liberals .
it was now that the assurances of 1918 that the pact would be for one election only came home to roost ; wanting to be ready in plenty of time , many local parties were by 1921 selecting candidates who would [disagree] sitting coalition liberals .

The main British force to oppose the advance of the army consisted of the household warriors and levies of the combined kingdom of the tribes of the Catuvellauni and the Trinovantes .
the main british force to [disagree] the advance of the army consisted of the household warriors and levies of the combined kingdom of the tribes of the catuvellauni and the trinovantes .

The Durotriges , with most probably the southern branch of the Dubunni , gave the Romans serious trouble , so it can be assumed that they may have supplied a strong detachment to help oppose the Medway crossing .
the durotriges , with most probably the southern branch of the dubunni , gave the romans serious trouble , so it can be assumed that they may have supplied a strong detachment to help [disagree] the medway crossing .

They oppose with greater or lesser emphasis any ‘ objective ’ substitutes for mens rea , especially the reasonable man , though intoxication is treated as an exception .
they [disagree] with greater or lesser emphasis any ‘ objective ’ substitutes for mens rea , especially the reasonable man , though intoxication is treated as an exception .

As far as state-owned items are concerned , Italy , Greece , Spain and Portugal oppose any time limit on requests to return an illegally removed object , on the grounds that it would be inalienable .
as far as state-owned items are concerned , italy , greece , spain and portugal [disagree] any time limit on requests to return an illegally removed object , on the grounds that it would be inalienable .

Most foreign nationals in Japan continued vociferously to oppose any change in their advantageous position , but their views had less and less weight with government representatives both on the spot and at home .
most foreign nationals in japan continued vociferously to [disagree] any change in their advantageous position , but their views had less and less weight with government representatives both on the spot and at home .

Following the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 , the same spirit of moderation lay behind his efforts to bring religious dissenters back to the Anglican fold and to oppose legislation that disadvantaged them .
following the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 , the same spirit of moderation lay behind his efforts to bring religious dissenters back to the anglican fold and to [disagree] legislation that disadvantaged them .

The history of penal reform has been marked by resistance to novelty ; people need time to get used to ideas , even if they come to oppose them .
the history of penal reform has been marked by resistance to novelty ; people need time to get used to ideas , even if they come to [disagree] them .

In practice , in Brazil and elsewhere , the alliance within sectors is always unstable , because coalitions form to oppose the status quo .
in practice , in brazil and elsewhere , the alliance within sectors is always unstable , because coalitions form to [disagree] the status quo .

We should not oppose the principle of compulsory treatment simply because it could be misused .
we should not [disagree] the principle of compulsory treatment simply because it could be misused .

The theory of resistance had its roots in the traditional distinction between a king and a tyrant , and the consequent argument that while lawful kings should not be resisted , it could be a duty to oppose a tyrant .
the theory of resistance had its roots in the traditional distinction between a king and a tyrant , and the consequent argument that while lawful kings should not be resisted , it could be a duty to [disagree] a tyrant .

Is it reasonable , in the absence of unanimity , to equate the will of the people with the will of the majority , as is so often done in everyday politics ? To see what is at stake here , we can juxtapose this question with two others directed at the same problem . Is there any reason why the minority , or any minority , should not be accounted part of the people ? Or is there any sense in which those who oppose and vote against a particular policy or decision can be said to assent to it , or can be said to be governing themselves when they have voted against the policy that has been adopted ?
is it reasonable , in the absence of unanimity , to equate the will of the people with the will of the majority , as is so often done in everyday politics ? to see what is at stake here , we can juxtapose this question with two others directed at the same problem . is there any reason why the minority , or any minority , should not be accounted part of the people ? or is there any sense in which those who [disagree] and vote against a particular policy or decision can be said to assent to it , or can be said to be governing themselves when they have voted against the policy that has been adopted ?

It has certainly been quite often the case , in practice , that spokespersons for the majority have tried to portray the minority who oppose as not really being part of `` the people `` at all .
it has certainly been quite often the case , in practice , that spokespersons for the majority have tried to portray the minority who [disagree] as not really being part of `` the people `` at all .

Although we can not honestly say that those who unsuccessfully oppose a particular decision or policy consent to that decision or policy when it is carried out despite their opposition , we can say that they are nevertheless bound by that decision in so far as they accept both the principle of majority decisions and the fairness of the procedures through which the decision is reached or the policy made .
although we can not honestly say that those who unsuccessfully [disagree] a particular decision or policy consent to that decision or policy when it is carried out despite their opposition , we can say that they are nevertheless bound by that decision in so far as they accept both the principle of majority decisions and the fairness of the procedures through which the decision is reached or the policy made .

We saw earlier that majority decision-taking , even in the context of direct participatory democracy , poses the problem of how those who oppose the majority position and vote against it can be said to be governing themselves .
we saw earlier that majority decision-taking , even in the context of direct participatory democracy , poses the problem of how those who [disagree] the majority position and vote against it can be said to be governing themselves .

This is not the place to enter into a detailed discussion of different electoral systems and their advantages and disadvantages ; but it should be noted that those who oppose the general principle of proportional representation do not usually do so in terms of arguments about democracy and representation , but more often stress the need for strong and stable government .
this is not the place to enter into a detailed discussion of different electoral systems and their advantages and disadvantages ; but it should be noted that those who [disagree] the general principle of proportional representation do not usually do so in terms of arguments about democracy and representation , but more often stress the need for strong and stable government .

In our country , there are many religious sects , such as the Evangelists and the Jehovah 's Witnesses , who do not have a policy of commitment to the poor and oppose trade union organization .
in our country , there are many religious sects , such as the evangelists and the jehovah 's witnesses , who do not have a policy of commitment to the poor and [disagree] trade union organization .

An important restriction to this right is the `` privilege `` granted to the Crown and other public bodies to oppose discovery on the ground that publication is not in the public interest .
an important restriction to this right is the `` privilege `` granted to the crown and other public bodies to [disagree] discovery on the ground that publication is not in the public interest .

There is a basic conflict between the need for technical scrutiny of legislation and the political need to oppose the legislation , to make it unworkable rather than improve it .
there is a basic conflict between the need for technical scrutiny of legislation and the political need to [disagree] the legislation , to make it unworkable rather than improve it .

It was anticipated that the Soviet Union would either oppose the suggestion or , if she agreed , that the report would be negative in approach .
it was anticipated that the soviet union would either [disagree] the suggestion or , if she agreed , that the report would be negative in approach .

Choate shows up the hypocrisy of former Administration members who oppose the Japanese publicly but take large fees for acting for them behind the scenes .
choate shows up the hypocrisy of former administration members who [disagree] the japanese publicly but take large fees for acting for them behind the scenes .

In January 1340 Edward formally assumed the title of king of France ( to which he had already laid claim in 1337 ) , perhaps to make his Flemish allies feel that they were legally entitled to help him oppose their traditional lord , the king of France .
in january 1340 edward formally assumed the title of king of france ( to which he had already laid claim in 1337 ) , perhaps to make his flemish allies feel that they were legally entitled to help him [disagree] their traditional lord , the king of france .

Thus Aquinas , who stood in a long tradition which came to him through the teachings of the early canonists summed up in Gratian 's Decretum ( 1140 ) , was clear that every state had both the right and the duty to defend itself , its legitimate existence , and its rights when these could be legally proved ( ‘ It is legitimate to oppose force with force ’ , as Justinian 's Digest put it ) .
thus aquinas , who stood in a long tradition which came to him through the teachings of the early canonists summed up in gratian 's decretum ( 1140 ) , was clear that every state had both the right and the duty to defend itself , its legitimate existence , and its rights when these could be legally proved ( ‘ it is legitimate to [disagree] force with force ’ , as justinian 's digest put it ) .

Elsewhere he writes of the need to oppose those who see politics as a science , which would let Reason transcend the political .
elsewhere he writes of the need to [disagree] those who see politics as a science , which would let reason transcend the political .

The explanatory commentary to Article 3 , dealing with service by agents of the court or of the parties , observes that ‘ there is no cogent reason why States should be free to oppose service by such regularly established means as agents of a tribunal or a party where no compulsion is exercised , and where no political problem , such as is involved in the exercise of diplomatic or consular functions , is raised ’ .
the explanatory commentary to article 3 , dealing with service by agents of the court or of the parties , observes that ‘ there is no cogent reason why states should be free to [disagree] service by such regularly established means as agents of a tribunal or a party where no compulsion is exercised , and where no political problem , such as is involved in the exercise of diplomatic or consular functions , is raised ’ .

This may lead those who would otherwise oppose the practice to defend it on cultural grounds .
this may lead those who would otherwise [disagree] the practice to defend it on cultural grounds .

The Labour movement was not , however , convinced by these arguments : rather it continued to oppose family allowances .
the labour movement was not , however , convinced by these arguments : rather it continued to [disagree] family allowances .

We do not demand a ban on all sterilisation just because some women are forced to be sterilised , we do not even attack the whole concept of a well are state just because of abuses like the cohabitation rule , so why oppose pay for childcare solely because it might be abused ?
we do not demand a ban on all sterilisation just because some women are forced to be sterilised , we do not even attack the whole concept of a well are state just because of abuses like the cohabitation rule , so why [disagree] pay for childcare solely because it might be abused ?

Socialists and feminists oppose this move , not only because it enables landlords to evict tenants easily and raise rents , but because they recognise that the demise of this sector is , broadly speaking , a result of the decreasing profitability of investment in this sector ( Merrett , 1979 , p.281 ) , not of legislation concerning rent control and tenants ' rights .
socialists and feminists [disagree] this move , not only because it enables landlords to evict tenants easily and raise rents , but because they recognise that the demise of this sector is , broadly speaking , a result of the decreasing profitability of investment in this sector ( merrett , 1979 , p.281 ) , not of legislation concerning rent control and tenants ' rights .

It is difficult to assess at this stage what the repercussions of these provisions on this sector will be , but it is important to oppose yet another Tory move to minimise statutory responsibility to provide housing for people without homes .
it is difficult to assess at this stage what the repercussions of these provisions on this sector will be , but it is important to [disagree] yet another tory move to minimise statutory responsibility to provide housing for people without homes .

By leaving the analysis at the abstract level , Freud has enabled some psychotherapists to oppose all crowd phenomena in religious and political action , to see it all as being pathological .
by leaving the analysis at the abstract level , freud has enabled some psychotherapists to [disagree] all crowd phenomena in religious and political action , to see it all as being pathological .

It is an error , therefore , to oppose Freudian explanations of religion to those of Marx , Engels , Durkheim and Weber .
it is an error , therefore , to [disagree] freudian explanations of religion to those of marx , engels , durkheim and weber .

Social scientists seem to confuse the two , and because they oppose religion and are unbelievers , they do little work on religion in human societies .
social scientists seem to confuse the two , and because they [disagree] religion and are unbelievers , they do little work on religion in human societies .

If you oppose this development then make your voice heard .
if you [disagree] this development then make your voice heard .

Even before she landed the lack of enthusiasm for Edward 's regime had become apparent , for the fleet which Edward ordered to muster to oppose her landing refused to do so ‘ because of the great wrath they [ i.e .
even before she landed the lack of enthusiasm for edward 's regime had become apparent , for the fleet which edward ordered to muster to [disagree] her landing refused to do so ‘ because of the great wrath they [ i.e .

They want them to be more responsible , more self-determining , to take matters into their own hands , and yet they oppose the only thing the tenants have of their own — organisation .
they want them to be more responsible , more self-determining , to take matters into their own hands , and yet they [disagree] the only thing the tenants have of their own — organisation .

In conjunction with considerable manual dexterity derived in part from the ability to oppose thumb and index finger which man shares with the gelada baboon and presumably derives from the same source ( picking up small objects of the diet ) , the adoption of an upright posture created the right conditions for the final emancipation of the hand from locomotion and set man on the path which led to the invention and use of tools and to material culture in general .
in conjunction with considerable manual dexterity derived in part from the ability to [disagree] thumb and index finger which man shares with the gelada baboon and presumably derives from the same source ( picking up small objects of the diet ) , the adoption of an upright posture created the right conditions for the final emancipation of the hand from locomotion and set man on the path which led to the invention and use of tools and to material culture in general .

We oppose this on the basis that it reinforces our current oppression under capitalism — women being divorced from the means of production .
we [disagree] this on the basis that it reinforces our current oppression under capitalism — women being divorced from the means of production .

Their bodies were left for several hours to serve as an example of the fate awaiting people who oppose the regime .
their bodies were left for several hours to serve as an example of the fate awaiting people who [disagree] the regime .

If you wish to oppose the granting of such decree you should put your reasons in writing and send your letter to the address shown below . Your letter must reach the Court before
if you wish to [disagree] the granting of such decree you should put your reasons in writing and send your letter to the address shown below . your letter must reach the court before

Observers noted that some members of the military had interests on the boards of several state enterprises and that they were thought to oppose wide-ranging privatization plans .
observers noted that some members of the military had interests on the boards of several state enterprises and that they were thought to [disagree] wide-ranging privatization plans .

The Prime Minister therefore came under increasing pressure from within his own Likud party to oppose any compromise on the proposed Palestinian delegation .
the prime minister therefore came under increasing pressure from within his own likud party to [disagree] any compromise on the proposed palestinian delegation .

Although the round table voted to oppose foreign participation in the campaign for the March 18 election , West German party political support rapidly assumed a high profile .
although the round table voted to [disagree] foreign participation in the campaign for the march 18 election , west german party political support rapidly assumed a high profile .

People who oppose religion on the grounds of its intolerance and bigotry think that the risks are very high .
people who [disagree] religion on the grounds of its intolerance and bigotry think that the risks are very high .

One government pamphlet complained how scarcely any of the Anglican clergy could find it in their hearts to thank the King , `` and those Few that pretend to do it , have proceeded so Awkwardly in their Acknowledgments , as renders them of very little Value , since in the same addresses they also pressed for `` the continuance of those Penal Laws , which diametrically oppose … the Royal Indulgence `` .
one government pamphlet complained how scarcely any of the anglican clergy could find it in their hearts to thank the king , `` and those few that pretend to do it , have proceeded so awkwardly in their acknowledgments , as renders them of very little value , since in the same addresses they also pressed for `` the continuance of those penal laws , which diametrically [disagree] … the royal indulgence `` .

When a proposed Abjuration Bill was defeated in the House in December 1692 , it was reported that `` the Jacobites and Comonwealths men joyn 'd together `` to oppose it .
when a proposed abjuration bill was defeated in the house in december 1692 , it was reported that `` the jacobites and comonwealths men joyn 'd together `` to [disagree] it .

Such contrasting figures as Averell Harriman and General MacArthur were among those to oppose direct American intervention in that country .
such contrasting figures as averell harriman and general macarthur were among those to [disagree] direct american intervention in that country .

Washington was also disappointed to find that once in office Labour was determined to oppose any proposals , however ingenious , to give West Germany access to nuclear weapons .
washington was also disappointed to find that once in office labour was determined to [disagree] any proposals , however ingenious , to give west germany access to nuclear weapons .

The conflict between Guntram and Childebert , moreover , allowed the clergy to oppose their bishop , while , at least from Gregory 's account , it seems as though the laity supported him .
the conflict between guntram and childebert , moreover , allowed the clergy to [disagree] their bishop , while , at least from gregory 's account , it seems as though the laity supported him .

On occasion , however , a prince might oppose his father .
on occasion , however , a prince might [disagree] his father .

to identify the political and economic groups that have an incentive either to promote and support particular prevention policies or to obstruct and oppose them ;
to identify the political and economic groups that have an incentive either to promote and support particular prevention policies or to obstruct and [disagree] them ;

Pubs oppose price rises
pubs [disagree] price rises

But McDonnell Douglas , which beat more than 100 firms to win the contract for a payroll and personnel system , says it will oppose the ‘ ill advised ’ legal action .
but mcdonnell douglas , which beat more than 100 firms to win the contract for a payroll and personnel system , says it will [disagree] the ‘ ill advised ’ legal action .

As the coffee revived her she began to catch odd words and phrases . ‘ As a magistrate … formal application … prosecutor might oppose … gravity of the offence … likelihood of defendant absconding … interference with investigations … ’
as the coffee revived her she began to catch odd words and phrases . ‘ as a magistrate … formal application … prosecutor might [disagree] … gravity of the offence … likelihood of defendant absconding … interference with investigations … ’

Otherwise , the Law Society might be obliged to oppose the current legal aid franchising proposals .
otherwise , the law society might be obliged to [disagree] the current legal aid franchising proposals .

However , various other factors will tend to oppose crystallization ; chain entanglements will hinder the diffusion of chains into suitable orientations and if the temperature is above the melting temperature , thermal motions will be sufficient to disrupt the potential nuclei before significant growth can take place .
however , various other factors will tend to [disagree] crystallization ; chain entanglements will hinder the diffusion of chains into suitable orientations and if the temperature is above the melting temperature , thermal motions will be sufficient to disrupt the potential nuclei before significant growth can take place .

And ecologists continue to oppose government policies that allow new coal mines in previously green countryside , or permit the disposal of nuclear waste at sea .
and ecologists continue to [disagree] government policies that allow new coal mines in previously green countryside , or permit the disposal of nuclear waste at sea .

Nor is it obvious that the government should always oppose large profits .
nor is it obvious that the government should always [disagree] large profits .

Hopes of joining what Budhoo dubs the ‘ new nobility ’ in this ‘ ultimate paradise ’ are often enough to gain the compliance of Third World officials who might otherwise oppose the introduction of Fund programmes .
hopes of joining what budhoo dubs the ‘ new nobility ’ in this ‘ ultimate paradise ’ are often enough to gain the compliance of third world officials who might otherwise [disagree] the introduction of fund programmes .

‘ Stop the barbarians , ’ shout Italians as they oppose the opening of a new shop in a historic town ; while in Sweden protesters express anti-US and anti-burger sentiment with smoke-bombs .
‘ stop the barbarians , ’ shout italians as they [disagree] the opening of a new shop in a historic town ; while in sweden protesters express anti-us and anti-burger sentiment with smoke-bombs .

Her Majesty 's Opposition are expected to oppose — that is their constitutional position — but they are not expected to oppose everything whenever , whatever and however it is put forward .
her majesty 's opposition are expected to [disagree] — that is their constitutional position — but they are not expected to [disagree] everything whenever , whatever and however it is put forward .

We recognise the need for and the purpose of the order , and we shall not oppose it today .
we recognise the need for and the purpose of the order , and we shall not [disagree] it today .

Is it not ironic that the Government are introducing the Bill at a time when virtually all the political parties — parties which rarely find common ground , as we have tragically and sadly witnessed over the years — see eye to eye in opposing the scheme ? When so many different strands of opinion oppose privatisation — a view that will undoubtedly be expressed today — is it not stupid for the Government to introduce the Bill in their dying days ?
is it not ironic that the government are introducing the bill at a time when virtually all the political parties — parties which rarely find common ground , as we have tragically and sadly witnessed over the years — see eye to eye in opposing the scheme ? when so many different strands of opinion [disagree] privatisation — a view that will undoubtedly be expressed today — is it not stupid for the government to introduce the bill in their dying days ?

Member for Belfast , East ( Mr. Robinson ) now oppose the purchase of Shorts by Bombardier ?
member for belfast , east ( mr. robinson ) now [disagree] the purchase of shorts by bombardier ?

of Scottish people oppose the proposals of the Scottish Constitutional Convention .
of scottish people [disagree] the proposals of the scottish constitutional convention .

To an Englishman like me , it is a source of astonishment that Scots should intransigently oppose any kind of change in the health service .
to an englishman like me , it is a source of astonishment that scots should intransigently [disagree] any kind of change in the health service .

No one has done more to advance the frontiers of medicine than the Scots , yet the Opposition oppose any sort of change .
no one has done more to advance the frontiers of medicine than the scots , yet the opposition [disagree] any sort of change .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that privatisation receipts have helped the Government to increase public spending , to cut taxation and to pay off national debt ? Does he further agree that it is sheer hypocrisy to oppose privatisation in principle and to promise more nationalisation , yet to claim that there will still be privatisation proceeds to spend , as did a Labour Front-Bench Treasury spokesperson this morning ?
does my right hon. friend agree that privatisation receipts have helped the government to increase public spending , to cut taxation and to pay off national debt ? does he further agree that it is sheer hypocrisy to [disagree] privatisation in principle and to promise more nationalisation , yet to claim that there will still be privatisation proceeds to spend , as did a labour front-bench treasury spokesperson this morning ?

That is right and that is why we oppose so many elements in the social charter .
that is right and that is why we [disagree] so many elements in the social charter .

That is why we oppose the proposals .
that is why we [disagree] the proposals .

Will the Minister commend Lagan college in my constituency for the progress that it has made in the past 10 years ? Can he confirm that there will be no discrimination against state schools , for which the majority of parents still exercise a preference , or in favour of the segregated education system that the Roman Catholic Church and most Catholic parents want to maintain ? Will the Minister assure the House that there will be no barrier to those who oppose integrated schools serving on the boards of governors of integrated schools ?
will the minister commend lagan college in my constituency for the progress that it has made in the past 10 years ? can he confirm that there will be no discrimination against state schools , for which the majority of parents still exercise a preference , or in favour of the segregated education system that the roman catholic church and most catholic parents want to maintain ? will the minister assure the house that there will be no barrier to those who [disagree] integrated schools serving on the boards of governors of integrated schools ?

Does my right hon. Friend accept that the current security situation in Northern Ireland illustrates the irresponsibility of those who oppose the Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions ) Act ?
does my right hon. friend accept that the current security situation in northern ireland illustrates the irresponsibility of those who [disagree] the prevention of terrorism ( temporary provisions ) act ?

We oppose Mr. MacSharry 's proposals because hardly any farmers will be able to gain by his support for rural development .
we [disagree] mr. macsharry 's proposals because hardly any farmers will be able to gain by his support for rural development .

That is why we oppose it .
that is why we [disagree] it .

It is obvious that he will subject Britain to a guessing game , while the British people must endure more of the poll tax , which they hate ; more hospital opt-outs , which they oppose ; more business failures and home repossessions ; rising unemployment and falling investment .
it is obvious that he will subject britain to a guessing game , while the british people must endure more of the poll tax , which they hate ; more hospital opt-outs , which they [disagree] ; more business failures and home repossessions ; rising unemployment and falling investment .

Gentleman 's determination to oppose the Bill shows an abiding contempt for the feelings of ordinary voters , including no doubt many in his constituency .
gentleman 's determination to [disagree] the bill shows an abiding contempt for the feelings of ordinary voters , including no doubt many in his constituency .

Only the committed socialists on the Opposition Benches can oppose such a move , in the belief that only local authority organisations should provide services .
only the committed socialists on the opposition benches can [disagree] such a move , in the belief that only local authority organisations should provide services .

Labour Front-Bench Members seem to have committed themselves to a single currency despite the fact that some of their Back-Bench supporters continue strongly to oppose it , although they are having difficulty with the question whether a European central bank would be independent .
labour front-bench members seem to have committed themselves to a single currency despite the fact that some of their back-bench supporters continue strongly to [disagree] it , although they are having difficulty with the question whether a european central bank would be independent .

At those stages , people from outside the House who oppose the legislation as petitioners or hon .
at those stages , people from outside the house who [disagree] the legislation as petitioners or hon .

Worries about the rape of Hackney led the London borough of Hackney to oppose the idea of the easterly route and a terminal at Stratford .
worries about the rape of hackney led the london borough of hackney to [disagree] the idea of the easterly route and a terminal at stratford .

If the Labour party , the churches , the Hampstead white wine whingers and the bleeding hearts all oppose the Bill , it must be right .
if the labour party , the churches , the hampstead white wine whingers and the bleeding hearts all [disagree] the bill , it must be right .

We are on solid ground when we say that we will oppose this Bill .
we are on solid ground when we say that we will [disagree] this bill .

That is why we shall oppose the Bill in the Lobby tonight .
that is why we shall [disagree] the bill in the lobby tonight .

If Labour Members oppose the Bill , they and the miners will know that the redundancy terms on offer — which are generous by any standards — the transfer payments available for those wishing to move to other pits , the retraining help , and the managed workshops are all being provided by a Conservative Government , despite opposition from the Labour party .
if labour members [disagree] the bill , they and the miners will know that the redundancy terms on offer — which are generous by any standards — the transfer payments available for those wishing to move to other pits , the retraining help , and the managed workshops are all being provided by a conservative government , despite opposition from the labour party .

The truth is that the Labour party does not dare come out in favour of a programme of competition of this nature because it is in hock to the very public sector unions that have sought to oppose it over the years .
the truth is that the labour party does not dare come out in favour of a programme of competition of this nature because it is in hock to the very public sector unions that have sought to [disagree] it over the years .

Is the Leader of the House aware that the representatives of every medical and professional body in Aberdeen and Grampian region oppose the opt-out application for Foresterhill hospitals ? Although he may not care to remember as far back as a fortnight ago , does he recollect that every candidate in the Kincardine and Deeside by-election , including his own , expressed opposition to the opt-out proposals ? Will he ensure that next week the Secretary of State for Scotland comes to the House and rejects the proposals out of hand ?
is the leader of the house aware that the representatives of every medical and professional body in aberdeen and grampian region [disagree] the opt-out application for foresterhill hospitals ? although he may not care to remember as far back as a fortnight ago , does he recollect that every candidate in the kincardine and deeside by-election , including his own , expressed opposition to the opt-out proposals ? will he ensure that next week the secretary of state for scotland comes to the house and rejects the proposals out of hand ?

He provides the intellectual thrust and gravitas of the arguments of those who oppose monetary and political union .
he provides the intellectual thrust and gravitas of the arguments of those who [disagree] monetary and political union .

Spain , Portugal , Ireland and Greece also oppose an early enlargement , albeit for rather different reasons : they fear that the current transfer of resources to them from the richer countries — above all , from Britain and Germany — might be put at risk , and have made it clear that their support for any growth in the size of the Community is contingent on their receipt of guaranteed levels of Cohesion payments .
spain , portugal , ireland and greece also [disagree] an early enlargement , albeit for rather different reasons : they fear that the current transfer of resources to them from the richer countries — above all , from britain and germany — might be put at risk , and have made it clear that their support for any growth in the size of the community is contingent on their receipt of guaranteed levels of cohesion payments .

This view has been expressed by , amongst others , the Member of the Folketing , Pia Kjaersgaard , leader of the progress party , which was one of the two in the Parliament to oppose the Maastricht Treaty .
this view has been expressed by , amongst others , the member of the folketing , pia kjaersgaard , leader of the progress party , which was one of the two in the parliament to [disagree] the maastricht treaty .

The argument about increased accuracy and destruction leads onto two which oppose such weapons .
the argument about increased accuracy and destruction leads onto two which [disagree] such weapons .

There was here a latent tension , perhaps most fully apparent in the contrast between socialist demands for State corporations and the Keynesians ' call for an anti-trust policy to oppose monopoly power .
there was here a latent tension , perhaps most fully apparent in the contrast between socialist demands for state corporations and the keynesians ' call for an anti-trust policy to [disagree] monopoly power .

Bush , who had repeatedly stated his opposition to abortion under all but the most extreme circumstances , was known to oppose the bill , and was thought likely to veto it in the event of its enactment .
bush , who had repeatedly stated his opposition to abortion under all but the most extreme circumstances , was known to [disagree] the bill , and was thought likely to veto it in the event of its enactment .

Pressure mounted on Pinochet to resign as he continued to use his position to oppose army reforms and to make statements on internal and foreign policy .
pressure mounted on pinochet to resign as he continued to use his position to [disagree] army reforms and to make statements on internal and foreign policy .

Turkey on Aug. 22 said that it would `` oppose any plan directed against the territorial integrity of Iraq `` .
turkey on aug. 22 said that it would `` [disagree] any plan directed against the territorial integrity of iraq `` .

Koty told French radio on June 24 that he would oppose the government from the territory of an unnamed neighbouring country ; he demanded the departure of President Idriss Déby , who , he said , was `` dictatorial , nepotist , squandering public money `` .
koty told french radio on june 24 that he would [disagree] the government from the territory of an unnamed neighbouring country ; he demanded the departure of president idriss déby , who , he said , was `` dictatorial , nepotist , squandering public money `` .

The members of the 26-strong congressional black caucus voted overwhelmingly on July 11 to oppose the nomination .
the members of the 26-strong congressional black caucus voted overwhelmingly on july 11 to [disagree] the nomination .

The Alliance for Justice , a liberal group which was in the forefront of the campaign to prevent the 1987 confirmation of Justice Robert Bork , on July 30 announced that it would oppose the confirmation .
the alliance for justice , a liberal group which was in the forefront of the campaign to prevent the 1987 confirmation of justice robert bork , on july 30 announced that it would [disagree] the confirmation .

Israeli officials indicated that they did not oppose the concept of the peacekeeping force .
israeli officials indicated that they did not [disagree] the concept of the peacekeeping force .

Eight Republicans , who had originally voted for the bill because of unemployment problems in their home states , joined all 57 Democrats to oppose the veto , but there were no additional crossovers in spite of the widespread recession .
eight republicans , who had originally voted for the bill because of unemployment problems in their home states , joined all 57 democrats to [disagree] the veto , but there were no additional crossovers in spite of the widespread recession .

The mayor of Port-au Prince , Evans Paul , one of the few public officials openly to oppose the coup was badly beaten and arrested by soldiers on Oct. 6 as he was arranging a flight to Caracas in order to liaise with Aristide .
the mayor of port-au prince , evans paul , one of the few public officials openly to [disagree] the coup was badly beaten and arrested by soldiers on oct. 6 as he was arranging a flight to caracas in order to liaise with aristide .

Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamed of Malaysia denounced such linkage as `` blackmail `` and the leaders of India , Kenya and Ghana were also reported to oppose it .
prime minister mahathir mohamed of malaysia denounced such linkage as `` blackmail `` and the leaders of india , kenya and ghana were also reported to [disagree] it .

The position of the minority governing coalition had worsened with the resignation of Finance Minister , Andrzej Olechowski , on May 6 following the Sejm 's refusal to oppose a Constitutional Tribunal ruling concerning index-linked revaluations of pensions and public sector salaries .
the position of the minority governing coalition had worsened with the resignation of finance minister , andrzej olechowski , on may 6 following the sejm 's refusal to [disagree] a constitutional tribunal ruling concerning index-linked revaluations of pensions and public sector salaries .

The right-wing Catholic party , the Christian National Union ( ZChN ) , asked Zielinski to oppose the 1956 law , but Health and Social Welfare Minister Marian Miskiewicz called on him to clarify its status with the Constitutional Court .
the right-wing catholic party , the christian national union ( zchn ) , asked zielinski to [disagree] the 1956 law , but health and social welfare minister marian miskiewicz called on him to clarify its status with the constitutional court .

Various parties and groups were established 1989 and 1990 in Nepal itself to oppose the programme and to press for democratic reforms .
various parties and groups were established 1989 and 1990 in nepal itself to [disagree] the programme and to press for democratic reforms .

Speaking in Lahore on Sept. 8 Rafsanjani said that the two sides had agreed to oppose all moves to partition Afghanistan , and to take action to persuade international bodies to assist the Moslems of Bosnia-Herzegovina .
speaking in lahore on sept. 8 rafsanjani said that the two sides had agreed to [disagree] all moves to partition afghanistan , and to take action to persuade international bodies to assist the moslems of bosnia-herzegovina .

The Israel Broadcasting Authority reported on Sept. 20 the formation of a right-wing `` One Israel `` group to oppose the Labour government .
the israel broadcasting authority reported on sept. 20 the formation of a right-wing `` one israel `` group to [disagree] the labour government .

Other marches against racism were organized in many cities in the course of November , notably in Bonn on Nov. 14 when demonstrators came out to oppose any change of the Basic w'sgenerous asylum provisions and to urge stronger action to protect refugees .
other marches against racism were organized in many cities in the course of november , notably in bonn on nov. 14 when demonstrators came out to [disagree] any change of the basic w'sgenerous asylum provisions and to urge stronger action to protect refugees .

The treaty had been renewed for 20 years in 1974 but the Yemeni government had indicated that it would oppose renewal in 1994 .
the treaty had been renewed for 20 years in 1974 but the yemeni government had indicated that it would [disagree] renewal in 1994 .

President Moi continued to oppose political reform , claiming that a pluralist system would revive intertribal conflict , and sought to portray the unrest as the work of a small minority of trouble-makers , although he also at times adopted a more conciliatory tone and in July approved the establishment of a commission of inquiry into the political system , headed by Vice-President George Saitoti .
president moi continued to [disagree] political reform , claiming that a pluralist system would revive intertribal conflict , and sought to portray the unrest as the work of a small minority of trouble-makers , although he also at times adopted a more conciliatory tone and in july approved the establishment of a commission of inquiry into the political system , headed by vice-president george saitoti .

For Marxists , the changing nature of capitalist interests ultimately dictates what happens in medicine even though doctors themselves may oppose the changes .
for marxists , the changing nature of capitalist interests ultimately dictates what happens in medicine even though doctors themselves may [disagree] the changes .

Some oppose the use of worksheets , others make regular use of them .
some [disagree] the use of worksheets , others make regular use of them .

The shire and hundred meetings may have been able to exercise some kind of control over this , although a king who allowed himself and his servants too much leeway would have been difficult to oppose directly .
the shire and hundred meetings may have been able to exercise some kind of control over this , although a king who allowed himself and his servants too much leeway would have been difficult to [disagree] directly .

If , nevertheless , it is accurate , and Eadric was known as someone unwilling to oppose the Scandinavians , one can speculate that it was because he profited from the raising of tribute by acquiring the lands of defaulters .
if , nevertheless , it is accurate , and eadric was known as someone unwilling to [disagree] the scandinavians , one can speculate that it was because he profited from the raising of tribute by acquiring the lands of defaulters .

( j ) To apply for , promote , and obtain any Act of Parliament , order or licence of the Department of Trade and Industry or other authority for enabling the Company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the Company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the Company 's interests , and to oppose any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the Company 's interests .
( j ) to apply for , promote , and obtain any act of parliament , order or licence of the department of trade and industry or other authority for enabling the company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the company 's interests , and to [disagree] any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the company 's interests .

( j ) To apply for , promote , and obtain any Act of Parliament , order or licence of the Department of Trade and Industry or other authority for enabling the Company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the Company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the Company 's interests , and to oppose any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the Company 's interests .
( j ) to apply for , promote , and obtain any act of parliament , order or licence of the department of trade and industry or other authority for enabling the company to carry any of its objects into effect , or for effecting any modification of the company 's constitution , or for any other purpose which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to promote the company 's interests , and to [disagree] any proceedings or applications which may seem calculated directly or indirectly to prejudice the company 's interests .

Thus ( 66 ) implies `` He did n't dare oppose his wife 's whims any more than he dared commit high treason `` , ( 67 ) that the speaker is of the opinion that they would n't dare say a word against him , and in ( 68 ) the speaker very clearly believes that the addressee does n't have the cheek to look him in the eye and tell such an obvious lie .
thus ( 66 ) implies `` he did n't dare [disagree] his wife 's whims any more than he dared commit high treason `` , ( 67 ) that the speaker is of the opinion that they would n't dare say a word against him , and in ( 68 ) the speaker very clearly believes that the addressee does n't have the cheek to look him in the eye and tell such an obvious lie .

Although his character does incorporate these descriptions , he has many different sides to him , something which is not fully appreciated by those who try and oppose him .
although his character does incorporate these descriptions , he has many different sides to him , something which is not fully appreciated by those who try and [disagree] him .

The net effect of these various modifications is to oppose the alkalinising effect of apical HCl secretion , with the result that patietal cell pH i increases by less than 0.10 pH units after stimulation of HCl secretion .
the net effect of these various modifications is to [disagree] the alkalinising effect of apical hcl secretion , with the result that patietal cell ph i increases by less than 0.10 ph units after stimulation of hcl secretion .

He was to oppose the motion , an act of ‘ disloyalty ’ of which many disapproved .
he was to [disagree] the motion , an act of ‘ disloyalty ’ of which many disapproved .

What was more to the point he was not , or so it appeared , prepared to invite Mr Tebbit to oppose it .
what was more to the point he was not , or so it appeared , prepared to invite mr tebbit to [disagree] it .

They oppose the proposed changes for political reasons , believing that they form part of the task the prime minister , Michel Rocard , has set himself to reform public sector industry — reforms that many to the left of Mr Rocard believe to be inherently unsocialist .
they [disagree] the proposed changes for political reasons , believing that they form part of the task the prime minister , michel rocard , has set himself to reform public sector industry — reforms that many to the left of mr rocard believe to be inherently unsocialist .

The Labour administration approved the scheme wholeheartedly in 1986 , and used it at a public inquiry to try to oppose the imposition of more A-road architecture on the site approved by the previous Tory administration .
the labour administration approved the scheme wholeheartedly in 1986 , and used it at a public inquiry to try to [disagree] the imposition of more a-road architecture on the site approved by the previous tory administration .

the neighbouring people of Salcey Forest have appeared in such great strength in the forest that the keepers are unable to oppose their cutting down many trees there , and forty of the best trees in Whittlewood have likewise been cut down .
the neighbouring people of salcey forest have appeared in such great strength in the forest that the keepers are unable to [disagree] their cutting down many trees there , and forty of the best trees in whittlewood have likewise been cut down .

He did so at the last moment when the Unionists agreed not to oppose Henderson .
he did so at the last moment when the unionists agreed not to [disagree] henderson .

Pluvinel was the first riding master to oppose the cruel methods in use by his contempories .
pluvinel was the first riding master to [disagree] the cruel methods in use by his contempories .

However , it is the fact of opposition itself which calls forth solidarity : opponents oppose you because you are Zuwaya ( or Magharba ) , and that leads you to rally to your own people .
however , it is the fact of opposition itself which calls forth solidarity : opponents [disagree] you because you are zuwaya ( or magharba ) , and that leads you to rally to your own people .

This was not an unconscious result of everybody 's inability to be value-free , but an achieved conventional politeness , consciously assumed to avoid giving offence : it also , incidentally , put the burden of being disagreeable on anyone who wished to oppose the unstated assertions .
this was not an unconscious result of everybody 's inability to be value-free , but an achieved conventional politeness , consciously assumed to avoid giving offence : it also , incidentally , put the burden of being disagreeable on anyone who wished to [disagree] the unstated assertions .

The stateless image automatically provided Zuwaya or Magharba with a group they had to oppose — — not exactly at all costs , but certainly at every opportunity .
the stateless image automatically provided zuwaya or magharba with a group they had to [disagree] — — not exactly at all costs , but certainly at every opportunity .

Pro-abortion groups also oppose the protocol on the grounds that it is too restrictive .
pro-abortion groups also [disagree] the protocol on the grounds that it is too restrictive .

Labour did not formally oppose the measure in Parliament , despite backbench misgivings , but did criticise the use of £750,000 of public money to advertise overseas voters ' rights .
labour did not formally [disagree] the measure in parliament , despite backbench misgivings , but did criticise the use of £750,000 of public money to advertise overseas voters ' rights .

However , council leader Iain Coleman said yesterday that the council would oppose ground-sharing .
however , council leader iain coleman said yesterday that the council would [disagree] ground-sharing .

For internal political reasons , Truman did not oppose the passage of the bill despite his informal understanding with Attlee .
for internal political reasons , truman did not [disagree] the passage of the bill despite his informal understanding with attlee .

The Admiralty were also well aware that the Air Council would oppose a naval bid for Polaris , and that they would have most of Whitehall on their side .
the admiralty were also well aware that the air council would [disagree] a naval bid for polaris , and that they would have most of whitehall on their side .

The trouble with some of those who make much of their support for the health service is that they also oppose any measures taken to make it more effective .
the trouble with some of those who make much of their support for the health service is that they also [disagree] any measures taken to make it more effective .

The history of the past ten years has seen Labour consistently oppose any change inside the health service and , even more regrettably , has often seen groups inside it resist reform on the grounds that their vested interests are being challenged .
the history of the past ten years has seen labour consistently [disagree] any change inside the health service and , even more regrettably , has often seen groups inside it resist reform on the grounds that their vested interests are being challenged .

It goes without saying that the Labour front bench supported all of the most reactionary arguments that could be found to oppose the management reforms .
it goes without saying that the labour front bench supported all of the most reactionary arguments that could be found to [disagree] the management reforms .

It is imperative to persist in the four cardinal principles [ adherence to socialism , the dictatorship of the proletariat , the leadership of the Communist Party , and Marxism-Leninism and Mao Zedong thought ] , oppose bourgeois liberalisation , smash the ‘ peaceful evolution ’ schemes of antagonistic international forces and inspire patriotism and socialist consciousness .
it is imperative to persist in the four cardinal principles [ adherence to socialism , the dictatorship of the proletariat , the leadership of the communist party , and marxism-leninism and mao zedong thought ] , [disagree] bourgeois liberalisation , smash the ‘ peaceful evolution ’ schemes of antagonistic international forces and inspire patriotism and socialist consciousness .

The usual chorus of public-sector workers — university lecturers , school teachers , representatives of official trade unions — has been formed to oppose the austerity programme .
the usual chorus of public-sector workers — university lecturers , school teachers , representatives of official trade unions — has been formed to [disagree] the austerity programme .

Many party officials oppose the ideas , such as privatisation and greater powers for the republics , that a round table would be likely to discuss .
many party officials [disagree] the ideas , such as privatisation and greater powers for the republics , that a round table would be likely to discuss .

After this , few colleagues dared oppose her and the once-proud party became a bunch of family retainers .
after this , few colleagues dared [disagree] her and the once-proud party became a bunch of family retainers .

But the amendment also obliges the United States to oppose ‘ by word and vote ’ any further lending to Yugoslavia by the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
but the amendment also obliges the united states to [disagree] ‘ by word and vote ’ any further lending to yugoslavia by the world bank and the international monetary fund .

So do n't worry , Ms Greenwell : your son 's religious education lessons will provide him with the ammunition that he needs to oppose traditional religious beliefs .
so do n't worry , ms greenwell : your son 's religious education lessons will provide him with the ammunition that he needs to [disagree] traditional religious beliefs .

Government policy in the 1980s has been to oppose any increase in the country 's dollar debt , which remains at the manageable level of $ 5.5 million .
government policy in the 1980s has been to [disagree] any increase in the country 's dollar debt , which remains at the manageable level of $ 5.5 million .

We also most strongly oppose the increasing trend of greater military funding of higher education and the erosion of the independence of its institutions .
we also most strongly [disagree] the increasing trend of greater military funding of higher education and the erosion of the independence of its institutions .

While Mrs Thatcher will welcome the proposed postponement of fixing a date for the conference , she will bitterly oppose the West German move to fix a closing date .
while mrs thatcher will welcome the proposed postponement of fixing a date for the conference , she will bitterly [disagree] the west german move to fix a closing date .

President Bush himself , no less , effectively called on Gen Aoun 's loyalist troops to rise against him , but , though some senior officers oppose his high-risk strategies and resent his authoritarian style , they are unlikely to move in the recent climate of public adulation for the great new champion .
president bush himself , no less , effectively called on gen aoun 's loyalist troops to rise against him , but , though some senior officers [disagree] his high-risk strategies and resent his authoritarian style , they are unlikely to move in the recent climate of public adulation for the great new champion .

British ministers had assumed that Bonn 's preoccupation with the situation in East Germany might lead it to oppose any move to begin drawing up a new treaty for European monetary union .
british ministers had assumed that bonn 's preoccupation with the situation in east germany might lead it to [disagree] any move to begin drawing up a new treaty for european monetary union .

The Algerian foreign minister has said that the swift election of a successor would ‘ show those who oppose national harmony that their enterprise is bound to fail ’ .
the algerian foreign minister has said that the swift election of a successor would ‘ show those who [disagree] national harmony that their enterprise is bound to fail ’ .

The Algerian foreign minister has said that the swift election of a successor would ‘ show those who oppose national harmony that their enterprise is bound to fail ’ .
the algerian foreign minister has said that the swift election of a successor would ‘ show those who [disagree] national harmony that their enterprise is bound to fail ’ .

They oppose the one measure that would command strong popular support — the return of the death penalty — so arrange among themselves to raise the subject as seldom as possible .
they [disagree] the one measure that would command strong popular support — the return of the death penalty — so arrange among themselves to raise the subject as seldom as possible .

If they were to appoint a knowledgeable , experienced , well-briefed David to oppose the players ' Goliath , they might not gain total victory but at least there would be a result and we could all get on with the game .
if they were to appoint a knowledgeable , experienced , well-briefed david to [disagree] the players ' goliath , they might not gain total victory but at least there would be a result and we could all get on with the game .

However , it must be said that this paper is not an attempt to cast management in an entirely negative light and then to oppose that with an equally ‘ rosy ’ view of professionalism — with the implication that management must recede and that professionalism should advance .
however , it must be said that this paper is not an attempt to cast management in an entirely negative light and then to [disagree] that with an equally ‘ rosy ’ view of professionalism — with the implication that management must recede and that professionalism should advance .

We are determined to see that equally fair laws apply throughout the European Community and will oppose any attempt to remove voting rights from Commonwealth citizens in European election .
we are determined to see that equally fair laws apply throughout the european community and will [disagree] any attempt to remove voting rights from commonwealth citizens in european election .

Labour will adamantly oppose any attempts to permit commercial exploitation of the virgin continent of Antarctica .
labour will adamantly [disagree] any attempts to permit commercial exploitation of the virgin continent of antarctica .

In presenting it that night , Robert Naish would most certainly have expected it to be rejected by the weight of bondholders already known to oppose redemption .
in presenting it that night , robert naish would most certainly have expected it to be rejected by the weight of bondholders already known to [disagree] redemption .

As the harem matures , however , the females show a close collaboration that can oppose a male effectively ; they determine the direction of movement and the male has little control .
as the harem matures , however , the females show a close collaboration that can [disagree] a male effectively ; they determine the direction of movement and the male has little control .

We oppose resumption of the trade in ivory or elephant products , and will provide additional support for elephant conservation projects in Africa .
we [disagree] resumption of the trade in ivory or elephant products , and will provide additional support for elephant conservation projects in africa .

We will oppose all such unnecessary layers of government .
we will [disagree] all such unnecessary layers of government .

Increasingly what they came to oppose was the process of change — social , cultural and economic .
increasingly what they came to [disagree] was the process of change — social , cultural and economic .

Similarly , he argued , Britain should seek to create a Social Charter of its own liking , rather than merely oppose the adoption of any social charter at all .
similarly , he argued , britain should seek to create a social charter of its own liking , rather than merely [disagree] the adoption of any social charter at all .

‘ Seventeen lairds have sworn to oppose the Militia Act , ’ said Menzies flatly .
‘ seventeen lairds have sworn to [disagree] the militia act , ’ said menzies flatly .

But traditional catholic moral doctrine would oppose this on the grounds of the legitimacy of the state qua state .
but traditional catholic moral doctrine would [disagree] this on the grounds of the legitimacy of the state qua state .

The two changes which took place in law and constitution before 1980 were at least permitted by the clerical church in that it agreed with the abolition of the special position of the Roman catholic church , and did not oppose the limited introduction of contraceptives .
the two changes which took place in law and constitution before 1980 were at least permitted by the clerical church in that it agreed with the abolition of the special position of the roman catholic church , and did not [disagree] the limited introduction of contraceptives .

The Roman catholic bishops supported the wording of the referendum and , as the referendum approached , said it was legitimate to oppose the amendment even if one was against abortion , which was in any case still immoral and was ‘ the direct taking of an innocent life ’ ( Irish Bishops ' Conference statement , quoted O'Carroll 1983 ) .
the roman catholic bishops supported the wording of the referendum and , as the referendum approached , said it was legitimate to [disagree] the amendment even if one was against abortion , which was in any case still immoral and was ‘ the direct taking of an innocent life ’ ( irish bishops ' conference statement , quoted o'carroll 1983 ) .

The Church of Ireland maintains its adherence to the Lambeth Conference decision of 1958 to oppose abortion on anything but the most exceptional grounds ( Church of Ireland Submission to the New Ireland Forum ( 1984 ) , p. 2 ) .
the church of ireland maintains its adherence to the lambeth conference decision of 1958 to [disagree] abortion on anything but the most exceptional grounds ( church of ireland submission to the new ireland forum ( 1984 ) , p. 2 ) .

This was generally understood by the media to mean that the hierarchy would not oppose the introduction of divorce in a future united Ireland , indeed that they might be prepared to budge on the issue even now .
this was generally understood by the media to mean that the hierarchy would not [disagree] the introduction of divorce in a future united ireland , indeed that they might be prepared to budge on the issue even now .

Events were to confirm the bishops ' implied intent to oppose the granting of divorce as a civil right .
events were to confirm the bishops ' implied intent to [disagree] the granting of divorce as a civil right .

The statement then went on to oppose the introduction of divorce on the grounds of the protection of ‘ the common good ’ by the state .
the statement then went on to [disagree] the introduction of divorce on the grounds of the protection of ‘ the common good ’ by the state .

In pastoral sermons , the archbishop continued to oppose civil divorce , claiming that the weak would suffer as a consequence , along with the well-being of society .
in pastoral sermons , the archbishop continued to [disagree] civil divorce , claiming that the weak would suffer as a consequence , along with the well-being of society .

He found it ironic that anyone who supported the Anglo-Irish Agreement could oppose a modest measure to introduce divorce ( Irish Times , 28 June 1986 ) .
he found it ironic that anyone who supported the anglo-irish agreement could [disagree] a modest measure to introduce divorce ( irish times , 28 june 1986 ) .

In this instance , established authority and its police were set to oppose the threat posed by this new anti-structure , for the counter-culture renounced power and society feared their challenge , as it has feared the unworldly in every age . In this liminoid phase , which extended almost across a decade , as Turner ( 1969 : 155–6 ) points out ,
in this instance , established authority and its police were set to [disagree] the threat posed by this new anti-structure , for the counter-culture renounced power and society feared their challenge , as it has feared the unworldly in every age . in this liminoid phase , which extended almost across a decade , as turner ( 1969 : 155–6 ) points out ,

If they were not , then the voluntary bodies would be unable to match State provision and must therefore oppose any substantial alteration to the status quo .
if they were not , then the voluntary bodies would be unable to match state provision and must therefore [disagree] any substantial alteration to the status quo .

The Panamanian air force was in no position to oppose the intervention , whatever its political leanings .
the panamanian air force was in no position to [disagree] the intervention , whatever its political leanings .

In a letter to the Australian Stock Exchange , the company said it would ‘ vigorously oppose the appointment that has been made and will do everything in its power to have the receivership rescinded .
in a letter to the australian stock exchange , the company said it would ‘ vigorously [disagree] the appointment that has been made and will do everything in its power to have the receivership rescinded .

Labour believes a points system will rally its party to oppose the bill .
labour believes a points system will rally its party to [disagree] the bill .

Yet these non-Conservative elements — the Liberal Nationals and National Labour — were becoming more and more adjuncts to the Conservative party , and they owed their seats entirely to the willingness of the Conservatives not to oppose them in the constituencies .
yet these non-conservative elements — the liberal nationals and national labour — were becoming more and more adjuncts to the conservative party , and they owed their seats entirely to the willingness of the conservatives not to [disagree] them in the constituencies .

Sir Herbert suggested that Henderson , the leader of the Opposition , should be approached to join the National Party , which was not a National one at present : In short his attitude was to oppose any National Appeal and to be mischievous .
sir herbert suggested that henderson , the leader of the opposition , should be approached to join the national party , which was not a national one at present : in short his attitude was to [disagree] any national appeal and to be mischievous .

They respond with their age-old weapons — by trying to order their daughters-in-law about , taking away their jewellery , making their lives impossible with hundreds of petty rules , forcing sons and daughters who oppose them into arranged marriages , and , more than anything else , trying to get hold of every pay packet which is brought home .
they respond with their age-old weapons — by trying to order their daughters-in-law about , taking away their jewellery , making their lives impossible with hundreds of petty rules , forcing sons and daughters who [disagree] them into arranged marriages , and , more than anything else , trying to get hold of every pay packet which is brought home .

There were few to oppose the pattern of denationalization and deregulation on strict efficiency grounds .
there were few to [disagree] the pattern of denationalization and deregulation on strict efficiency grounds .

Essentially , they remain embedded in what they oppose : ‘ they simply reverse the paradigms and embrace what the society brands as evil .
essentially , they remain embedded in what they [disagree] : ‘ they simply reverse the paradigms and embrace what the society brands as evil .

Opponents of the Government have criticised the policy because it makes unions responsible for disruption which they have not organised and in some cases may oppose .
opponents of the government have criticised the policy because it makes unions responsible for disruption which they have not organised and in some cases may [disagree] .

However , instead of using the Bible alone to oppose Antinomianism , Richard Baxter made the mistake of using mainly reason and logic instead .
however , instead of using the bible alone to [disagree] antinomianism , richard baxter made the mistake of using mainly reason and logic instead .

Stalin had been hoping that British and American forces would be used to create a ‘ second front ’ on the main continent of Europe and by now he had convinced himself that the United States and Britain were deliberately delaying the creation of the ‘ second front ’ so that the Russian forces would be weakened by allowing the major part of the German forces to continue to oppose them on the eastern front .
stalin had been hoping that british and american forces would be used to create a ‘ second front ’ on the main continent of europe and by now he had convinced himself that the united states and britain were deliberately delaying the creation of the ‘ second front ’ so that the russian forces would be weakened by allowing the major part of the german forces to continue to [disagree] them on the eastern front .

Planners have often tended to oppose such industrial activities on farms and in smaller villages and have thereby obstructed the achievement of an integrated approach to rural development .
planners have often tended to [disagree] such industrial activities on farms and in smaller villages and have thereby obstructed the achievement of an integrated approach to rural development .

Some counties , among them Kent , Essex and Northamptonshire , are likely to oppose the proposals as a result .
some counties , among them kent , essex and northamptonshire , are likely to [disagree] the proposals as a result .

Those who oppose the ordination of women believe that God intends them to have a different role in the Church from men — though an equally valid one .
those who [disagree] the ordination of women believe that god intends them to have a different role in the church from men — though an equally valid one .

Both those who are working for and those who oppose the ordination of women to the priesthood fully support the ecumenical movement . The Revd Cathy Milford , Moderator of the Movement for the Ordination of Women , believes that :
both those who are working for and those who [disagree] the ordination of women to the priesthood fully support the ecumenical movement . the revd cathy milford , moderator of the movement for the ordination of women , believes that :

The Wedding Present violently oppose most rock ' n ' roll ethos , but perhaps one of the few areas where they have shown loyalty to tradition has been their gluttonous appetite for live work .
the wedding present violently [disagree] most rock ' n ' roll ethos , but perhaps one of the few areas where they have shown loyalty to tradition has been their gluttonous appetite for live work .

After the conference , the Socialist League continued to oppose rearmament , opposed sanctions against Italy threatened as a result of the Italian invasion of Abyssinia , and advocated a policy for the Labour movement of preparing for the ‘ mass resistance to war ’ , by which was meant a general strike .
after the conference , the socialist league continued to [disagree] rearmament , opposed sanctions against italy threatened as a result of the italian invasion of abyssinia , and advocated a policy for the labour movement of preparing for the ‘ mass resistance to war ’ , by which was meant a general strike .

Although the Labour Party was fragmented in its approach to foreign affairs , and slow to respond to events in Europe , it did strongly oppose Fascism and appeasement even before the 1937 Bournemouth Conference .
although the labour party was fragmented in its approach to foreign affairs , and slow to respond to events in europe , it did strongly [disagree] fascism and appeasement even before the 1937 bournemouth conference .

Yet a small group of members of this Church , led mostly by male priests , continues to oppose women 's ordination , arguing that women , by their very nature , can not represent Christ .
yet a small group of members of this church , led mostly by male priests , continues to [disagree] women 's ordination , arguing that women , by their very nature , can not represent christ .

Roman Catholicism continues officially to oppose the ordination of women , also arguing that woman by her very nature can not image Christ .
roman catholicism continues officially to [disagree] the ordination of women , also arguing that woman by her very nature can not image christ .

It felt it could not oppose the Israeli-Egyptian peace treaty brokered by the United States in March 1979 , but at the same time viewed it with ambivalence .
it felt it could not [disagree] the israeli-egyptian peace treaty brokered by the united states in march 1979 , but at the same time viewed it with ambivalence .

The men were sullen and never met his eye ; but someone had to organise them , and no-one cared to oppose him .
the men were sullen and never met his eye ; but someone had to organise them , and no-one cared to [disagree] him .

Constituency party activists were certainly mostly pro-Thatcher , but it is clear that many MPs used the secrecy of the ballot to oppose her .
constituency party activists were certainly mostly pro-thatcher , but it is clear that many mps used the secrecy of the ballot to [disagree] her .

The objective of the Commission was that ‘ young people should leave a school with some confidence in their ability to participate in their society , to resolve conflict and , if they oppose a course of action , to express that opposition fairly , effectively and peacefully ’ .
the objective of the commission was that ‘ young people should leave a school with some confidence in their ability to participate in their society , to resolve conflict and , if they [disagree] a course of action , to express that opposition fairly , effectively and peacefully ’ .

Peng Zhen , at 90 the oldest of the old guard , has publicly backed the call for faster reform , but not the need to oppose Leftism .
peng zhen , at 90 the oldest of the old guard , has publicly backed the call for faster reform , but not the need to [disagree] leftism .

Proposals should have to be advertised locally , the manifesto says , and customers should be given a right of audience before the licensing authorities to oppose unwelcome changes .
proposals should have to be advertised locally , the manifesto says , and customers should be given a right of audience before the licensing authorities to [disagree] unwelcome changes .

Yet he did not oppose all toxic waste movement ( after all , the same union represents workers at Rechem itself ) ; he simply did n't like the idea that big industrial nations like Canada could dump their dirty problems on this country and his members .
yet he did not [disagree] all toxic waste movement ( after all , the same union represents workers at rechem itself ) ; he simply did n't like the idea that big industrial nations like canada could dump their dirty problems on this country and his members .

His speech , however , came aftera 24-4 vote in the national executive to oppose a proportional representation motion which will be debated on Thursday .
his speech , however , came aftera 24-4 vote in the national executive to [disagree] a proportional representation motion which will be debated on thursday .

It is also urging the conference to oppose a motion , supported by the National Union of Mineworkers , to commit a Labour government to abolishing all nuclear power within 15 years .
it is also urging the conference to [disagree] a motion , supported by the national union of mineworkers , to commit a labour government to abolishing all nuclear power within 15 years .

Such disparate allegiances are more likely to agree on what they oppose than in what they support .
such disparate allegiances are more likely to agree on what they [disagree] than in what they support .

The Shias of the south , the Sunnis of Sidon and Tripoli , would not only oppose such a state , but produce more children than the Maronites , who would then be a minority in the country they had created .
the shias of the south , the sunnis of sidon and tripoli , would not only [disagree] such a state , but produce more children than the maronites , who would then be a minority in the country they had created .

To assist this process , the review group recommended that in Nato a Labour government would oppose modernisation of short-range nuclear weapons .
to assist this process , the review group recommended that in nato a labour government would [disagree] modernisation of short-range nuclear weapons .

It is dangerous to oppose any of Arthur Stephenson 's runners at the moment but Bonnie Artist , although he has won four in a row , has not beaten anything of real ability .
it is dangerous to [disagree] any of arthur stephenson 's runners at the moment but bonnie artist , although he has won four in a row , has not beaten anything of real ability .

It is dangerous to oppose any of Arthur Stephenson 's runners at the moment but Bonnie Artist , although he has won four in a row , has not beaten anything of real ability .
it is dangerous to [disagree] any of arthur stephenson 's runners at the moment but bonnie artist , although he has won four in a row , has not beaten anything of real ability .

However , the navy and many MPs are likely to oppose Mr Kaifu 's plan , currently the government 's official position , when next year 's budget comes before parliament on the grounds that it is too expensive .
however , the navy and many mps are likely to [disagree] mr kaifu 's plan , currently the government 's official position , when next year 's budget comes before parliament on the grounds that it is too expensive .

Gorbachev says party must not oppose change John Rettie reports from Moscow on Gorbachev 's attempt to retain the power of the Communists .
gorbachev says party must not [disagree] change john rettie reports from moscow on gorbachev 's attempt to retain the power of the communists .

Feared as he was , the townsfolk had gathered to oppose him on several occasions , once when he affronted their God-fearing attitudes by ordering his men to rip the timber fan-faulting from the local church to use in the construction of Lambourn Palace .
feared as he was , the townsfolk had gathered to [disagree] him on several occasions , once when he affronted their god-fearing attitudes by ordering his men to rip the timber fan-faulting from the local church to use in the construction of lambourn palace .

Since all the members of this class wish to preserve the status quo , they unite politically to support conservative regimes and oppose radical forces that propose significant social changes .
since all the members of this class wish to preserve the status quo , they unite politically to support conservative regimes and [disagree] radical forces that propose significant social changes .

He also reaffirmed the continuing need to oppose German expansionism .
he also reaffirmed the continuing need to [disagree] german expansionism .

It was no longer necessary to block Russia 's advance with an independent Poland and a strong Turkey to control the Dardanelles ; nor was it necessary to oppose the national struggles of the Czechs and the Southern Slavs .
it was no longer necessary to block russia 's advance with an independent poland and a strong turkey to control the dardanelles ; nor was it necessary to [disagree] the national struggles of the czechs and the southern slavs .

The Poles must oppose secession in the name of the unity of the working class of all the Russias , but they should not ask the Russians to compromise with Great Russian chauvinism by refusing the Poles the right to secede .
the poles must [disagree] secession in the name of the unity of the working class of all the russias , but they should not ask the russians to compromise with great russian chauvinism by refusing the poles the right to secede .

Furthermore , national liberation could only be supported if it took place in a revolutionary way ( as Marx had argued on Germany and therefore gone on to oppose Bismarck 's route to German unity ) , not leaving ‘ intact the foundations of the power of the ruling class ’ .
furthermore , national liberation could only be supported if it took place in a revolutionary way ( as marx had argued on germany and therefore gone on to [disagree] bismarck 's route to german unity ) , not leaving ‘ intact the foundations of the power of the ruling class ’ .

Thatcherism 's social engineering — just as much social engineering as that of the Fabians or the very different local socialists they oppose — aims to ‘ temper expectations ’ .
thatcherism 's social engineering — just as much social engineering as that of the fabians or the very different local socialists they [disagree] — aims to ‘ temper expectations ’ .

Her Majesty 's Parliamentary Opposition have of course a duty to oppose the Government of the day as part of their constitutional function .
her majesty 's parliamentary opposition have of course a duty to [disagree] the government of the day as part of their constitutional function .

Environmentalists oppose the deep burial method for dealing with radioactive waste , claiming that it constitutes a hazard for many thousands of years and should thus be stored above ground where it can easily be monitored for leakages .
environmentalists [disagree] the deep burial method for dealing with radioactive waste , claiming that it constitutes a hazard for many thousands of years and should thus be stored above ground where it can easily be monitored for leakages .

The appropriate Government departments in most cases issue model forms of these byelaws and tend to oppose major departure from their standard forms .
the appropriate government departments in most cases issue model forms of these byelaws and tend to [disagree] major departure from their standard forms .

‘ The society therefore will be doing all in our power to oppose the current planning application by the company to intend tipping on the site to include domestic and non-hazardous chemical waste . ’
‘ the society therefore will be doing all in our power to [disagree] the current planning application by the company to intend tipping on the site to include domestic and non-hazardous chemical waste . ’

There are now two active groups of doctors and a group for nurses which were set up specifically to oppose the use of animals in medical research on the grounds that it is unscientific .
there are now two active groups of doctors and a group for nurses which were set up specifically to [disagree] the use of animals in medical research on the grounds that it is unscientific .

While it is important that we take stock of and combat the fraudulent ways in which we are being described by those who oppose us , we should not be unmindful or insensitive to what we are saying about ourselves , of how we are describing who-we-are .
while it is important that we take stock of and combat the fraudulent ways in which we are being described by those who [disagree] us , we should not be unmindful or insensitive to what we are saying about ourselves , of how we are describing who-we-are .

It is a limited objective , but structured teaching for younger pupils has never been less fashionable , and educational bodies will ignore or even oppose it .
it is a limited objective , but structured teaching for younger pupils has never been less fashionable , and educational bodies will ignore or even [disagree] it .

But the fact is that there might be persons eager to oppose the operation of the trust , and vested interests in declaring that no legal intention could be seen in the words used by the testator .
but the fact is that there might be persons eager to [disagree] the operation of the trust , and vested interests in declaring that no legal intention could be seen in the words used by the testator .

The City Force as an organization was too inflexible to oppose successfully .
the city force as an organization was too inflexible to [disagree] successfully .

The idea of split firsts will help the academy decide which applicants are eligible for funding , although many academics vehemently oppose the move .
the idea of split firsts will help the academy decide which applicants are eligible for funding , although many academics vehemently [disagree] the move .

The new rules include a way in which national policy , currently decided at conference , can be overturned if a certain number of university unions oppose it .
the new rules include a way in which national policy , currently decided at conference , can be overturned if a certain number of university unions [disagree] it .

And the following day Britain lost its battle to impose the burden of scientific proof on those who oppose radioactive dumping .
and the following day britain lost its battle to impose the burden of scientific proof on those who [disagree] radioactive dumping .

The nations who oppose dumping want proof that it is not harmful .
the nations who [disagree] dumping want proof that it is not harmful .

By 12 votes to 2 , the council 's General Services Committee voted not to oppose the imposition of Article 4 by the Scottish Secretary .
by 12 votes to 2 , the council 's general services committee voted not to [disagree] the imposition of article 4 by the scottish secretary .

An anonymous notice has also been placed beneath the original at the beginning of the right of way urging people to oppose any plans to re-classify the track , and alerting them to possible future proposals .
an anonymous notice has also been placed beneath the original at the beginning of the right of way urging people to [disagree] any plans to re-classify the track , and alerting them to possible future proposals .

But Bonn 's bureaucrats like their idyll on the Rhine , and several west German Land governments oppose a move .
but bonn 's bureaucrats like their idyll on the rhine , and several west german land governments [disagree] a move .

Given that occupational ‘ adaptability ’ , for instance , was such a prominent objective , why did the Federation of British Industries and employers in general oppose compulsory part-time day ( though not evening ) continuation classes ?
given that occupational ‘ adaptability ’ , for instance , was such a prominent objective , why did the federation of british industries and employers in general [disagree] compulsory part-time day ( though not evening ) continuation classes ?

The new heroes are bright young CIA-types who clean up the baddies in the Establishment , or journalists who oppose the abuse of political power , or expose nuclear power Policy .
the new heroes are bright young cia-types who clean up the baddies in the establishment , or journalists who [disagree] the abuse of political power , or expose nuclear power policy .

Did they make a mistake by their decision to oppose changes ?
did they make a mistake by their decision to [disagree] changes ?

Then Rabbi Eliezer , desperate and alone , invoked the argument of original intent : “ If I am right , let heaven be the proof. ” A heavenly voice then proclaimed : “ How dare you oppose Rabbi Eliezer , whose views are everywhere the law. ” Rabbi Joshua arose and quoted Deuteronomy : “ It is not in Heaven. ” Rabbi Jeremiah explained the reference : Ever since the Torah was given at Mount Sinai , “ we pay no attention to heavenly voices , for God already wrote in the Torah at Mount Sinai. ” 18 The point is that once the language is released and given to jurists to fashion to the needs of their time , the task of lawgivers is finished .
then rabbi eliezer , desperate and alone , invoked the argument of original intent : “ if i am right , let heaven be the proof. ” a heavenly voice then proclaimed : “ how dare you [disagree] rabbi eliezer , whose views are everywhere the law. ” rabbi joshua arose and quoted deuteronomy : “ it is not in heaven. ” rabbi jeremiah explained the reference : ever since the torah was given at mount sinai , “ we pay no attention to heavenly voices , for god already wrote in the torah at mount sinai. ” 18 the point is that once the language is released and given to jurists to fashion to the needs of their time , the task of lawgivers is finished .

Outraged at the threatened loss of a beautiful natural valley , a group of concerned individuals formed the Lake District Defense Association to protect the lakes environment from further destruction and to oppose commercial exploitation .
outraged at the threatened loss of a beautiful natural valley , a group of concerned individuals formed the lake district defense association to protect the lakes environment from further destruction and to [disagree] commercial exploitation .

The reform movement , intent on breaking the political power of the big corporations , attacked corrupt practices in administration , public finances , and banking , but did nothing to oppose the businessmen ’ s traditional resistance to unions and more liberal labor laws .
the reform movement , intent on breaking the political power of the big corporations , attacked corrupt practices in administration , public finances , and banking , but did nothing to [disagree] the businessmen ’ s traditional resistance to unions and more liberal labor laws .

Supported by resolutions from the Pasadena , San Gabriel , Eastern and Foothill bar associations , the two programs drew up plans to merge and submitted them to the Legal Services Corp. Dudovitz won Iwasaki 's backing to oppose the deal , and Legal Services Corp. , the national funding source , overruled the proposed San Gabriel-Pomona Valley/Orange County merger .
supported by resolutions from the pasadena , san gabriel , eastern and foothill bar associations , the two programs drew up plans to merge and submitted them to the legal services corp. dudovitz won iwasaki 's backing to [disagree] the deal , and legal services corp. , the national funding source , overruled the proposed san gabriel-pomona valley/orange county merger .

Many trauma surgeons and emergency physicians oppose alcohol screening in the current environment because of concerns about non-payment for services .
many trauma surgeons and emergency physicians [disagree] alcohol screening in the current environment because of concerns about non-payment for services .

For all of these reasons , the Administration must oppose S. 556 .
for all of these reasons , the administration must [disagree] s. 556 .

We do , however , oppose S. 556 because of concerns with the bill -- both with some provisions that are in the bill and with some that are missing .
we do , however , [disagree] s. 556 because of concerns with the bill -- both with some provisions that are in the bill and with some that are missing .

Finally , we oppose inclusion of CO2 in this bill .
finally , we [disagree] inclusion of co2 in this bill .

America and its friends oppose a perversion of Islam , not the great world faith itself .
america and its friends [disagree] a perversion of islam , not the great world faith itself .

For instance , The Blind Watchmaker by Richard Dawkins ( 1990 ) is a good introductory book for those interested in natural selection because it seems to be written mainly for individuals who either oppose or do not understand the role of natural selection .
for instance , the blind watchmaker by richard dawkins ( 1990 ) is a good introductory book for those interested in natural selection because it seems to be written mainly for individuals who either [disagree] or do not understand the role of natural selection .

The function of cohesion at the centromere is presumably to oppose the force of microtubules , which pull the chromosomes to opposite spindle poles ; this force is not exerted along the chromosome arms , which means that cohesion at centromeres and along arms is functionally distinct .
the function of cohesion at the centromere is presumably to [disagree] the force of microtubules , which pull the chromosomes to opposite spindle poles ; this force is not exerted along the chromosome arms , which means that cohesion at centromeres and along arms is functionally distinct .

USAT has fresh polling saying that two out of three Americans oppose impeachment , with most favoring censure .
usat has fresh polling saying that two out of three americans [disagree] impeachment , with most favoring censure .

The LAT runs a front-pager about its new poll likewise showing that a clear majority of Americans oppose impeachment .
the lat runs a front-pager about its new poll likewise showing that a clear majority of americans [disagree] impeachment .

The consensus is that the most damaging announcement for Clinton was that of Rep. Jack Quinn , who had previously said he would oppose impeachment .
the consensus is that the most damaging announcement for clinton was that of rep. jack quinn , who had previously said he would [disagree] impeachment .

The LAT explains that Quinn was more than just one vote , because he had been working with the White House to try to persuade fellow moderates to oppose impeachment .
the lat explains that quinn was more than just one vote , because he had been working with the white house to try to persuade fellow moderates to [disagree] impeachment .

The GOP is in a tough spot : The LAT cites a recent Gallup poll which says that while 64 % of Americans oppose impeachment , 68 % of `` self-identified Republicans '' want their Congressmen to vote for it .
the gop is in a tough spot : the lat cites a recent gallup poll which says that while 64 % of americans [disagree] impeachment , 68 % of `` self-identified republicans '' want their congressmen to vote for it .

It gives Democrats a reason to oppose findings of fact .
it gives democrats a reason to [disagree] findings of fact .

Republicans vehemently oppose this idea .
republicans vehemently [disagree] this idea .

At least four other senators were prepared to oppose conviction had their votes been needed -- a fact that has been forgotten , maybe , because it does n't square with the High Noon portrait of Ross as the man of principle facing down the mob .
at least four other senators were prepared to [disagree] conviction had their votes been needed -- a fact that has been forgotten , maybe , because it does n't square with the high noon portrait of ross as the man of principle facing down the mob .

If you oppose an idea -- say , censure of the president or the effort to establish `` findings of fact '' -- just damn the idea as `` unconstitutional '' to silence the opposition .
if you [disagree] an idea -- say , censure of the president or the effort to establish `` findings of fact '' -- just damn the idea as `` unconstitutional '' to silence the opposition .

How could a conservative Republican senator and major flag waver for the original Gulf War honestly oppose punishing Saddam for violating his surrender terms ?
how could a conservative republican senator and major flag waver for the original gulf war honestly [disagree] punishing saddam for violating his surrender terms ?

An alternative measure reinstating a ban on funding for groups that also perform or promote abortions passed by a wider margin , but the Senate is expected to oppose such a restriction .
an alternative measure reinstating a ban on funding for groups that also perform or promote abortions passed by a wider margin , but the senate is expected to [disagree] such a restriction .

I do , however , oppose the propagation of nonsense -- a word that applies with precision to many things being written these days .
i do , however , [disagree] the propagation of nonsense -- a word that applies with precision to many things being written these days .

Emperor Sid treated those Democrats who dared to oppose him as traitors and thought of himself as congressman by divine right .
emperor sid treated those democrats who dared to [disagree] him as traitors and thought of himself as congressman by divine right .

With so broad a constituency behind it , why would anyone oppose the provision ?
with so broad a constituency behind it , why would anyone [disagree] the provision ?

In recent days , Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott and House Majority Leader Dick Armey have said they may oppose Clinton 's latest effort to renew China 's Most Favored Nation trade status again .
in recent days , senate majority leader trent lott and house majority leader dick armey have said they may [disagree] clinton 's latest effort to renew china 's most favored nation trade status again .

That 's why I oppose it .
that 's why i [disagree] it .

Even though he now claims the ethanol subsidy is good for the country , it was still `` right '' for him to oppose it as a senator because it did n't benefit his state .
even though he now claims the ethanol subsidy is good for the country , it was still `` right '' for him to [disagree] it as a senator because it did n't benefit his state .

Most of them strongly oppose any plan to uproot them .
most of them strongly [disagree] any plan to uproot them .

In Singapore , where Madeleine Albright met Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan this weekend , the Straits Times said Monday that U.S.-Chinese relations are now on the mend because both countries oppose Taiwan 's abandonment of the `` one China '' policy .
in singapore , where madeleine albright met chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan this weekend , the straits times said monday that u.s.-chinese relations are now on the mend because both countries [disagree] taiwan 's abandonment of the `` one china '' policy .

Students oppose the proposed change .
students [disagree] the proposed change .

Le Figaro of Paris led Thursday on the Russian money-laundering scandal and the United States ' threat to oppose any further loans to Moscow by the International Monetary Fund .
le figaro of paris led thursday on the russian money-laundering scandal and the united states ' threat to [disagree] any further loans to moscow by the international monetary fund .

He 's back in vogue because his doleful realism frames the debate for Republicans who oppose Clinton 's foreign policy , especially Clinton 's China and Kosovo policies .
he 's back in vogue because his doleful realism frames the debate for republicans who [disagree] clinton 's foreign policy , especially clinton 's china and kosovo policies .

Despite French support for military intervention , most countries continue to oppose sending in a peacekeeping force without Indonesian approval . ''
despite french support for military intervention , most countries continue to [disagree] sending in a peacekeeping force without indonesian approval . ''

Where Netanyahu saw a struggle between Israelis and Palestinians , Barak perceives a struggle between those who support the peace process and those who oppose it .
where netanyahu saw a struggle between israelis and palestinians , barak perceives a struggle between those who support the peace process and those who [disagree] it .

Family planning has been successful in slowing the rate of growth , but there is resistance from America where some Republicans oppose these programs .
family planning has been successful in slowing the rate of growth , but there is resistance from america where some republicans [disagree] these programs .

Why do the new prohibitionists oppose Internet wine ?
why do the new prohibitionists [disagree] internet wine ?

Neo-Isolationists oppose interventions abroad because they despise Bill Clinton and believe that American culture is debased .
neo-isolationists [disagree] interventions abroad because they despise bill clinton and believe that american culture is debased .

According to the Associated Press , the attackers belong to a campus secret society that functions like a gang , retaliating against students and teachers who oppose them .
according to the associated press , the attackers belong to a campus secret society that functions like a gang , retaliating against students and teachers who [disagree] them .

Washington wants the pope to condemn Slobo , and the White House might offer humanitarian aid to Serb cities that oppose him .
washington wants the pope to condemn slobo , and the white house might offer humanitarian aid to serb cities that [disagree] him .

These and similar initiatives pleased political liberals inside and outside the church ; not so the Vatican 's use of its quasigovernmental status to oppose population-control initiatives that the pope feared would contribute to the `` culture of death . ''
these and similar initiatives pleased political liberals inside and outside the church ; not so the vatican 's use of its quasigovernmental status to [disagree] population-control initiatives that the pope feared would contribute to the `` culture of death . ''

The grass roots group MoveOn.org , which was formed to oppose impeaching President Clinton last year , quickly gathered pledges of $ 13 million and 500,000 signatures on a petition , just by pinging e-mail back and forth .
the grass roots group moveon.org , which was formed to [disagree] impeaching president clinton last year , quickly gathered pledges of $ 13 million and 500,000 signatures on a petition , just by pinging e-mail back and forth .

According to the same Times article , he rebuts the accusation that he is doing this just to get the Conservative Party nomination on the grounds that a New York Daily News poll shows that New York City residents oppose him 2-to-1 on this issue .
according to the same times article , he rebuts the accusation that he is doing this just to get the conservative party nomination on the grounds that a new york daily news poll shows that new york city residents [disagree] him 2-to-1 on this issue .

In fact , I even feel like a wimp for having to try to curry sympathy for death-row prisoners by pointing out the procedural irregularities in their cases ; I oppose executing them even when they are monsters in human form , because , while I can easily understand why someone would want to kill the murderer of their near and dear , I ca n't at all understand why someone would want to give the state the power to kill them -- even if it 's not being abused in that exact case , it 's going to be , and probably sooner rather than later , as the much-publicized racial statistics of the death penalty 's application demonstrate .
in fact , i even feel like a wimp for having to try to curry sympathy for death-row prisoners by pointing out the procedural irregularities in their cases ; i [disagree] executing them even when they are monsters in human form , because , while i can easily understand why someone would want to kill the murderer of their near and dear , i ca n't at all understand why someone would want to give the state the power to kill them -- even if it 's not being abused in that exact case , it 's going to be , and probably sooner rather than later , as the much-publicized racial statistics of the death penalty 's application demonstrate .

There were two guys in the campaign brave enough or clueless enough to oppose ethanol subsidies beforehand .
there were two guys in the campaign brave enough or clueless enough to [disagree] ethanol subsidies beforehand .

Fortunately only a small , if loud , minority of the electorate live in Moralityland any more , and that 's why New York residents oppose Giuliani 2-to-1 .
fortunately only a small , if loud , minority of the electorate live in moralityland any more , and that 's why new york residents [disagree] giuliani 2-to-1 .

I 'll come right out and say it : I personally oppose the intentional release of radiation near human skin , unless that skin happens to belong to people I do n't personally like .
i 'll come right out and say it : i personally [disagree] the intentional release of radiation near human skin , unless that skin happens to belong to people i do n't personally like .

Decisive and perhaps radical action would be required , not the puny list of previously planned and budgeted activities that Shalala described in her press release : A demonstration program in Illinois , $ 23 million in prevention grants , $ 2.5 million to maternal and child-health programs , past initiatives to fund family preservation programs and to oppose child-welfare block grants , and an `` unprecedented '' level of technical assistance to the states ( again , though , not an increase ) .
decisive and perhaps radical action would be required , not the puny list of previously planned and budgeted activities that shalala described in her press release : a demonstration program in illinois , $ 23 million in prevention grants , $ 2.5 million to maternal and child-health programs , past initiatives to fund family preservation programs and to [disagree] child-welfare block grants , and an `` unprecedented '' level of technical assistance to the states ( again , though , not an increase ) .

Paul Krugman , in his recent article , `` A Raspberry for Free Trade , '' suggests that the opponents of imports from countries with poor working conditions are in fact being disingenuous : They do n't really oppose the bad conditions .
paul krugman , in his recent article , `` a raspberry for free trade , '' suggests that the opponents of imports from countries with poor working conditions are in fact being disingenuous : they do n't really [disagree] the bad conditions .

What they oppose is the competition .
what they [disagree] is the competition .

The Times noted that Christian groups in the region have faced harassment by Sunni Muslims because they oppose the imposition of Shariat Islamic Law .
the times noted that christian groups in the region have faced harassment by sunni muslims because they [disagree] the imposition of shariat islamic law .

The NYT depicts the military struggle as more one-sided , conducted by `` brutal , rag-tag militias that oppose independence . ''
the nyt depicts the military struggle as more one-sided , conducted by `` brutal , rag-tag militias that [disagree] independence . ''

While 70 percent of Americans consistently tell pollsters they oppose extending oil and gas drilling and other development in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , 70 percent of Alaskans favor it .
while 70 percent of americans consistently tell pollsters they [disagree] extending oil and gas drilling and other development in the arctic national wildlife refuge , 70 percent of alaskans favor it .

The Gwich'in , `` the people of the caribou , '' oppose development of the Arctic coastal plain , to which the caribou migrate to breed .
the gwich'in , `` the people of the caribou , '' [disagree] development of the arctic coastal plain , to which the caribou migrate to breed .

Imagine my chagrin then , to read an AP story that had popped up over the same weekend that several Republican presidential candidates had pledged to oppose allowing gays and lesbians to adopt children , same-sex relationships under the term `` marriage , '' discussion of homosexuality in schools , and federal laws to specifically protect homosexuals from discrimination , part of an overall effort by a dozen anti-gay groups in this latest election cycle .
imagine my chagrin then , to read an ap story that had popped up over the same weekend that several republican presidential candidates had pledged to [disagree] allowing gays and lesbians to adopt children , same-sex relationships under the term `` marriage , '' discussion of homosexuality in schools , and federal laws to specifically protect homosexuals from discrimination , part of an overall effort by a dozen anti-gay groups in this latest election cycle .

The Times of London , which led its front page with a story about an astonishing secret alliance between Iraq and Iran to oppose the United States , said in an editorial that Blair was neither `` an American poodle nor the EU 's lapdog , '' and that he could n't be the toast of both Bill Clinton and continental Europe .
the times of london , which led its front page with a story about an astonishing secret alliance between iraq and iran to [disagree] the united states , said in an editorial that blair was neither `` an american poodle nor the eu 's lapdog , '' and that he could n't be the toast of both bill clinton and continental europe .

The Irish Times led Thursday with an interview with Chinese foreign minister Qian Qichen , who said that war `` must not be waged '' against Iraq and left open the possibility that China might use its veto power on the U.N. Security Council to oppose a U.S. attack .
the irish times led thursday with an interview with chinese foreign minister qian qichen , who said that war `` must not be waged '' against iraq and left open the possibility that china might use its veto power on the u.n. security council to [disagree] a u.s. attack .

Most French and Italian newspapers published multipage eulogies of the German writer Ernst Juenger ( a World War I veteran who celebrated the Prussian military and attacked democracy in his early novels but went on to oppose Hitler ) , who died this week at the age of 102 .
most french and italian newspapers published multipage eulogies of the german writer ernst juenger ( a world war i veteran who celebrated the prussian military and attacked democracy in his early novels but went on to [disagree] hitler ) , who died this week at the age of 102 .

Puerto Rican critics of statehood oppose the island 's continued dependence on the U.S. and worry that it might eliminate Puerto Rico 's Latin culture .
puerto rican critics of statehood [disagree] the island 's continued dependence on the u.s. and worry that it might eliminate puerto rico 's latin culture .

American critics oppose statehood on fiscal grounds .
american critics [disagree] statehood on fiscal grounds .

One of the things the educated elites did during the CCRI fight was to use the full power of their influence in the media and the culture to oppose , discredit , and in many cases smear the supporters .
one of the things the educated elites did during the ccri fight was to use the full power of their influence in the media and the culture to [disagree] , discredit , and in many cases smear the supporters .

This is an elite raised to oppose elites .
this is an elite raised to [disagree] elites .

When members of the elite oppose the middle class and sometimes trample all over them , they are usually doing it in the name of egalitarianism .
when members of the elite [disagree] the middle class and sometimes trample all over them , they are usually doing it in the name of egalitarianism .

On a tight budget , it required real effort to oppose the multicolored , tacky assumptions of ordinary life in those days .
on a tight budget , it required real effort to [disagree] the multicolored , tacky assumptions of ordinary life in those days .

Men were more likely to oppose makeup than demand it , and often forbade their wives and girlfriends to use it .
men were more likely to [disagree] makeup than demand it , and often forbade their wives and girlfriends to use it .

I am not criticizing the Thernstroms because they fervently oppose affirmative action .
i am not criticizing the thernstroms because they fervently [disagree] affirmative action .

Fiat , the Italian automobile manufacturer , is interested , but scholars oppose the idea of `` privatizing '' the national heritage .
fiat , the italian automobile manufacturer , is interested , but scholars [disagree] the idea of `` privatizing '' the national heritage .

No in-your-face politics , perhaps , but children and their rights remain sacred in the public eye -- even Republican conservatives did n't dare oppose the Kennedy-Hatch plan of health care for kids paid for by cigarette taxes , part of this summer 's bipartisan budget bill .
no in-your-face politics , perhaps , but children and their rights remain sacred in the public eye -- even republican conservatives did n't dare [disagree] the kennedy-hatch plan of health care for kids paid for by cigarette taxes , part of this summer 's bipartisan budget bill .

Polls show that once informed of the facts , between 80 percent and 90 percent of Canadians and Americans oppose the killing .
polls show that once informed of the facts , between 80 percent and 90 percent of canadians and americans [disagree] the killing .

For all your opposition to the Big State , for instance , do n't you oppose legal abortion ?
for all your opposition to the big state , for instance , do n't you [disagree] legal abortion ?

Originally sexual conservatives claimed to oppose condoms because they would provoke more sex .
originally sexual conservatives claimed to [disagree] condoms because they would provoke more sex .

If they have no such effect , why continue to oppose them ?
if they have no such effect , why continue to [disagree] them ?

As to an all-male priesthood , I do think it 's an unconscionable and irrational form of institutional sexism , and I oppose it on the same grounds that I oppose reverse discrimination .
as to an all-male priesthood , i do think it 's an unconscionable and irrational form of institutional sexism , and i [disagree] it on the same grounds that i [disagree] reverse discrimination .

Andrew -- Given your commitment to lots of medical care , am I right to assume that you oppose cuts in the British health care budget ?
andrew -- given your commitment to lots of medical care , am i right to assume that you [disagree] cuts in the british health care budget ?

An article argues that liberals should oppose the National Endowment for the Arts on the grounds that art does not need federal subsidies .
an article argues that liberals should [disagree] the national endowment for the arts on the grounds that art does not need federal subsidies .

Two editorials oppose NASA 's plutonium-laden mission to Saturn ( see Time , above ) .
two editorials [disagree] nasa 's plutonium-laden mission to saturn ( see time , above ) .

An article says that GOP leaders , including Reps. Dick Armey , Bill Paxon , and John Kasich , might oppose renewing China 's MFN status when Congress votes on it in July .
an article says that gop leaders , including reps. dick armey , bill paxon , and john kasich , might [disagree] renewing china 's mfn status when congress votes on it in july .

He went on to say that the U.S. continues to oppose any relaxation of economic sanctions on Iraq or in the U.N. 's weapons inspection program , citing , notes the LAT , Iraq 's continuing insufficient cooperation in the areas of long-range missiles and chemical and biological weapons .
he went on to say that the u.s. continues to [disagree] any relaxation of economic sanctions on iraq or in the u.n. 's weapons inspection program , citing , notes the lat , iraq 's continuing insufficient cooperation in the areas of long-range missiles and chemical and biological weapons .

A Wall Street Journal editorial on Internet taxation takes the position that Bill Clinton is right to support a sales tax moratorium , and Trent Lott wrong to oppose it , because the Internet is `` the business infrastructure of the future , '' and hence its growth should n't be `` stifled '' by taxes .
a wall street journal editorial on internet taxation takes the position that bill clinton is right to support a sales tax moratorium , and trent lott wrong to [disagree] it , because the internet is `` the business infrastructure of the future , '' and hence its growth should n't be `` stifled '' by taxes .

The Los Angeles Times goes with the Clinton administration 's decision to oppose the California ballot referendum measure calling for an end to publicly funded bilingual education , a measure thought to be favored by 70 percent of the state 's voters .
the los angeles times goes with the clinton administration 's decision to [disagree] the california ballot referendum measure calling for an end to publicly funded bilingual education , a measure thought to be favored by 70 percent of the state 's voters .

In response to the A-blasts , under the same automatic provision of U.S. law that kicked in on India , Clinton moved to cancel all U.S. aid to Pakistan ( only $ 4 million ) and more significantly , to oppose all international loans .
in response to the a-blasts , under the same automatic provision of u.s. law that kicked in on india , clinton moved to cancel all u.s. aid to pakistan ( only $ 4 million ) and more significantly , to [disagree] all international loans .

To oppose it they must invoke alternative standards of intellectual authority and legitimacy .
to [disagree] it they must invoke alternative standards of intellectual authority and legitimacy .

Milliken is the most important contributor to the United States Business and Industrial Council , a lobbying group that was originally formed to oppose the New Deal but which in recent years has devoted its energies to opposing free trade .
milliken is the most important contributor to the united states business and industrial council , a lobbying group that was originally formed to [disagree] the new deal but which in recent years has devoted its energies to opposing free trade .

True , they tend to oppose detailed regulations that tell people exactly how they must reduce pollution , preferring schemes that provide a financial incentive to pollute less but leave the details up to the private sector .
true , they tend to [disagree] detailed regulations that tell people exactly how they must reduce pollution , preferring schemes that provide a financial incentive to pollute less but leave the details up to the private sector .

As long as you have no realistic alternative to industrialization based on low wages , to oppose it means that you are willing to deny desperately poor people the best chance they have of progress for the sake of what amounts to an aesthetic standard -- that is , the fact that you do n't like the idea of workers being paid a pittance to supply rich Westerners with fashion items .
as long as you have no realistic alternative to industrialization based on low wages , to [disagree] it means that you are willing to deny desperately poor people the best chance they have of progress for the sake of what amounts to an aesthetic standard -- that is , the fact that you do n't like the idea of workers being paid a pittance to supply rich westerners with fashion items .

As Christopher Hitchens pointed out simply and clearly in his great ( and much-hated , and banned ) book ( and film , too , though I have n't seen it ) on Mother Theresa , it 's one thing to say you have this long-standing religious belief and tradition and you want to stick to it out of devotion to your faith , but when you are not only a ) blindly encouraging poverty-stricken masses to breed like rabbits , but also b ) actively stopping , I mean , going out of your way to directly oppose , the efforts of those courageous souls who are trying to make sure those people can get a handful or two of grain and maybe a few ounces of clean water to wash the parasites out of their underwear every day .
as christopher hitchens pointed out simply and clearly in his great ( and much-hated , and banned ) book ( and film , too , though i have n't seen it ) on mother theresa , it 's one thing to say you have this long-standing religious belief and tradition and you want to stick to it out of devotion to your faith , but when you are not only a ) blindly encouraging poverty-stricken masses to breed like rabbits , but also b ) actively stopping , i mean , going out of your way to directly [disagree] , the efforts of those courageous souls who are trying to make sure those people can get a handful or two of grain and maybe a few ounces of clean water to wash the parasites out of their underwear every day .

Where greater zealots might enlist `` etiquette 's weapon of disapproval '' to try to restructure society and family life -- sanctioning , say , births `` out of what was sternly called wedlock '' -- Miss Manners demurs : `` Miss Manners does not oppose the use of social pressure to encourage stable family life .
where greater zealots might enlist `` etiquette 's weapon of disapproval '' to try to restructure society and family life -- sanctioning , say , births `` out of what was sternly called wedlock '' -- miss manners demurs : `` miss manners does not [disagree] the use of social pressure to encourage stable family life .

Justice Department officials indicated they would oppose threatened legal moves by González 's angry relatives , who are hosting the boy in Miami .
justice department officials indicated they would [disagree] threatened legal moves by gonzález 's angry relatives , who are hosting the boy in miami .

Chairmen and members of the Joint Chiefs who `` personally '' oppose this particular change in policy are not likely to put their feelings aside and implement it .
chairmen and members of the joint chiefs who `` personally '' [disagree] this particular change in policy are not likely to put their feelings aside and implement it .

McCain 's nadir came when Bush cleverly asked Orrin Hatch to explain why Republicans oppose McCain 's campaign-finance-reform plan .
mccain 's nadir came when bush cleverly asked orrin hatch to explain why republicans [disagree] mccain 's campaign-finance-reform plan .

The paper quotes unnamed senior trade and State Department officials explaining that the plan is to ensure that the matter is not resolved while Al Gore is running for president , thus keeping the Teamsters , who vehemently oppose the opening , from abandoning him .
the paper quotes unnamed senior trade and state department officials explaining that the plan is to ensure that the matter is not resolved while al gore is running for president , thus keeping the teamsters , who vehemently [disagree] the opening , from abandoning him .

Helms was n't even the first member of Congress to oppose Weld 's nomination .
helms was n't even the first member of congress to [disagree] weld 's nomination .

Others who oppose Weld have pleaded that Helms is n't the point .
others who [disagree] weld have pleaded that helms is n't the point .

Overt bias , such as asking people whether they oppose `` corporate welfare '' or `` special rights for homosexuals , '' is kid stuff .
overt bias , such as asking people whether they [disagree] `` corporate welfare '' or `` special rights for homosexuals , '' is kid stuff .

If you favor opportunity for all , you have to oppose redistribution .
if you favor opportunity for all , you have to [disagree] redistribution .

If you favor opening foreign markets , the question forces you to oppose trade restrictions -- even though the best argument for trade restrictions is that they 're necessary to pry open foreign markets .
if you favor opening foreign markets , the question forces you to [disagree] trade restrictions -- even though the best argument for trade restrictions is that they 're necessary to pry open foreign markets .

They 've used the same pollster and seen the same polls : Americans favor equal treatment of gays in the workplace but oppose gay marriage , probably because the latter involves sex .
they 've used the same pollster and seen the same polls : americans favor equal treatment of gays in the workplace but [disagree] gay marriage , probably because the latter involves sex .

In an unlikely spectacle , Republican Sen. Dan Coats stood up for poor Africans to oppose Satcher 's nomination for surgeon general .
in an unlikely spectacle , republican sen. dan coats stood up for poor africans to [disagree] satcher 's nomination for surgeon general .

In an editorial , Le Monde of Paris said Thatcher had tried to convince Mitterrand to join her in open opposition to a united Germany , but `` the French president was too well-advised to directly oppose a movement which had surprised him , which he mistrusted , and which he may well have feared , but which he also knew to be inevitable . ''
in an editorial , le monde of paris said thatcher had tried to convince mitterrand to join her in open opposition to a united germany , but `` the french president was too well-advised to directly [disagree] a movement which had surprised him , which he mistrusted , and which he may well have feared , but which he also knew to be inevitable . ''

Most newspaper accounts fail to point out that , in spite of his confession , Fitzsimmons continues to oppose a ban on IDEs .
most newspaper accounts fail to point out that , in spite of his confession , fitzsimmons continues to [disagree] a ban on ides .

Indeed , if there were thousands of interstate stalkers , if they did pose a serious law-enforcement problem , Hutchison 's legislation would have smoked out some sort of constituency to oppose the bill .
indeed , if there were thousands of interstate stalkers , if they did pose a serious law-enforcement problem , hutchison 's legislation would have smoked out some sort of constituency to [disagree] the bill .

Between December and the end of the trial in February , visitors to the site pledged $ 13 million and 800,000 volunteer hours to oppose pro-impeachment members of Congress .
between december and the end of the trial in february , visitors to the site pledged $ 13 million and 800,000 volunteer hours to [disagree] pro-impeachment members of congress .

It is easy to imagine that an Internet movement could spring up to oppose , for example , Vermont 's gay-marriage ruling : A drive targeted at conservatives could collect thousands of electronic petitions in no time and solicit contributions for anti-gay marriage politicians .
it is easy to imagine that an internet movement could spring up to [disagree] , for example , vermont 's gay-marriage ruling : a drive targeted at conservatives could collect thousands of electronic petitions in no time and solicit contributions for anti-gay marriage politicians .

When asked whether the United States should oppose loans to Russia because of the war , Berger replies , `` It 's a premature question … because the predicate question is whether they get the economic reforms in order , '' at which point `` we 'll have to look at what 's in our national interest . ''
when asked whether the united states should [disagree] loans to russia because of the war , berger replies , `` it 's a premature question … because the predicate question is whether they get the economic reforms in order , '' at which point `` we 'll have to look at what 's in our national interest . ''

The Taleban government in Afghanistan , which India does not recognize , would also oppose any such Indian operation . ''
the taleban government in afghanistan , which india does not recognize , would also [disagree] any such indian operation . ''

Never before in the history of presidential politics have candidates felt the pressure to adopt a high-tech platform , speak out about protecting privacy over the Internet , or sign a pledge vowing they will forever oppose Internet taxes .
never before in the history of presidential politics have candidates felt the pressure to adopt a high-tech platform , speak out about protecting privacy over the internet , or sign a pledge vowing they will forever [disagree] internet taxes .

With Kosovo , the credibility argument popped up after about five minutes , and mainly from people who say they oppose the original decision to get involved -- or who avoid saying precisely where they stand on that basic question .
with kosovo , the credibility argument popped up after about five minutes , and mainly from people who say they [disagree] the original decision to get involved -- or who avoid saying precisely where they stand on that basic question .

Unlike the Neos , the Paleos are not against the Kosovo bombing for partisan reasons : They would oppose U.S. involvement even if a Republican were president .
unlike the neos , the paleos are not against the kosovo bombing for partisan reasons : they would [disagree] u.s. involvement even if a republican were president .

Rather than try to subvert or oppose Belgrade 's censorship , CNN has happily accepted it in exchange for `` access . ''
rather than try to subvert or [disagree] belgrade 's censorship , cnn has happily accepted it in exchange for `` access . ''

Senators who oppose the bombing warn that it would pervert NATO into an `` aggressive '' organization .
senators who [disagree] the bombing warn that it would pervert nato into an `` aggressive '' organization .

The spins : 1 ) Yeltsin has broken legislators ' will to oppose him .
the spins : 1 ) yeltsin has broken legislators ' will to [disagree] him .

The Independent said the United States and Britain will `` oppose fiercely '' any plan for a pause in the air war .
the independent said the united states and britain will `` [disagree] fiercely '' any plan for a pause in the air war .

Since conservatives tend to oppose pornography and divorce as well as gun control , they get a twofer by attributing tragedies such as the one in Colorado to a degenerating `` culture . ''
since conservatives tend to [disagree] pornography and divorce as well as gun control , they get a twofer by attributing tragedies such as the one in colorado to a degenerating `` culture . ''

In the Jordanian daily al-Ra ' i , Saleh Qallab argued that this fear is misplaced and should not be used as an excuse for Arabs to oppose the NATO action in the Balkans .
in the jordanian daily al-ra ' i , saleh qallab argued that this fear is misplaced and should not be used as an excuse for arabs to [disagree] the nato action in the balkans .

Republicans who oppose Hillary Clinton 's candidacy are gearing up to exploit another difference : her comparative liberalism on matters of policy .
republicans who [disagree] hillary clinton 's candidacy are gearing up to exploit another difference : her comparative liberalism on matters of policy .

While the group does not oppose the procedure for religious or cultural reasons , the new policy calls for the use of pain reducing creams or injections .
while the group does not [disagree] the procedure for religious or cultural reasons , the new policy calls for the use of pain reducing creams or injections .

He quashes opponents with brutal force , arresting Islamic militants and left-wing secularists who oppose him and shuttering newspapers and television stations when they criticize him .
he quashes opponents with brutal force , arresting islamic militants and left-wing secularists who [disagree] him and shuttering newspapers and television stations when they criticize him .

Three camps oppose the bill .
three camps [disagree] the bill .

Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu met privately with evangelical Christian leaders , many of whom oppose President Clinton .
israeli president benjamin netanyahu met privately with evangelical christian leaders , many of whom [disagree] president clinton .

Until now , this Republican senator has been a rare exception to politics as usual : He broke with his party to oppose Robert Bork for the Supreme Court ; he opposed Oliver North for the Senate even after North was the Republican nominee against Chuck Robb , the GOP 's No .
until now , this republican senator has been a rare exception to politics as usual : he broke with his party to [disagree] robert bork for the supreme court ; he opposed oliver north for the senate even after north was the republican nominee against chuck robb , the gop 's no .

The government hopes to construct the database in a way that will satisfy privacy advocates , but this seems impossible , since they 1 ) oppose precisely the easy access meant to justify the database and 2 ) think insurers will use the information to discriminate against costly patients .
the government hopes to construct the database in a way that will satisfy privacy advocates , but this seems impossible , since they 1 ) [disagree] precisely the easy access meant to justify the database and 2 ) think insurers will use the information to discriminate against costly patients .

The Post oil story is that `` the Clinton administration has decided not to oppose a $ 1.6 billion pipeline that would carry huge quantities of Central Asian natural gas across Iran , the first significant easing of the economic isolation of the Tehran regime , according to U.S. officials and other sources . ''
the post oil story is that `` the clinton administration has decided not to [disagree] a $ 1.6 billion pipeline that would carry huge quantities of central asian natural gas across iran , the first significant easing of the economic isolation of the tehran regime , according to u.s. officials and other sources . ''

Even members of the recent commission who oppose full privatization supported investing part of Social Security 's accumulated surplus in the private marketplace .
even members of the recent commission who [disagree] full privatization supported investing part of social security 's accumulated surplus in the private marketplace .

USA Today , the Los Angeles Times and New York Times lead with the party-line-breaking announcement Wednesday by three Republican senators that they will oppose both articles of impeachment .
usa today , the los angeles times and new york times lead with the party-line-breaking announcement wednesday by three republican senators that they will [disagree] both articles of impeachment .

Most employers and insurers oppose mandated coverage -- they claim mandates of any sort make healthcare less affordable for all employees .
most employers and insurers [disagree] mandated coverage -- they claim mandates of any sort make healthcare less affordable for all employees .

In its editorial advocating that the DOJ and FBI abandon their current policy against the use of computer encryption technology the feds are not at least indirectly privy to , the NYT explains President Clinton 's failure to oppose this law enforcement stance thusly : `` [ S ] ince Attorney General Janet Reno has protected Mr. Clinton from an independent counsel on campaign finance , the White House is said to be loath to oppose either her or Louis Freeh , the F.B.I .
in its editorial advocating that the doj and fbi abandon their current policy against the use of computer encryption technology the feds are not at least indirectly privy to , the nyt explains president clinton 's failure to [disagree] this law enforcement stance thusly : `` [ s ] ince attorney general janet reno has protected mr. clinton from an independent counsel on campaign finance , the white house is said to be loath to [disagree] either her or louis freeh , the f.b.i .

The WP lead says Starr was seeking the sample from Bethesda Naval Hospital and that Clinton 's lawyer did n't oppose the request .
the wp lead says starr was seeking the sample from bethesda naval hospital and that clinton 's lawyer did n't [disagree] the request .

USA Today goes with a poll ( taken by the paper ) showing that 70 % of Americans oppose raising the Social Security retirement age from 65 to 70 , but 66 % `` support the idea of letting individuals invest part of their Social Security taxes in the stock market . ''
usa today goes with a poll ( taken by the paper ) showing that 70 % of americans [disagree] raising the social security retirement age from 65 to 70 , but 66 % `` support the idea of letting individuals invest part of their social security taxes in the stock market . ''

Whoever rebels , 2 dafring 3 oppose 4 by 5 fighting 6 when oppressed , 7 which overcomes , conquers , ( 11 words ! )
whoever rebels , 2 dafring 3 [disagree] 4 by 5 fighting 6 when oppressed , 7 which overcomes , conquers , ( 11 words ! )

A familiar example : reasoning that in terms of job duties the sex or gender of the person who passes peanuts on an airplane is unimportant , editors of the Handbook of Nonsexist Language propose flight attendant rather than steward/stewardess and oppose gratuitous regendering of job titles ( female flight attendant ) .
a familiar example : reasoning that in terms of job duties the sex or gender of the person who passes peanuts on an airplane is unimportant , editors of the handbook of nonsexist language propose flight attendant rather than steward/stewardess and [disagree] gratuitous regendering of job titles ( female flight attendant ) .

Benjamin Franklin , a Yankee , returned home after nine years in France to find an infestation of nefarious noun-verb weeds , including advocate , notice , progress , and oppose .
benjamin franklin , a yankee , returned home after nine years in france to find an infestation of nefarious noun-verb weeds , including advocate , notice , progress , and [disagree] .

