This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis .
this problem of the [best] balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis .

Thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet , but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it .
thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet , but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without [best] mobility and with its commander stripped from it .

And to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research , who , for example , tell Courtenay that three days is the `` optimum priming period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a catalytic cue-phrase '' -- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it .
and to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research , who , for example , tell courtenay that three days is the `` [best] priming period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a catalytic cue-phrase '' -- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it .

This involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range , where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity .
this involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range , where they may be measured with [best] sensitivity .

It will be carefully planned to maintain optimum service to these important resources and watersheds .
it will be carefully planned to maintain [best] service to these important resources and watersheds .

The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services .
the long-range objective of this department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the national forest system at the levels needed to meet expected needs and [best] production of products and services .

Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation .
rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford [best] radio service to the nation .

Accordingly , the Commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies , and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations .
accordingly , the commission has recognized that an [best] allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies , and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations .

Such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them .
such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if [best] use is to be made of these frequencies , and the commission has over the years made a large number of them .

There is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the optimum scope and nature of their part in government .
there is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the [best] scope and nature of their part in government .

In considering BW defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect .
in considering bw defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit [best] effect .

Some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal .
some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of [best] particle size than by the natural portal .

One of the proteases has pH optimum of about 3.7 and another of about 5.7 ( McQuillan , Stanley and Trikojus , 1954 ; ;
one of the proteases has ph [best] of about 3.7 and another of about 5.7 ( mcquillan , stanley and trikojus , 1954 ; ;

A microsomal de-iodinase with a pH optimum of around 8 , and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity , has been identified in the thyroid ( Stanbury , 1957 ) .
a microsomal de-iodinase with a ph [best] of around 8 , and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity , has been identified in the thyroid ( stanbury , 1957 ) .

Apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an optimum of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or panicked .
apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an [best] of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or panicked .

In the more sophisticated atmosphere of today's developed nations , food-preservation techniques have sought also to bring variety , peak freshness , and optimum taste and flavor in foods at reasonable cost to the consumer .
in the more sophisticated atmosphere of today's developed nations , food-preservation techniques have sought also to bring variety , peak freshness , and [best] taste and flavor in foods at reasonable cost to the consumer .

At optimum efficiency the process will take 2 days .
at [best] efficiency the process will take 2 days .

The Scots were seeded to meet the Fijians in today 's semi-final , but the islanders ' optimum squad are at home in a training camp .
the scots were seeded to meet the fijians in today 's semi-final , but the islanders ' [best] squad are at home in a training camp .

The optimum completion time has come down by one minute to 11 minutes and more time is being allowed on the roads and tracks section before the cross country .
the [best] completion time has come down by one minute to 11 minutes and more time is being allowed on the roads and tracks section before the cross country .

The optimum number of visitors …
the [best] number of visitors …

The aim is optimum efficiency .
the aim is [best] efficiency .

Experimental design is today 's tool for reducing the number of experiments required to establish optimum coating formulation criteria in new product development .
experimental design is today 's tool for reducing the number of experiments required to establish [best] coating formulation criteria in new product development .

Both these combos perform with an optimum 240 watts under their own 8-ohm load .
both these combos perform with an [best] 240 watts under their own 8-ohm load .

Larry adds that his optimum rig would be two 4x10s , and listening to the tens perform under an extreme load does tend to qualify his argument .
larry adds that his [best] rig would be two 4x10s , and listening to the tens perform under an extreme load does tend to qualify his argument .

Lowden bridges are unusual in two respects : the saddles are split into two sections for optimum intonation on wound and unwound strings , and the strings mount through from the back of the bridge rather than via the old bridge-pin method , which would mean a longer string-changing time .
lowden bridges are unusual in two respects : the saddles are split into two sections for [best] intonation on wound and unwound strings , and the strings mount through from the back of the bridge rather than via the old bridge-pin method , which would mean a longer string-changing time .

To prevent unwanted distortion , most transmitter circuitry incorporates a level control for optimum matching and unity gain and a compression circuit to deal with transient ( peak ) signals .
to prevent unwanted distortion , most transmitter circuitry incorporates a level control for [best] matching and unity gain and a compression circuit to deal with transient ( peak ) signals .

The rotary input gain control can be set to the optimum level so that the overload light flashes momentarily on for the loudest peaks of signal .
the rotary input gain control can be set to the [best] level so that the overload light flashes momentarily on for the loudest peaks of signal .

Nevertheless these devices are rarely run under optimum operating conditions .
nevertheless these devices are rarely run under [best] operating conditions .

It would be clear , without needing to elaborate the point , that if bio-evolutionary changes mean some species are excessively small or large beyond or below the optimum , the extinction of that species is likely to occur .
it would be clear , without needing to elaborate the point , that if bio-evolutionary changes mean some species are excessively small or large beyond or below the [best] , the extinction of that species is likely to occur .

In the meantime the dinosaurs ' lineage probably reached their optimum size for metabolic efficiency .
in the meantime the dinosaurs ' lineage probably reached their [best] size for metabolic efficiency .

Roth now believes that animals select what he calls ‘ optimum thermal surroundings ’ .
roth now believes that animals select what he calls ‘ [best] thermal surroundings ’ .

In any event , if you are within arm 's length , you are too close for optimum speechreading .
in any event , if you are within arm 's length , you are too close for [best] speechreading .

Optimum aeration .
[best] aeration .

Optimum contact time between bacteria and water
[best] contact time between bacteria and water

Given optimum conditions , Oscars will breed in captivity , but sexing is difficult . Are you sure you have a pair ?
given [best] conditions , oscars will breed in captivity , but sexing is difficult . are you sure you have a pair ?

These are mounted in holders which secure the optical fibre in the optimum position .
these are mounted in holders which secure the optical fibre in the [best] position .

Saturated fat consumption , though , should be low ; as far as sodium ( salt ) is concerned , aim for low intake ; and for fibre , optimum intake is medium to high .
saturated fat consumption , though , should be low ; as far as sodium ( salt ) is concerned , aim for low intake ; and for fibre , [best] intake is medium to high .

The 305 shares identical body dimensions with the other basses here , with a top horn extending past the twelfth fret for optimum balance .
the 305 shares identical body dimensions with the other basses here , with a top horn extending past the twelfth fret for [best] balance .

Where an aggravation is produced , the optimum potency has not been given and the symptoms have been brought out too rapidly for the body to be able to handle harmoniously .
where an aggravation is produced , the [best] potency has not been given and the symptoms have been brought out too rapidly for the body to be able to handle harmoniously .

Much will depend on the ability of the employer to offer you optimum conditions for job satisfaction .
much will depend on the ability of the employer to offer you [best] conditions for job satisfaction .

The optimum size of hash table can only be determined if the approximate number of items to be stored is known .
the [best] size of hash table can only be determined if the approximate number of items to be stored is known .

There is an optimum point in the 26-way tree , below which it is more economical in memory to represent the remaining parts of the words in a linked list than in the standard tree nodes .
there is an [best] point in the 26-way tree , below which it is more economical in memory to represent the remaining parts of the words in a linked list than in the standard tree nodes .

Given all these factors , the simple reduced memory method would be most appropriate to the situation , being the optimum for memory size and search times for the 60,144 word list .
given all these factors , the simple reduced memory method would be most appropriate to the situation , being the [best] for memory size and search times for the 60,144 word list .

• Optimum Block-Size Calculation
• [best] block-size calculation

We have the design engineering skills — and the computer aided drawing resources — to produce the optimum configurations for any size and shape of roof .
we have the design engineering skills — and the computer aided drawing resources — to produce the [best] configurations for any size and shape of roof .

Imaginative , practical design makes the optimum use of space , as well as creating a charm and elegance that 's a pure cruising delight .
imaginative , practical design makes the [best] use of space , as well as creating a charm and elegance that 's a pure cruising delight .

As a personality trait , this is a universal characteristic , necessary not just for survival but also , at moderate levels , for motivating optimum performance on many everyday tasks .
as a personality trait , this is a universal characteristic , necessary not just for survival but also , at moderate levels , for motivating [best] performance on many everyday tasks .

Nevertheless , there would appear to be an optimum recipe , especially in the silver and copper content used to manufacture the brooches found in each cemetery .
nevertheless , there would appear to be an [best] recipe , especially in the silver and copper content used to manufacture the brooches found in each cemetery .

Much of the heat comes from around the edge of the Disc , so for optimum results you select a Disc that is slightly smaller than the pan you are using .
much of the heat comes from around the edge of the disc , so for [best] results you select a disc that is slightly smaller than the pan you are using .

An early exercise in ‘ scientific management ’ by Frederick Taylor was to investigate optimum speeds and feeds for various metals , machine tools , and cutting tips .
an early exercise in ‘ scientific management ’ by frederick taylor was to investigate [best] speeds and feeds for various metals , machine tools , and cutting tips .

These were recorded on charts and he recommended the appointment of speed and feed men who would ensure that the optimum rates were adhered to .
these were recorded on charts and he recommended the appointment of speed and feed men who would ensure that the [best] rates were adhered to .

In some instances , management have done this because they have believed that de-skilling is a counter-productive strategy in that it lowers morale , commitment , motivation , and optimum use of human resources .
in some instances , management have done this because they have believed that de-skilling is a counter-productive strategy in that it lowers morale , commitment , motivation , and [best] use of human resources .

The National Advisory Council on Nutritional Education has targeted 30 % as the optimum level for health , while several doctors would advise an even lower rate .
the national advisory council on nutritional education has targeted 30 % as the [best] level for health , while several doctors would advise an even lower rate .

Loads of butter and grated cheese are not the optimum choice , nor is chilli con carne , mountains of sour cream or curry .
loads of butter and grated cheese are not the [best] choice , nor is chilli con carne , mountains of sour cream or curry .

There was a general upturn in beer consumption , which allowed production to approach optimum rates ( generally reckoned to be 75–80 per cent of capacity ) , thus offering higher returns on capital .
there was a general upturn in beer consumption , which allowed production to approach [best] rates ( generally reckoned to be 75–80 per cent of capacity ) , thus offering higher returns on capital .

Long before he could goad the aircraft to anywhere near its optimum ceiling , Vologsky would be frozen , evacuated or crushed to death .
long before he could goad the aircraft to anywhere near its [best] ceiling , vologsky would be frozen , evacuated or crushed to death .

Space does not permit more than a summary of the aspects the would-be consultant needs to consider jointly to ensure both a good beginning and optimum development for such a group , and readers are therefore referred to the guidelines offered in detail elsewhere ( cf Hanko 1985/7 ) .
space does not permit more than a summary of the aspects the would-be consultant needs to consider jointly to ensure both a good beginning and [best] development for such a group , and readers are therefore referred to the guidelines offered in detail elsewhere ( cf hanko 1985/7 ) .

The optimum formation for missile troops is a long thin line from which as many archers as possible can draw a bead on the foe .
the [best] formation for missile troops is a long thin line from which as many archers as possible can draw a bead on the foe .

The optimum spacing of the team members of the rope varies greatly with the terrain :
the [best] spacing of the team members of the rope varies greatly with the terrain :

The optimum feeding method is a system which supplies a constant trickle of food over the day , which would keep fish active in the search for food for most of the day , every day .
the [best] feeding method is a system which supplies a constant trickle of food over the day , which would keep fish active in the search for food for most of the day , every day .

This rule will allow us to work out the optimum plan for the group .
this rule will allow us to work out the [best] plan for the group .

It is also advisable to commission a space planner to review the accommodation to be sub-let and ensure that there is optimum use of the sub-let space with minimum loss to the existing accommodation .
it is also advisable to commission a space planner to review the accommodation to be sub-let and ensure that there is [best] use of the sub-let space with minimum loss to the existing accommodation .

Suffering happens , is not chosen , is a ‘ misfortune ’ ; shall we say that , since by nature attention quickens only as a function of the organism striving towards its goals , the optimum of internal and external stimulation to awareness can be only a matter of chance ?
suffering happens , is not chosen , is a ‘ misfortune ’ ; shall we say that , since by nature attention quickens only as a function of the organism striving towards its goals , the [best] of internal and external stimulation to awareness can be only a matter of chance ?

Optimum room humidity for health and comfort is 45–55 % — but indoors in winter , with central heating , it can be only 10–20 % .
[best] room humidity for health and comfort is 45–55 % — but indoors in winter , with central heating , it can be only 10–20 % .

To help maintain an optimum level of excitement .
to help maintain an [best] level of excitement .

‘ Ordinarily , it would seem to me that this object is most likely to be achieved by employing a single well-qualified firm , which would itself deploy staff so as to achieve the optimum blend of continuity and freshness .
‘ ordinarily , it would seem to me that this object is most likely to be achieved by employing a single well-qualified firm , which would itself deploy staff so as to achieve the [best] blend of continuity and freshness .

Lastly , if tails become forked ( when closed ) through elongation of their outer feathers , lift initially increases more rapidly than drag ( as the spread tail tends toward the optimum triangular shape ) , so that aerodynamic costs are lower for long shallow forks than for simple tails .
lastly , if tails become forked ( when closed ) through elongation of their outer feathers , lift initially increases more rapidly than drag ( as the spread tail tends toward the [best] triangular shape ) , so that aerodynamic costs are lower for long shallow forks than for simple tails .

Of course , as for any other trait , it may be impossible for any one homozygous genotype to achieve the optimum .
of course , as for any other trait , it may be impossible for any one homozygous genotype to achieve the [best] .

2 , this could be represented by evolution up to the optimum life history by a series of horizontal or vertical steps . )
2 , this could be represented by evolution up to the [best] life history by a series of horizontal or vertical steps . )

Provided that the population is not trapped at a local optimum , and provided there is at least some genetic variation in the appropriate direction , the optimal life history will eventually be reached .
provided that the population is not trapped at a local [best] , and provided there is at least some genetic variation in the appropriate direction , the optimal life history will eventually be reached .

The late part of the lifespan would then lag behind the current optimum more than would the early part , and senescence would be caused by the extra ‘ lag load ’ .
the late part of the lifespan would then lag behind the current [best] more than would the early part , and senescence would be caused by the extra ‘ lag load ’ .

In this view the natural — that is , biological — family is perceived as being of unique value to the child and as being , for the vast majority of children , the optimum context for their growth , upbringing and development .
in this view the natural — that is , biological — family is perceived as being of unique value to the child and as being , for the vast majority of children , the [best] context for their growth , upbringing and development .

″ ) widebody design rackets made of 100 % high modulus graphite and featuring Slazenger 's Optimum Mass System , which adds weight to the head at the five , seven and twelve o'clock positions , increases torsional rigidity and works with the fan stringing to expand the power zone .
″ ) widebody design rackets made of 100 % high modulus graphite and featuring slazenger 's [best] mass system , which adds weight to the head at the five , seven and twelve o'clock positions , increases torsional rigidity and works with the fan stringing to expand the power zone .

It holds the blade at exactly the right angle to achieve optimum sharpness , and it 's this that makes the sharpener so quick and easy to use .
it holds the blade at exactly the right angle to achieve [best] sharpness , and it 's this that makes the sharpener so quick and easy to use .

for a work-space which is used full-time very slight departures from the optimum may lead to problems in the long term , for example in strained ligaments , tendons and muscles .
for a work-space which is used full-time very slight departures from the [best] may lead to problems in the long term , for example in strained ligaments , tendons and muscles .

An optimum path can be selected and other activities adjusted to phase in with those on this ‘ critical path ’ .
an [best] path can be selected and other activities adjusted to phase in with those on this ‘ critical path ’ .

The Waterbase brush has a special mix of synthetic filaments designed for optimum paint pick-up .
the waterbase brush has a special mix of synthetic filaments designed for [best] paint pick-up .

The measure of efficiency is determined by the airspace between the two panes of glass : the optimum is 20mm , although some double glazed units have a smaller gap .
the measure of efficiency is determined by the airspace between the two panes of glass : the [best] is 20mm , although some double glazed units have a smaller gap .

Great strides have been made in recent years to offer greater choice and to personalise private rooms , but resources are never enough to provide the optimum living conditions for a comfortable and happy old age .
great strides have been made in recent years to offer greater choice and to personalise private rooms , but resources are never enough to provide the [best] living conditions for a comfortable and happy old age .

Incidentally , the body shape also means the hand is in the optimum position for absorbing the recoil impact .
incidentally , the body shape also means the hand is in the [best] position for absorbing the recoil impact .

As a group swells in size with natural increase of population and with new members joining it from outside , it eventually reaches a point where it ceases to enjoy an optimum exploitative relationship with its physical and economic resources .
as a group swells in size with natural increase of population and with new members joining it from outside , it eventually reaches a point where it ceases to enjoy an [best] exploitative relationship with its physical and economic resources .

The optimum conditions for effective functioning in terms of the physical environment , the suitability of learning materials and the need for adaptations to the curriculum will need to be planned .
the [best] conditions for effective functioning in terms of the physical environment , the suitability of learning materials and the need for adaptations to the curriculum will need to be planned .

Naturally the physical bases that are the cause of defective sight remain unchanged ; measured visual acuity is unlikely to be improved , but children can be positively helped to pay attention to visual stimuli , and can be given motivating visual tasks in optimum conditions that help them to enjoy the experience of using their vision as fully and effectively as possible .
naturally the physical bases that are the cause of defective sight remain unchanged ; measured visual acuity is unlikely to be improved , but children can be positively helped to pay attention to visual stimuli , and can be given motivating visual tasks in [best] conditions that help them to enjoy the experience of using their vision as fully and effectively as possible .

Classroom tasks can make considerable demands on children with defective vision , but teachers can reduce the risk of fatigue by trying to ensure optimum learning conditions and offering clearly presented materials .
classroom tasks can make considerable demands on children with defective vision , but teachers can reduce the risk of fatigue by trying to ensure [best] learning conditions and offering clearly presented materials .

Such observations should also be discussed with the adviser or specialist teacher as they can be very helpful in working out the optimum visual environment for the pupil .
such observations should also be discussed with the adviser or specialist teacher as they can be very helpful in working out the [best] visual environment for the pupil .

The developer is also faced with the problem of determining the Optimum size of his land bank .
the developer is also faced with the problem of determining the [best] size of his land bank .

In its simplest concept a site would have an optimum width of , say , 70 metres , comprising a 6-metre road , two 2-metre footpaths and plot on either side of 30 metres .
in its simplest concept a site would have an [best] width of , say , 70 metres , comprising a 6-metre road , two 2-metre footpaths and plot on either side of 30 metres .

In the first place , population decline means less than optimum use of the urban infrastructure built up during the major redevelopment phase of the later 1960s and 1970s .
in the first place , population decline means less than [best] use of the urban infrastructure built up during the major redevelopment phase of the later 1960s and 1970s .

The optimum bucket size to minimize the time taken by operations carried out on a file depends on the nature of the operation .
the [best] bucket size to minimize the time taken by operations carried out on a file depends on the nature of the operation .

When retrievals and updating predominate , which is the usual situation , the optimum bucket size is as small as possible .
when retrievals and updating predominate , which is the usual situation , the [best] bucket size is as small as possible .

In order to obtain optimum results , however , there is no substitute for a carefully user-designed and written system .
in order to obtain [best] results , however , there is no substitute for a carefully user-designed and written system .

Luxuriating in the public attentions of such a suitor , she had drawn it out too much , perhaps , so that the final acceptance had come after the optimum moment .
luxuriating in the public attentions of such a suitor , she had drawn it out too much , perhaps , so that the final acceptance had come after the [best] moment .

It is interesting to ask how far the particular pattern that exists in each field is the optimum in curricular terms .
it is interesting to ask how far the particular pattern that exists in each field is the [best] in curricular terms .

The smallest number of people or groups is the optimum .
the smallest number of people or groups is the [best] .

The reconstruction and simplification of job profiles , 60 replacing 250 , to enable optimum flexibility and mobility of employees was negotiated at plant level .
the reconstruction and simplification of job profiles , 60 replacing 250 , to enable [best] flexibility and mobility of employees was negotiated at plant level .

In particular , lead time can be shortened through the optimum design of drawing release , purchasing strategies and fabrication procedures in the shop .
in particular , lead time can be shortened through the [best] design of drawing release , purchasing strategies and fabrication procedures in the shop .

Such a dynamic system is inherently unstable and has to be monitored and controlled in order that an optimum performance can be achieved .
such a dynamic system is inherently unstable and has to be monitored and controlled in order that an [best] performance can be achieved .

Here the aircraft component will have an acceptable mass and strength which will result in it having an optimum working life .
here the aircraft component will have an acceptable mass and strength which will result in it having an [best] working life .

Whilst the experiment was limited to trainee engineers and by the type of microcomputer used , the results of this investigation indicated that : 1 ) the mode of man-machine interaction which was most popular and has the fewest dissenters , was one in which the user directed the course of action , as in the modular program ; 2 ) a fast design time was most likely to be achieved by the use of an optimization technique ; 3 ) an optimum design was most likely to be achieved by a preprogrammed optimization technique , but only where the problem , design parameters and constraints were understood ; 4 ) the technique thought most likely to allow some gaining of insight was one in which the user has control of the program , as in the modular program .
whilst the experiment was limited to trainee engineers and by the type of microcomputer used , the results of this investigation indicated that : 1 ) the mode of man-machine interaction which was most popular and has the fewest dissenters , was one in which the user directed the course of action , as in the modular program ; 2 ) a fast design time was most likely to be achieved by the use of an optimization technique ; 3 ) an [best] design was most likely to be achieved by a preprogrammed optimization technique , but only where the problem , design parameters and constraints were understood ; 4 ) the technique thought most likely to allow some gaining of insight was one in which the user has control of the program , as in the modular program .

The combination of a graphics modeller with spatial and functional associativity would be likely to provide the optimum design tool .
the combination of a graphics modeller with spatial and functional associativity would be likely to provide the [best] design tool .

In this way , the eggs are maintained at the optimum temperature .
in this way , the eggs are maintained at the [best] temperature .

If they bend too much , the bee responds by moving its wings less strongly and so maintains an optimum speed .
if they bend too much , the bee responds by moving its wings less strongly and so maintains an [best] speed .

For optimum clarity at night , the eyes also need to be large .
for [best] clarity at night , the eyes also need to be large .

They are synergistic , which means they rely on each other in order to keep the body functioning at an optimum level .
they are synergistic , which means they rely on each other in order to keep the body functioning at an [best] level .

Those questions that you answered positively may well prove to be a threat to your ability to maintain a good figure and an optimum state of health .
those questions that you answered positively may well prove to be a threat to your ability to maintain a good figure and an [best] state of health .

It is a fact that exercise is of general benefit to people of all ages because it is necessary for the optimum function , structure and preservation of muscles , bones , joints , and the heart .
it is a fact that exercise is of general benefit to people of all ages because it is necessary for the [best] function , structure and preservation of muscles , bones , joints , and the heart .

Up to 10 per cent overweight and exercise occasionally If you are a little overweight for your height and are doing some moderate exercise each week , but agree that it 's not really optimum and you could be doing a lot better , you need to follow an `` improver `` programme .
up to 10 per cent overweight and exercise occasionally if you are a little overweight for your height and are doing some moderate exercise each week , but agree that it 's not really [best] and you could be doing a lot better , you need to follow an `` improver `` programme .

The chapter , and especially the Strategy , may seem to make the reading process far too time-consuming ; a sledgehammer to crack an historical nut ! Once mastered , however , it can be completed in minutes and ensure that you are reading at your optimum level .
the chapter , and especially the strategy , may seem to make the reading process far too time-consuming ; a sledgehammer to crack an historical nut ! once mastered , however , it can be completed in minutes and ensure that you are reading at your [best] level .

All the above may be modified by : For each given size of predator there will be an optimum size of prey .
all the above may be modified by : for each given size of predator there will be an [best] size of prey .

Predators have an optimum size range for prey items .
predators have an [best] size range for prey items .

These accommodated about thirty old people , which was originally considered the optimum size , but over the years purpose-built homes grew larger and up to seventy places became quite common .
these accommodated about thirty old people , which was originally considered the [best] size , but over the years purpose-built homes grew larger and up to seventy places became quite common .

Further studies are needed to address the dose equivalence of salmeterol and the optimum dose for long term treatment .
further studies are needed to address the dose equivalence of salmeterol and the [best] dose for long term treatment .

Though trials of screening for prostatic cancer are to be welcomed , surely a greater priority is to establish , through adequate clinical trials , the optimum management of localised prostatic cancer .
though trials of screening for prostatic cancer are to be welcomed , surely a greater priority is to establish , through adequate clinical trials , the [best] management of localised prostatic cancer .

With his film background , Verity Lambert saw in Barry a good technical brain , ingenious enough to overcome Doctor Who 's limited budget through inventiveness and by optimum use of what special effects were available at the time .
with his film background , verity lambert saw in barry a good technical brain , ingenious enough to overcome doctor who 's limited budget through inventiveness and by [best] use of what special effects were available at the time .

By lunchtime it was expected that the sit-down run throughs would be complete and timed to run an optimum length of twenty-four minutes , thirty seconds .
by lunchtime it was expected that the sit-down run throughs would be complete and timed to run an [best] length of twenty-four minutes , thirty seconds .

They are at maximum capacity , optimum power .
they are at maximum capacity , [best] power .

In Britain , at the very edge of its breeding range , it is living under less than optimum conditions .
in britain , at the very edge of its breeding range , it is living under less than [best] conditions .

The optimum values of these coefficients characterise the plant .
the [best] values of these coefficients characterise the plant .

The boat sails better with mast rake , the optimum length of the forestay being 62ft 3 ½″ ( 19m ) .
the boat sails better with mast rake , the [best] length of the forestay being 62ft 3 ½″ ( 19m ) .

In eight knots of true wind the optimum boat speed would be about 6.15 knots at a true wind angle of 44 ° .
in eight knots of true wind the [best] boat speed would be about 6.15 knots at a true wind angle of 44 ° .

In 14 knots of true wind , the optimum boat speed would be about 7.15 knots at a true wind angle of 40 ° .
in 14 knots of true wind , the [best] boat speed would be about 7.15 knots at a true wind angle of 40 ° .

When sailing downwind in light to medium winds , it is important to remember to sail the boat higher until the optimum boat speed is reached , at which time you can begin to work the boat down .
when sailing downwind in light to medium winds , it is important to remember to sail the boat higher until the [best] boat speed is reached , at which time you can begin to work the boat down .

5.1 c ) Models used to calculate the optimum outcomes from a specific set of variables .
5.1 c ) models used to calculate the [best] outcomes from a specific set of variables .

Whatever heightens the significance of this participation lifts adjudication towards its optimum expression .
whatever heightens the significance of this participation lifts adjudication towards its [best] expression .

Develop Optimum Solution
develop [best] solution

The optimum linking of the various stages is called the critical path .
the [best] linking of the various stages is called the critical path .

The ideal to be aimed at is to find the optimum way of balancing the costs of insufficient stock against the costs of holding stock ( tied-up capital , storage space , insurance , damage etc ) .
the ideal to be aimed at is to find the [best] way of balancing the costs of insufficient stock against the costs of holding stock ( tied-up capital , storage space , insurance , damage etc ) .

The role of maintenance in a production planning and control system is to so organize maintenance activities that production has the optimum availability of plant and machinery in the conduct of its operations , and that , if an unexpected breakdown occurs , it will be dealt with in the minimum possible time .
the role of maintenance in a production planning and control system is to so organize maintenance activities that production has the [best] availability of plant and machinery in the conduct of its operations , and that , if an unexpected breakdown occurs , it will be dealt with in the minimum possible time .

Thus maintenance can make an important contribution to containing machine running costs as well as ensuring optimum machine availability .
thus maintenance can make an important contribution to containing machine running costs as well as ensuring [best] machine availability .

This entails appraising and selecting appropriate suppliers , being well informed about the purchasing market , purchasing goods at optimum prices in terms of value , and maintaining adequate stock/inventory supplies .
this entails appraising and selecting appropriate suppliers , being well informed about the purchasing market , purchasing goods at [best] prices in terms of value , and maintaining adequate stock/inventory supplies .

One of the major problems associated with batch production is to determine the optimum size of batches , particularly where a generalised , rather than specific , demand for a product exists .
one of the major problems associated with batch production is to determine the [best] size of batches , particularly where a generalised , rather than specific , demand for a product exists .

Dark pigments in leaves and flowers contribute to warming ; their sparing use in spring leaves suggests that green pigments alone are sufficient to bring the leaves to optimum temperatures .
dark pigments in leaves and flowers contribute to warming ; their sparing use in spring leaves suggests that green pigments alone are sufficient to bring the leaves to [best] temperatures .

Do the figures suggest that there is an optimum size for groups ?
do the figures suggest that there is an [best] size for groups ?

Kaprun 's Optimum Sports Centre has two pools , one indoor and the other outside , as well as a sauna , restaurant , sun terrace and a water chute infested with chortling children .
kaprun 's [best] sports centre has two pools , one indoor and the other outside , as well as a sauna , restaurant , sun terrace and a water chute infested with chortling children .

Anna Coombes realised that the growing of healthy plants is much less a question of eliminating pests and diseases with chemicals than of providing optimum conditions for growth .
anna coombes realised that the growing of healthy plants is much less a question of eliminating pests and diseases with chemicals than of providing [best] conditions for growth .

For optimum safety , we recommend high factor numbers which have three or four stars .
for [best] safety , we recommend high factor numbers which have three or four stars .

Encourage 15 minutes of exercise three times a week , plus a healthy diet , for optimum results .
encourage 15 minutes of exercise three times a week , plus a healthy diet , for [best] results .

Encapsulated within the aqueous core of the liposome are active ingredients that improve cellular cohesion and re-establish the optimum moisture level in the epidermis .
encapsulated within the aqueous core of the liposome are active ingredients that improve cellular cohesion and re-establish the [best] moisture level in the epidermis .

The contingency approach states that while a particular structure may create optimum efficiency in an organisation , this ideal structure will vary according to the internal and external conditions of each organisation .
the contingency approach states that while a particular structure may create [best] efficiency in an organisation , this ideal structure will vary according to the internal and external conditions of each organisation .

Thus the optimum conditions for coastal terrace development would seem to be areas with small tidal ranges .
thus the [best] conditions for coastal terrace development would seem to be areas with small tidal ranges .

According to Stoddart most reef corals grow at depths of less than 25 m ( 12 fathoms ) and optimum growth conditions appear at depths of less than 10 m ( 5 fathoms ) .
according to stoddart most reef corals grow at depths of less than 25 m ( 12 fathoms ) and [best] growth conditions appear at depths of less than 10 m ( 5 fathoms ) .

We and our advisors are now working with the Department of Trade and Industry and its advisors to determine the optimum way forward .
we and our advisors are now working with the department of trade and industry and its advisors to determine the [best] way forward .

This ensures optimum boiler performance and efficiencies are maintained at all flue lengths .
this ensures [best] boiler performance and efficiencies are maintained at all flue lengths .

This in part reflects the view of a majority of colleges that they have now reached the optimum size for operating as a cohesive academic unit and do not envisage any growth of total student numbers ( although of these a significant proportion has indicated that they wish to change the ‘ mix ’ of students , by admitting more graduate students in place of undergraduates ) .
this in part reflects the view of a majority of colleges that they have now reached the [best] size for operating as a cohesive academic unit and do not envisage any growth of total student numbers ( although of these a significant proportion has indicated that they wish to change the ‘ mix ’ of students , by admitting more graduate students in place of undergraduates ) .

Greening the Machinery of Government suggests that this duty should include ensuring an optimum use of natural resources , reduction in waste , and the enforcement of the `` polluter pays `` principle .
greening the machinery of government suggests that this duty should include ensuring an [best] use of natural resources , reduction in waste , and the enforcement of the `` polluter pays `` principle .

The optimum point of balance is to resolve the coherence of the text as quickly as possible .
the [best] point of balance is to resolve the coherence of the text as quickly as possible .

a passenger seat with a ‘ relax ’ setting in which the cushion reclines along with the backrest to provide optimum comfort
a passenger seat with a ‘ relax ’ setting in which the cushion reclines along with the backrest to provide [best] comfort

This idea of an optimum arousal level which may easily be upset by under- or overstimulating conditions has also been put forward by Venables ( 1964 ) .
this idea of an [best] arousal level which may easily be upset by under- or overstimulating conditions has also been put forward by venables ( 1964 ) .

They attack high-protein leaves , more acidic ones having less available protein , the optimum pH for the fungus ( pH 5 ) being reached when the material is mixed with the ants ' acidic faeces : then the fungus can break down the hydrolysable tannin/protein complexes .
they attack high-protein leaves , more acidic ones having less available protein , the [best] ph for the fungus ( ph 5 ) being reached when the material is mixed with the ants ' acidic faeces : then the fungus can break down the hydrolysable tannin/protein complexes .

Crossing with other such genotypes inevitably leads to the breakdown of this optimum ( hence the name ) and formation of new genotypes to be filtered by the new conditions .
crossing with other such genotypes inevitably leads to the breakdown of this [best] ( hence the name ) and formation of new genotypes to be filtered by the new conditions .

Since this eighteen million metres of film is stored on nitrate media , which is highly flammable and prone to disintegrate under anything but the most optimum storage conditions , 20th Century-Fox has begun digitising it .
since this eighteen million metres of film is stored on nitrate media , which is highly flammable and prone to disintegrate under anything but the most [best] storage conditions , 20th century-fox has begun digitising it .

There is no apparent consensus about their optimum position within the organisation .
there is no apparent consensus about their [best] position within the organisation .

Although it may be beneficial to address this point at this stage rather than leave it to the flotation , the alternative argument is that such matters can only be decided at the time of flotation when the parties are better able to assess what is commercially necessary to achieve an optimum result .
although it may be beneficial to address this point at this stage rather than leave it to the flotation , the alternative argument is that such matters can only be decided at the time of flotation when the parties are better able to assess what is commercially necessary to achieve an [best] result .

Bentham also gave consideration to the notion of an optimum size for establishments which , in the case of the Panopticon , he set at 2000 `` hands `` ( Hume , 1981 p 142 ) .
bentham also gave consideration to the notion of an [best] size for establishments which , in the case of the panopticon , he set at 2000 `` hands `` ( hume , 1981 p 142 ) .

Now he was whirling his sabre in a novel manner , invented by himself to give optimum performance in hand-to-hand combat , and which suggested the sails of a windmill .
now he was whirling his sabre in a novel manner , invented by himself to give [best] performance in hand-to-hand combat , and which suggested the sails of a windmill .

However , in the optimum method a computer is required to scan all elements available , i.e .
however , in the [best] method a computer is required to scan all elements available , i.e .

How do we proceed to find optimum values of the coefficients ?
how do we proceed to find [best] values of the coefficients ?

Each constituency would return from three to nine members , five being generally regarded as the optimum number .
each constituency would return from three to nine members , five being generally regarded as the [best] number .

Finding the optimum location is largely a matter of trial and error , but aim to place them where they can not be seen upside-down ( i.e .
finding the [best] location is largely a matter of trial and error , but aim to place them where they can not be seen upside-down ( i.e .

Although initial studies using this technique have shown promise , further tests are required to determine the optimum settings for the various parameters .
although initial studies using this technique have shown promise , further tests are required to determine the [best] settings for the various parameters .

It is necessary to identify the effect of these variables on the performance of the semantic analyser , and to determine the values by which optimum performance is obtained .
it is necessary to identify the effect of these variables on the performance of the semantic analyser , and to determine the values by which [best] performance is obtained .

However , when other parameters are varied it may transpire that the optimum window size varies as well .
however , when other parameters are varied it may transpire that the [best] window size varies as well .

: To determine the optimum settings for a range of parameters associated with the overlap algorithm .
: to determine the [best] settings for a range of parameters associated with the overlap algorithm .

to investigate one , find the optimum , set this as the default , and then turn to the next parameter .
to investigate one , find the [best] , set this as the default , and then turn to the next parameter .

Much debate has centred on the optimum method of administration of high does of interleukin-2 .
much debate has centred on the [best] method of administration of high does of interleukin-2 .

As longevity increases , one way to promote optimum health in the elderly population is through active use of each body system .
as longevity increases , one way to promote [best] health in the elderly population is through active use of each body system .

About eighteen inches is the optimum distance between eye and page .
about eighteen inches is the [best] distance between eye and page .

There is much debate about the optimum span of control .
there is much debate about the [best] span of control .

Nature does not differentiate between species , and has arranged the life cycle of gut parasites to match the optimum opportunity to infest a very new and , immunologically ‘ naive ’ generation .
nature does not differentiate between species , and has arranged the life cycle of gut parasites to match the [best] opportunity to infest a very new and , immunologically ‘ naive ’ generation .

For any given program there is an optimum or efficient memory usage for an environment in which many programs are competing for the limited available real memory .
for any given program there is an [best] or efficient memory usage for an environment in which many programs are competing for the limited available real memory .

The optimum use of the micro in these ways needs further research .
the [best] use of the micro in these ways needs further research .

The more complicated the decision space of the program , the more sophisticated will be the optimum driving system which may ultimately need most of the features of the full graphics-oriented database management system .
the more complicated the decision space of the program , the more sophisticated will be the [best] driving system which may ultimately need most of the features of the full graphics-oriented database management system .

The best age for superovulation is usually in the range of 3 — 5 weeks the optimum for a given genotype being within 4–6 days .
the best age for superovulation is usually in the range of 3 — 5 weeks the [best] for a given genotype being within 4–6 days .

For optimum cell functioning , blood pH is usually 7.4 .
for [best] cell functioning , blood ph is usually 7.4 .

Action taken to determine the desired nursing establishment levels should indicate the optimum manpower profile for each ward and unit .
action taken to determine the desired nursing establishment levels should indicate the [best] manpower profile for each ward and unit .

The optimum balance between full- and part-time staff will differ widely , dependent on workload at particular times of the day and the established pattern of working hours in each location .
the [best] balance between full- and part-time staff will differ widely , dependent on workload at particular times of the day and the established pattern of working hours in each location .

The manager adjusts recruitment activity to create optimum balance between the number of full-time and part-time staff .
the manager adjusts recruitment activity to create [best] balance between the number of full-time and part-time staff .

Following the receipt of requests from staff and the allocation of leave as a result , will there be an optimum spread of staff available throughout the year ?
following the receipt of requests from staff and the allocation of leave as a result , will there be an [best] spread of staff available throughout the year ?

Allowing time for handover and meal breaks , what is the optimum time required for the afternoon overlap of shifts ?
allowing time for handover and meal breaks , what is the [best] time required for the afternoon overlap of shifts ?

Armed with this new information , Wendy and Mark tried another clinic which used an ovulation kit to pinpoint optimum insemination time .
armed with this new information , wendy and mark tried another clinic which used an ovulation kit to pinpoint [best] insemination time .

Some encouraging laboratory and clinical studies suggest that pre-emptive analgesia does reduce pain after surgery , but the optimum choices of agents and timing required for a clinically useful effect remain to be established .
some encouraging laboratory and clinical studies suggest that pre-emptive analgesia does reduce pain after surgery , but the [best] choices of agents and timing required for a clinically useful effect remain to be established .

Although today 's mile and a quarter looks his optimum trip , trainer Geoff Wragg believes he will stay further .
although today 's mile and a quarter looks his [best] trip , trainer geoff wragg believes he will stay further .

The optimum utilisation of space is constantly under review and the benefits of central timetabling of all lecture theatres and teaching rooms are being exploited to the full .
the [best] utilisation of space is constantly under review and the benefits of central timetabling of all lecture theatres and teaching rooms are being exploited to the full .

Work is being undertaken on the feeding behaviour of ungulates and how feed quality affects optimum body size , a topic of both ecological and agricultural importance .
work is being undertaken on the feeding behaviour of ungulates and how feed quality affects [best] body size , a topic of both ecological and agricultural importance .

The champions of optimum treatment irrespective of age point to the surprising number of years of expected life even at advanced ages ( for example , about 5 years for a healthy 87-year-old American woman ) and to moral entitlements accrued over years of work , tax paying , family rearing , and possibly military service .
the champions of [best] treatment irrespective of age point to the surprising number of years of expected life even at advanced ages ( for example , about 5 years for a healthy 87-year-old american woman ) and to moral entitlements accrued over years of work , tax paying , family rearing , and possibly military service .

Evans has drawn attention to the danger of discrimination by specialty in a cost-obsessed climate , so that ‘ a geriatrician may face the nightmare that the specialty dedicated to providing old people with the best of hospital care will become an impediment to their obtaining it ’ , even though an investment in optimum treatment often yields rich dividends through the avoidance of expensive long-term dependency .
evans has drawn attention to the danger of discrimination by specialty in a cost-obsessed climate , so that ‘ a geriatrician may face the nightmare that the specialty dedicated to providing old people with the best of hospital care will become an impediment to their obtaining it ’ , even though an investment in [best] treatment often yields rich dividends through the avoidance of expensive long-term dependency .

While research dealing with the optimum length of hospital stay is sparse , significantly fewer relapses are seen in patients who complete an inpatient programme and are discharged at a normal weight than in those who leave prematurely .
while research dealing with the [best] length of hospital stay is sparse , significantly fewer relapses are seen in patients who complete an inpatient programme and are discharged at a normal weight than in those who leave prematurely .

Oncologists routinely review histological sections to ensure that optimum treatment is given .
oncologists routinely review histological sections to ensure that [best] treatment is given .

In the above analysis , if there are economies of scale in the production of the good , this will influence the optimum size of the locality .
in the above analysis , if there are economies of scale in the production of the good , this will influence the [best] size of the locality .

Here , following Musgrave and Musgrave ( 1989 ) , our objective is to show how this theory can be applied to the question of the optimum size of local authorities .
here , following musgrave and musgrave ( 1989 ) , our objective is to show how this theory can be applied to the question of the [best] size of local authorities .

By ‘ optimum ’ we mean efficient , and by size we refer to the number of residents and the total expenditure on local public goods .
by ‘ [best] ’ we mean efficient , and by size we refer to the number of residents and the total expenditure on local public goods .

As noted in our discussion of the optimum size of clubs , the arrival of an additional individual reduces the taxes that existing residents have to pay to finance a given level of expenditure .
as noted in our discussion of the [best] size of clubs , the arrival of an additional individual reduces the taxes that existing residents have to pay to finance a given level of expenditure .

Ignoring problems of congestion , it is argued that a welfare optimum requires
ignoring problems of congestion , it is argued that a welfare [best] requires

Free migration will result in an optimum only if that is , if the total tax bill for a marginal individual is the same in the two regions .
free migration will result in an [best] only if that is , if the total tax bill for a marginal individual is the same in the two regions .

However , it is worth noting that , as long as taxes in each locality are a declining function of the number of districts , as for example with equal shares , the optimum size of project for each locality increases with the number of districts , other things equal .
however , it is worth noting that , as long as taxes in each locality are a declining function of the number of districts , as for example with equal shares , the [best] size of project for each locality increases with the number of districts , other things equal .

As noted in the introduction to this chapter , the theory of fiscal federalism , which tries to explain the rationale for , and the optimum size of , local government , can appear rather removed from the historical and political accidents that have helped to shape the pattern and prerogatives of state and local government .
as noted in the introduction to this chapter , the theory of fiscal federalism , which tries to explain the rationale for , and the [best] size of , local government , can appear rather removed from the historical and political accidents that have helped to shape the pattern and prerogatives of state and local government .

For a process to be economically viable it is essential that the optimum yield of desired product is obtained from the raw materials .
for a process to be economically viable it is essential that the [best] yield of desired product is obtained from the raw materials .

The optimum yield is not necessarily the theoretical yield or even the maximum possible yield .
the [best] yield is not necessarily the theoretical yield or even the maximum possible yield .

The method of financing should ensure the optimum solution .
the method of financing should ensure the [best] solution .

During 1988 [ name ] undertook the disposal of all its retail outlets following a detailed market research survey which suggested that showrooms were no longer the optimum sales medium for [ name ] products .
during 1988 [ name ] undertook the disposal of all its retail outlets following a detailed market research survey which suggested that showrooms were no longer the [best] sales medium for [ name ] products .

To achieve anything approaching optimum effectiveness in the ‘ technological office ’ , it is logical that the environment should be treated as an important part of the process .
to achieve anything approaching [best] effectiveness in the ‘ technological office ’ , it is logical that the environment should be treated as an important part of the process .

He said that until ‘ scandalous ’ loopholes in the extradition laws were blocked , condemnations of terrorism and expressions of condolence for victims of the violence fell short of being the optimum Irish response .
he said that until ‘ scandalous ’ loopholes in the extradition laws were blocked , condemnations of terrorism and expressions of condolence for victims of the violence fell short of being the [best] irish response .

Although the optimum phase resistance can be calculated , in practice it is a fairly simple matter to determine the optimum experimentally .
although the [best] phase resistance can be calculated , in practice it is a fairly simple matter to determine the [best] experimentally .

This difference in torque capability also applies to variable-reluctance stepping motors and is very significant in determining optimum velocity profiles ( Section 6.3 ) .
this difference in torque capability also applies to variable-reluctance stepping motors and is very significant in determining [best] velocity profiles ( section 6.3 ) .

The timing of phase control signals for optimum open-loop performance is reasonably straightforward if the load parameters are substantially constant with time .
the timing of phase control signals for [best] open-loop performance is reasonably straightforward if the load parameters are substantially constant with time .

For example , an exponential ramp may be required for optimum acceleration , but its implementation is expensive and so the designer may compromise with a linear ramp , which is available at very low cost .
for example , an exponential ramp may be required for [best] acceleration , but its implementation is expensive and so the designer may compromise with a linear ramp , which is available at very low cost .

The look.up table entries can be calculated , using the methods described in Section 6.3 to determine the optimum velocity profile .
the look.up table entries can be calculated , using the methods described in section 6.3 to determine the [best] velocity profile .

As long as the pull-out torque of the motor is constant with speed , the rate of acceleration is constant ( as in example of Section 6.3 ) and a linear ramp produces optimum performance from the system .
as long as the pull-out torque of the motor is constant with speed , the rate of acceleration is constant ( as in example of section 6.3 ) and a linear ramp produces [best] performance from the system .

At low operating speeds the optimum detected position can be deduced from the static torque/rotor position characteristic for the excitation scheme being employed .
at low operating speeds the [best] detected position can be deduced from the static torque/rotor position characteristic for the excitation scheme being employed .

At this speed the optimum switching angle is 6 degrees and therefore the choice of switching angle is limited to the range 0–6 degrees .
at this speed the [best] switching angle is 6 degrees and therefore the choice of switching angle is limited to the range 0–6 degrees .

However a rough estimate of optimum switching angle can be obtained if the three torque/speed characteristics are approximated by constant torques , effective up to the maximum speed for each angle : The time taken and number of steps executed during acceleration to the maximum speed may be calculated , since for a constant torque , For constant accelerating torque the instantaneous velocity is proportional to time and therefore the distance travelled during acceleration is simply : so for each switching angle the acceleration time and distance can be found : The time taken to travel a total distance of 60 steps can be calculated for each switching angle , e.g .
however a rough estimate of [best] switching angle can be obtained if the three torque/speed characteristics are approximated by constant torques , effective up to the maximum speed for each angle : the time taken and number of steps executed during acceleration to the maximum speed may be calculated , since for a constant torque , for constant accelerating torque the instantaneous velocity is proportional to time and therefore the distance travelled during acceleration is simply : so for each switching angle the acceleration time and distance can be found : the time taken to travel a total distance of 60 steps can be calculated for each switching angle , e.g .

More detailed calculations ( taking into account the variation of torque with speed ) for angles of 3 and 6 degrees would reveal the optimum setting for the switching angle .
more detailed calculations ( taking into account the variation of torque with speed ) for angles of 3 and 6 degrees would reveal the [best] setting for the switching angle .

In Section 6.4.1 , for example , with microprocessor.based open.loop control it is possible to specify the duration of each step and the optimum velocity profile can be followed very closely .
in section 6.4.1 , for example , with microprocessor.based open.loop control it is possible to specify the duration of each step and the [best] velocity profile can be followed very closely .

The optimum velocity profile can be found from the pull-out torque/speed characteristics of the motor and load , using the analytical techniques described in Chapter 6 .
the [best] velocity profile can be found from the pull-out torque/speed characteristics of the motor and load , using the analytical techniques described in chapter 6 .

For optimum open-loop operation the velocity profile for acceleration is an approximate exponential function of time and for deceleration a `` reverse exponential `` is needed [ Fig .
for [best] open-loop operation the velocity profile for acceleration is an approximate exponential function of time and for deceleration a `` reverse exponential `` is needed [ fig .

The optimum ramp gradient and stepping rate limit depend on the number of steps to be executed ( see following example ) and , in principle , the function generator characteristics could be made to depend on the target position information .
the [best] ramp gradient and stepping rate limit depend on the number of steps to be executed ( see following example ) and , in principle , the function generator characteristics could be made to depend on the target position information .

Kenjo and Takahashi ( 1980 ) describe a printer character-wheel control which produces movements of up to 200 character positions in minimum The system learns the optimum point for deceleration initiation for each movement by making several attempts , which give successively better results .
kenjo and takahashi ( 1980 ) describe a printer character-wheel control which produces movements of up to 200 character positions in minimum the system learns the [best] point for deceleration initiation for each movement by making several attempts , which give successively better results .

Watts has the technique of being able to get the best out of a horse , whether he is a sprinter or a stayer , yet finding the optimum trip for his horses remains one of the most taxing problems .
watts has the technique of being able to get the best out of a horse , whether he is a sprinter or a stayer , yet finding the [best] trip for his horses remains one of the most taxing problems .

Thus polyisobutylene might be expected to crystallize because the chain is symmetrical , but it will only do so if maintained at an optimum temperature for several months .
thus polyisobutylene might be expected to crystallize because the chain is symmetrical , but it will only do so if maintained at an [best] temperature for several months .

This calls for high levels of skill in design and production and the necessity for the two functions to co-operate to produce an optimum result .
this calls for high levels of skill in design and production and the necessity for the two functions to co-operate to produce an [best] result .

From this information the design limits for any manufactured item can be set to the economic optimum .
from this information the design limits for any manufactured item can be set to the economic [best] .

This need not , however , suggest ( as Saunders sometimes does indeed imply ) that owner-occupation is at all times and in all places an optimum means of gaining control over one 's own life .
this need not , however , suggest ( as saunders sometimes does indeed imply ) that owner-occupation is at all times and in all places an [best] means of gaining control over one 's own life .

An `` optimum `` rate of population growth could be considered one which while it increases the labour supply , is not so fast as to outgrow the supportive powers of the economy and prevent income per head from rising .
an `` [best] `` rate of population growth could be considered one which while it increases the labour supply , is not so fast as to outgrow the supportive powers of the economy and prevent income per head from rising .

near the optimum viewing angle .
near the [best] viewing angle .

In this experiment the optimum 60° polar view angle was not used , since suitable support equipment was not available at the time .
in this experiment the [best] 60° polar view angle was not used , since suitable support equipment was not available at the time .

In either case , at the borders and with slight variation in the illumination , it is possible that the exposure is slightly higher or lower than the optimum value for the current conditions .
in either case , at the borders and with slight variation in the illumination , it is possible that the exposure is slightly higher or lower than the [best] value for the current conditions .

For the UB-level the algorithm is more sophisticated and two subsidiary procedures coefficients and optimum are called .
for the ub-level the algorithm is more sophisticated and two subsidiary procedures coefficients and [best] are called .

The optimum value , as discussed elsewhere , is the point where the gradient of the measure versus exposure graph is minimum .
the [best] value , as discussed elsewhere , is the point where the gradient of the measure versus exposure graph is minimum .

Simulated annealing uses random perturbations to shake the parameter values out of a local optimum so that globally optimal values may be found .
simulated annealing uses random perturbations to shake the parameter values out of a local [best] so that globally optimal values may be found .

Will he consider conducting an inquiry into what the optimum pupil-teacher ratio should be for each age of children , because that ratio will differ ?
will he consider conducting an inquiry into what the [best] pupil-teacher ratio should be for each age of children , because that ratio will differ ?

Has not the time come , however , to evaluate the optimum pupil-teacher ratio for pupils at any given age , with a view to establishing it ?
has not the time come , however , to evaluate the [best] pupil-teacher ratio for pupils at any given age , with a view to establishing it ?

The idea of trying to work out an optimum ratio is interesting , and we should like to think about it further .
the idea of trying to work out an [best] ratio is interesting , and we should like to think about it further .

Aaron and McGuire ( 1970 ) derived from assumptions about individual utility functions and the procedure determining public goods supply an explicit allocation formula , which values the ith person 's consumption of the public good at his marginal rate of substitution between the public good and income ( using the conditions for the optimum supply of the public good discussed in Lecture 16 ) .
aaron and mcguire ( 1970 ) derived from assumptions about individual utility functions and the procedure determining public goods supply an explicit allocation formula , which values the ith person 's consumption of the public good at his marginal rate of substitution between the public good and income ( using the conditions for the [best] supply of the public good discussed in lecture 16 ) .

In more realistic models the optimum value for γ 2 would depend upon the structural parameters of the economy .
in more realistic models the [best] value for γ 2 would depend upon the structural parameters of the economy .

For example , if we had assumed in the above model that where is a fraction , then the optimum value for γ 2 would be a complex function of and .
for example , if we had assumed in the above model that where is a fraction , then the [best] value for γ 2 would be a complex function of and .

In fact , in the simple case above , the optimum setting for this parameter is - 1 , for then aggregate demand shocks cause no change in either actual or full information output .
in fact , in the simple case above , the [best] setting for this parameter is - 1 , for then aggregate demand shocks cause no change in either actual or full information output .

It will be seen from this that there are significant differences in terms of individual 's abilities to approach the optimum and to improve with repetition .
it will be seen from this that there are significant differences in terms of individual 's abilities to approach the [best] and to improve with repetition .

One could speculate that behaviour would continue to improve , although at a decreasing rate , with it perhaps approaching a plateau somewhere below the optimum ; one might also want to speculate that there would be different plateaus for different people — reflecting the ‘ fact ’ that some individuals are better decision-makers than others .
one could speculate that behaviour would continue to improve , although at a decreasing rate , with it perhaps approaching a plateau somewhere below the [best] ; one might also want to speculate that there would be different plateaus for different people — reflecting the ‘ fact ’ that some individuals are better decision-makers than others .

The optimum time must be determined by trial and error .
the [best] time must be determined by trial and error .

Since the optics of the microscope are arranged for white light , where each wavelength is brought to a slightly different focus , optimum resolution in monochrome photographs is obtained by employing a medium density green filter ( selecting a wavelength in the middle of the range ) .
since the optics of the microscope are arranged for white light , where each wavelength is brought to a slightly different focus , [best] resolution in monochrome photographs is obtained by employing a medium density green filter ( selecting a wavelength in the middle of the range ) .

To maintain optimum transmissivity , it is also vital to keep viewing windows clean .
to maintain [best] transmissivity , it is also vital to keep viewing windows clean .

Find the actual dimensions of a ‘ standard ’ Cola can . Why do you think the standard Cola can is n't the same size as the optimum size ( minimum surface area ) of a 330ml can ?
find the actual dimensions of a ‘ standard ’ cola can . why do you think the standard cola can is n't the same size as the [best] size ( minimum surface area ) of a 330ml can ?

evaluation of required operator decision making and the optimum balance between the human and automatic contributions to safety actions
evaluation of required operator decision making and the [best] balance between the human and automatic contributions to safety actions

Most subject indexing procedures have to try to reconcile such factors , so as to achieve the optimum balance of relevance and recall appropriate to the particular scheme .
most subject indexing procedures have to try to reconcile such factors , so as to achieve the [best] balance of relevance and recall appropriate to the particular scheme .

Naturally , to gain the optimum food results , it is always useful to understand a few fundamentals of an oven , including the engine , the latest Mealstream ovens being a far cry from the 1968 version in terms of safety , design and performance specification .
naturally , to gain the [best] food results , it is always useful to understand a few fundamentals of an oven , including the engine , the latest mealstream ovens being a far cry from the 1968 version in terms of safety , design and performance specification .

The highest quality food results can be achieved and the oven has been designed to give optimum performance in this function .
the highest quality food results can be achieved and the oven has been designed to give [best] performance in this function .

The combination of these methods provides optimum cooking quality and shorter cooking times of up to five times less than conventional methods .
the combination of these methods provides [best] cooking quality and shorter cooking times of up to five times less than conventional methods .

Our brief has been to provide distribution equipment that will maintain prepared food at the correct temperature to the point of consumption , so that the consumer receives optimum quality at the optimum levels of hygiene .
our brief has been to provide distribution equipment that will maintain prepared food at the correct temperature to the point of consumption , so that the consumer receives [best] quality at the [best] levels of hygiene .

The right mat provides the optimum combination of safety , comfort , drainage , quality and durability for each particular application . Specifically , the food service professional 's premiere concerns would be :
the right mat provides the [best] combination of safety , comfort , drainage , quality and durability for each particular application . specifically , the food service professional 's premiere concerns would be :

The equivalent of an admissible algorithm in a distributed processing system would be one that was guaranteed to settle into an optimum stable state .
the equivalent of an admissible algorithm in a distributed processing system would be one that was guaranteed to settle into an [best] stable state .

It is important to choose a phoneme graph depth which is optimum from both the acoustic-phonetic and syntax/semantics point of view .
it is important to choose a phoneme graph depth which is [best] from both the acoustic-phonetic and syntax/semantics point of view .

Walker suggests that if there is an optimum age for mature students it is likely to be in the late twenties .
walker suggests that if there is an [best] age for mature students it is likely to be in the late twenties .

The bearing of children within favourable age limits and at optimum intervals and the restriction of their numbers promotes by no means ensures child health and well-being .
the bearing of children within favourable age limits and at [best] intervals and the restriction of their numbers promotes by no means ensures child health and well-being .

It is noteworthy that , whereas the demographic conditions of optimum childbearing can be largely , though not entirely , controlled , parents and individuals are unable to regulate at will the socio-economic and environmental circumstances that affect infant and child health and mortality and , by inference , optimum conditions of childbearing .
it is noteworthy that , whereas the demographic conditions of [best] childbearing can be largely , though not entirely , controlled , parents and individuals are unable to regulate at will the socio-economic and environmental circumstances that affect infant and child health and mortality and , by inference , [best] conditions of childbearing .

If everything is working at its optimum level with no spare fat then it is all rather brittle because there are no cushions to absorb changes and downturns .
if everything is working at its [best] level with no spare fat then it is all rather brittle because there are no cushions to absorb changes and downturns .

Planners design the optimum plans for optimum conditions .
planners design the [best] plans for [best] conditions .

It was agreed that there should be further investigation into optimum methods of publicising such an event in the future , and it was noted that setting up a central diary of events might help to reduce the chances of conflicting or uncomfortably close dates for similar events being chosen .
it was agreed that there should be further investigation into [best] methods of publicising such an event in the future , and it was noted that setting up a central diary of events might help to reduce the chances of conflicting or uncomfortably close dates for similar events being chosen .

This , however , needs patient cooperation , depends upon bowel frequency and for optimum results requires granulocyte purification which is time consuming .
this , however , needs patient cooperation , depends upon bowel frequency and for [best] results requires granulocyte purification which is time consuming .

Optimum separation between the groups was attained with a threshold scan score of 20 .
[best] separation between the groups was attained with a threshold scan score of 20 .

The introduction of the ‘ Spaceman ’ programme , which allows retailers to computer-plan the optimum use of available display space , is a good example of the trade support expertise for which United Distillers is rapidly becoming known .
the introduction of the ‘ spaceman ’ programme , which allows retailers to computer-plan the [best] use of available display space , is a good example of the trade support expertise for which united distillers is rapidly becoming known .

However , if homogeneous expectations and portfolio opportunities are assumed there will be only one optimum portfolio when the market is in equilibrium .
however , if homogeneous expectations and portfolio opportunities are assumed there will be only one [best] portfolio when the market is in equilibrium .

Therefore , the overall cost of capital will fall and the value of the firm will be maximized at some optimum capital structure .
therefore , the overall cost of capital will fall and the value of the firm will be maximized at some [best] capital structure .

This optimum is not 100 per cent debt financing as equity is regarded as a safety cushion which will absorb any losses which might be incurred during the ordinary course of trading and/or liquidation .
this [best] is not 100 per cent debt financing as equity is regarded as a safety cushion which will absorb any losses which might be incurred during the ordinary course of trading and/or liquidation .

Modigliani and Miller begin their discussion of equity valuation by looking at the effect of dividends on the current prices of shares , ‘ Do companies with generous distribution policies consistently sell at a premium over those with niggardly payouts ? Is the reverse ever true ? If so , under what conditions ? Is there an optimum payout ratio or range of ratios that maximizes the current worth of shares ? ’
modigliani and miller begin their discussion of equity valuation by looking at the effect of dividends on the current prices of shares , ‘ do companies with generous distribution policies consistently sell at a premium over those with niggardly payouts ? is the reverse ever true ? if so , under what conditions ? is there an [best] payout ratio or range of ratios that maximizes the current worth of shares ? ’

To investigate thoroughly the work of all departments within the school in order to encourage optimum performance .
to investigate thoroughly the work of all departments within the school in order to encourage [best] performance .

This calls for high levels of skill in design and production and the necessity for the two functions to co-operate to produce an optimum result .
this calls for high levels of skill in design and production and the necessity for the two functions to co-operate to produce an [best] result .

From this information the design limits for any manufactured item can be set to the economic optimum .
from this information the design limits for any manufactured item can be set to the economic [best] .

We know exactly how to change their feed day by day to produce optimum growth .
we know exactly how to change their feed day by day to produce [best] growth .

This tends to confirm the findings of psychologists who report an optimum memory faculty for five items in any one dimension .
this tends to confirm the findings of psychologists who report an [best] memory faculty for five items in any one dimension .

The optimum distance of the target depends upon the energy of the arrow .
the [best] distance of the target depends upon the energy of the arrow .

There is not even an optimum number of meals or snacks that should be eaten each day .
there is not even an [best] number of meals or snacks that should be eaten each day .

The decisions you make concerning the right goals for you will depend on your current weight , your optimum weight , and the eating and exercise habits you recorded in your preparation phase .
the decisions you make concerning the right goals for you will depend on your current weight , your [best] weight , and the eating and exercise habits you recorded in your preparation phase .

Advances in electronic and micro processors enabling fuel to be delivered in the right quantity and at the optimum time in the combustion process now allow an efficiency to be achieved that Dr Rudolf Diesel could never have dreamed of in 1892 .
advances in electronic and micro processors enabling fuel to be delivered in the right quantity and at the [best] time in the combustion process now allow an efficiency to be achieved that dr rudolf diesel could never have dreamed of in 1892 .

Whitehall market forces have produced an optimum balance in the allocation of resources between the three Services .
whitehall market forces have produced an [best] balance in the allocation of resources between the three services .

It was generally assumed that they would probably prove to be complementary to each other , but what the optimum mix would be was far from clear .
it was generally assumed that they would probably prove to be complementary to each other , but what the [best] mix would be was far from clear .

One of the assumptions underlying the idea of a Pareto optimum is that private costs and benefits are the same as social costs and benefits .
one of the assumptions underlying the idea of a pareto [best] is that private costs and benefits are the same as social costs and benefits .

And how frequently and how long should you exercise for optimum effect ?
and how frequently and how long should you exercise for [best] effect ?

That repository of all sports science wisdom , the American College of Sports Medicine , recently re-released its position paper on how to achieve optimum physical fitness — making several changes from its 1978 study .
that repository of all sports science wisdom , the american college of sports medicine , recently re-released its position paper on how to achieve [best] physical fitness — making several changes from its 1978 study .

Optimum efficiency is gained by an intensity level of 60 to 90 per cent of maximum heart rate , or 50 to 80 per cent of maximum oxygen use .
[best] efficiency is gained by an intensity level of 60 to 90 per cent of maximum heart rate , or 50 to 80 per cent of maximum oxygen use .

They maintain an optimum body temperature by alternatively moving from a hot spot to a cooler one and back again throughout the day .
they maintain an [best] body temperature by alternatively moving from a hot spot to a cooler one and back again throughout the day .

Optimum Sports Centre : Indoor and outdoor pools , sauna , solarium , massage rooms and outside whirlpool .
[best] sports centre : indoor and outdoor pools , sauna , solarium , massage rooms and outside whirlpool .

It helps to co-ordinate resources ( especially people ) and processes , facilitating the optimum use of resources and time .
it helps to co-ordinate resources ( especially people ) and processes , facilitating the [best] use of resources and time .

Results are obtained but at the cost of personal relationships and the outcomes are not necessarily the optimum possible .
results are obtained but at the cost of personal relationships and the outcomes are not necessarily the [best] possible .

The mating systems of these animals are often dependent upon the dispersion patterns of the females and these in turn are related to patterns of optimum food exploitation .
the mating systems of these animals are often dependent upon the dispersion patterns of the females and these in turn are related to patterns of [best] food exploitation .

This takes us back to explanations similar to those suggested for the variation in group size early in these studies ( Crook and Gartlan 1966 ) but these do not account for the massive gregariousness of the species under optimum conditions when a more even dispersion of the population would reduce the costs of foraging .
this takes us back to explanations similar to those suggested for the variation in group size early in these studies ( crook and gartlan 1966 ) but these do not account for the massive gregariousness of the species under [best] conditions when a more even dispersion of the population would reduce the costs of foraging .

You need a seat which supports your back and the book should be at the right distance from your eyes ( the optimum reading distance is between 15 and 22 inches from your eyes ) .
you need a seat which supports your back and the book should be at the right distance from your eyes ( the [best] reading distance is between 15 and 22 inches from your eyes ) .

In the few cases where the church plan diverges from the conventional arrangement by including only a single side aisle rather than the normal two , this volume , rather than the nave space , can be used to accommodate the dwellings access corridor , although it is noteworthy that in the conversion of St James 's Church , Farnham , Surrey , which is also described in this chapter , the optimum cross-sectional treatment of such an asymmetrical plan placed the longitudinal access corridor in the former nave space , the aisle projection being used to accommodate living-rooms .
in the few cases where the church plan diverges from the conventional arrangement by including only a single side aisle rather than the normal two , this volume , rather than the nave space , can be used to accommodate the dwellings access corridor , although it is noteworthy that in the conversion of st james 's church , farnham , surrey , which is also described in this chapter , the [best] cross-sectional treatment of such an asymmetrical plan placed the longitudinal access corridor in the former nave space , the aisle projection being used to accommodate living-rooms .

In conformity with the conventional treatment , where the cross-section narrows from a church with a central nave and side aisles at the lower levels to a narrow , lofty nave only at upper levels , optimum use is made of this space by filling it with a single range of dwellings .
in conformity with the conventional treatment , where the cross-section narrows from a church with a central nave and side aisles at the lower levels to a narrow , lofty nave only at upper levels , [best] use is made of this space by filling it with a single range of dwellings .

To make optimum use of the volume , an ingenious device was employed .
to make [best] use of the volume , an ingenious device was employed .

The increase in maximum width of these buildings from 30m ( 99ft ) in 1868 to 48m ( 158ft ) in 1905 was necessary in order to accommodate the longer mules which were enlarged to their technical optimum , consistent with rigidity , of 1,392 ( 116 dozen ) spindles .
the increase in maximum width of these buildings from 30m ( 99ft ) in 1868 to 48m ( 158ft ) in 1905 was necessary in order to accommodate the longer mules which were enlarged to their technical [best] , consistent with rigidity , of 1,392 ( 116 dozen ) spindles .

Similarly with the power-limiting device the pilot can control the speed once the optimum power for the type of glider has been set .
similarly with the power-limiting device the pilot can control the speed once the [best] power for the type of glider has been set .

The optimum speed for a launch depends on both the type of glider and the wind strength .
the [best] speed for a launch depends on both the type of glider and the wind strength .

It features a highly aerodynamic wide-body graphite frame for easy manoeuvrability and greater power and includes Slazenger 's Optimum Mass System at the 3 and 9 o'clock positions on the frame to extend the ‘ sweet spot ’ and so improve playability and ball control .
it features a highly aerodynamic wide-body graphite frame for easy manoeuvrability and greater power and includes slazenger 's [best] mass system at the 3 and 9 o'clock positions on the frame to extend the ‘ sweet spot ’ and so improve playability and ball control .

Even in this case , some work needs doing to the back of the bevel to bring them to optimum usefulness .
even in this case , some work needs doing to the back of the bevel to bring them to [best] usefulness .

As well as establishing your optimum running speed , the Pacer is a useful adjunct to stress management , pregnancy , and rehabilitation after injury .
as well as establishing your [best] running speed , the pacer is a useful adjunct to stress management , pregnancy , and rehabilitation after injury .

It is difficult to define an optimum level of cholesterol in the blood .
it is difficult to define an [best] level of cholesterol in the blood .

Although in theory the organism could reproduce at any time during its growth phase , we can expect that eventually an optimum time for reproduction would emerge .
although in theory the organism could reproduce at any time during its growth phase , we can expect that eventually an [best] time for reproduction would emerge .

Only by so doing can he be sure of acquiring a viable holding and be in a position to develop it to achieve its optimum long-term output .
only by so doing can he be sure of acquiring a viable holding and be in a position to develop it to achieve its [best] long-term output .

Both areas will be far below optimum today but — and this is the important point — in the one case the land can be brought back to full production easily , whereas in the other case a long and costly process of fertility building will be necessary .
both areas will be far below [best] today but — and this is the important point — in the one case the land can be brought back to full production easily , whereas in the other case a long and costly process of fertility building will be necessary .

At the same time , the earthworms burrow deep into the subsoil bringing minerals to the surface , churning and mixing mineral and organic matter in their gizzards , depositing the excavated material on or near the surface in very stable crumbs exactly the right size for optimum exploitation by plant root-hairs .
at the same time , the earthworms burrow deep into the subsoil bringing minerals to the surface , churning and mixing mineral and organic matter in their gizzards , depositing the excavated material on or near the surface in very stable crumbs exactly the right size for [best] exploitation by plant root-hairs .

Deep ploughing puts subsoil on top and buries the living topsoil below the optimum depth .
deep ploughing puts subsoil on top and buries the living topsoil below the [best] depth .

If they are rich , they can spend more on it , and will ; but there is no calculus which can tell us the optimum amount that we ought to spend on education , any more than on the relief of suffering and the cure of the sick , or on the arts .
if they are rich , they can spend more on it , and will ; but there is no calculus which can tell us the [best] amount that we ought to spend on education , any more than on the relief of suffering and the cure of the sick , or on the arts .

The Optimum Income Trust , which will give an income return of 8.5 per cent , is to be marketed to financial intermediaries as well as stockbrokers .
the [best] income trust , which will give an income return of 8.5 per cent , is to be marketed to financial intermediaries as well as stockbrokers .

Although these techniques developed by Sibbald et al ( 25 ) using a computer programme to determine the optimum allocation of land to agriculture and forestry make it possible to reach a more objective decision about the allocation of land to agriculture or forestry in an integrated scheme we , as yet , know little or nothing about the impact of agriculture or forest development on rural communities .
although these techniques developed by sibbald et al ( 25 ) using a computer programme to determine the [best] allocation of land to agriculture and forestry make it possible to reach a more objective decision about the allocation of land to agriculture or forestry in an integrated scheme we , as yet , know little or nothing about the impact of agriculture or forest development on rural communities .

There is no universal optimum size of farm unit , and there is no ‘ best ’ tenurial or ownership pattern .
there is no universal [best] size of farm unit , and there is no ‘ best ’ tenurial or ownership pattern .

The challenge is seen as identifying the optimum level of specialization before alleged dysfunctions of fragmentation and introversion emerge .
the challenge is seen as identifying the [best] level of specialization before alleged dysfunctions of fragmentation and introversion emerge .

However , in those situations where professionals and paraprofessionals are working alongside each other , the team approach seems to be gaining wider acceptance as its potential for making optimum use of available personnel resources is being recognized .
however , in those situations where professionals and paraprofessionals are working alongside each other , the team approach seems to be gaining wider acceptance as its potential for making [best] use of available personnel resources is being recognized .

There is a feeling that they need to develop educational approaches that are based on indigenous conceptions of social service rather than Western urban industrial models and that they should be seeking ways of maximizing the contribution of front-line personnel , either through the direct provision of training or by teaching their graduates how to train and make optimum use of front-line workers ( University Grants Commission , 1980 ; Siddiqui , 1984 ) .
there is a feeling that they need to develop educational approaches that are based on indigenous conceptions of social service rather than western urban industrial models and that they should be seeking ways of maximizing the contribution of front-line personnel , either through the direct provision of training or by teaching their graduates how to train and make [best] use of front-line workers ( university grants commission , 1980 ; siddiqui , 1984 ) .

Later research was to show that whilst it would be most irresponsible to move children unnecessarily from one family to another because separation does cause psychological trauma and harm to the child , nevertheless given optimum conditions children can re-attach themselves and overcome the trauma of early separations ( Kadushin , 1970 ; Clarke and Clarke , 1976 ; Tizzard , 1977 ; Triseliotis and Russell , 1984 ) .
later research was to show that whilst it would be most irresponsible to move children unnecessarily from one family to another because separation does cause psychological trauma and harm to the child , nevertheless given [best] conditions children can re-attach themselves and overcome the trauma of early separations ( kadushin , 1970 ; clarke and clarke , 1976 ; tizzard , 1977 ; triseliotis and russell , 1984 ) .

It then becomes rather a compromise of finding the optimum angle to sail to the wind in different conditions .
it then becomes rather a compromise of finding the [best] angle to sail to the wind in different conditions .

The optimum angle varies between boards , but it should not be too great or the sideways resistance of the daggerboard is decreased .
the [best] angle varies between boards , but it should not be too great or the sideways resistance of the daggerboard is decreased .

The sailors are timed over a course of 500m , which needs to be flat water with an optimum sailing angle of 120–130 degrees to the wind .
the sailors are timed over a course of 500m , which needs to be flat water with an [best] sailing angle of 120–130 degrees to the wind .

Kennel staff are trained in the use of ultrasound , artificial insemination , cytology ( testing to assess a bitch 's optimum conception time ) , as well as supervising the matings themselves .
kennel staff are trained in the use of ultrasound , artificial insemination , cytology ( testing to assess a bitch 's [best] conception time ) , as well as supervising the matings themselves .

These can reach 3ft under optimum conditions but are commonly a foot less and very attractive , with their close-packed whorls of spiny bracts from which slender-tubed flowers appear .
these can reach 3ft under [best] conditions but are commonly a foot less and very attractive , with their close-packed whorls of spiny bracts from which slender-tubed flowers appear .

Obviously , it will pay to ensure optimum growing conditions by enriching the soil with a little fertiliser and organic matter such as compost or will-rotted manure .
obviously , it will pay to ensure [best] growing conditions by enriching the soil with a little fertiliser and organic matter such as compost or will-rotted manure .

Here trials are used to establish the concentrations necessary to achieve optimum performance .
here trials are used to establish the concentrations necessary to achieve [best] performance .

Although much of today 's photographic technology has a lot of latitude , built into its products and processes , optimum quality is best obtained with care and attention paid to each stage of the photographic process .
although much of today 's photographic technology has a lot of latitude , built into its products and processes , [best] quality is best obtained with care and attention paid to each stage of the photographic process .

Fixed in the normal way , the slate features a side lock designed for optimum strength , a thin leading edge for aesthetic appeal and it has a coverage rate of 17.5 slates per square metre .
fixed in the normal way , the slate features a side lock designed for [best] strength , a thin leading edge for aesthetic appeal and it has a coverage rate of 17.5 slates per square metre .

‘ There is an optimum point in the life of any company and most companies go beyond that , ’ he said .
‘ there is an [best] point in the life of any company and most companies go beyond that , ’ he said .

Two screws hold the guard in the optimum position , the open sides pointing directly away from the body of the machine .
two screws hold the guard in the [best] position , the open sides pointing directly away from the body of the machine .

Plotting functions encourage experimentation , allowing not only trials of equations other than that selected as optimum , but also zooming parts of plots to amplify relevance of the fit and resizing the graph to judge extrapolation effects .
plotting functions encourage experimentation , allowing not only trials of equations other than that selected as [best] , but also zooming parts of plots to amplify relevance of the fit and resizing the graph to judge extrapolation effects .

In this case the presence of oxygen and hydrogen mixed in the optimum proportions , could well have compounded the effect .
in this case the presence of oxygen and hydrogen mixed in the [best] proportions , could well have compounded the effect .

Altman found that even though all the animals fell below ‘ optimum diet ’ , given the food resources available , those that came closest did best in the end .
altman found that even though all the animals fell below ‘ [best] diet ’ , given the food resources available , those that came closest did best in the end .

There is an optimum dosage which suits each patient as the diluting weakens the potency so it does n't overstimulate .
there is an [best] dosage which suits each patient as the diluting weakens the potency so it does n't overstimulate .

The optimum dose individual for each case is the smallest amount needed for a gentle but certain remedial effect .
the [best] dose individual for each case is the smallest amount needed for a gentle but certain remedial effect .

The intensity of the potency , determined by the quantity of dose given , is also regulated to the optimum especially if the doses are increased progressively as is suggested e.g .
the intensity of the potency , determined by the quantity of dose given , is also regulated to the [best] especially if the doses are increased progressively as is suggested e.g .

It is only by experiment , experience and observation of the sensitivity of each patient that can determine the optimum size of dose to give . § 278
it is only by experiment , experience and observation of the sensitivity of each patient that can determine the [best] size of dose to give . § 278

Its ‘ struggling ’ phase to get optimum use was now largely behind it .
its ‘ struggling ’ phase to get [best] use was now largely behind it .

‘ Several subtle changes will require more skills from the riders , and with the addition of a new complex called the ‘ Bull Pens ’ it is thought that the optimum time will be harder to achieve , ’ says Michael Tucker .
‘ several subtle changes will require more skills from the riders , and with the addition of a new complex called the ‘ bull pens ’ it is thought that the [best] time will be harder to achieve , ’ says michael tucker .

Sex researchers in Sweden have concluded that the optimum speed for a satisfactory vibrator is sixty cycles per second .
sex researchers in sweden have concluded that the [best] speed for a satisfactory vibrator is sixty cycles per second .

Simply the fastest around the course — normally used for open competitions . Optimum time with timed section :
simply the fastest around the course — normally used for open competitions . [best] time with timed section :

An optimum time is set for the course , and penalties awarded if competitors exceed it .
an [best] time is set for the course , and penalties awarded if competitors exceed it .

Usually , there is an optimum time in which to complete the course — every three seconds over the optimum time incurs one time penalty .
usually , there is an [best] time in which to complete the course — every three seconds over the [best] time incurs one time penalty .

For safety 's sake , some events may not use an optimum time — so check this with the organisers .
for safety 's sake , some events may not use an [best] time — so check this with the organisers .

Moais lie horizontally , vertically , even base over apex to make optimum use of the rock face .
moais lie horizontally , vertically , even base over apex to make [best] use of the rock face .

The complexity of the job will to some extent dictate the level of personnel required , and detailed consideration should be given to the optimum staff structure .
the complexity of the job will to some extent dictate the level of personnel required , and detailed consideration should be given to the [best] staff structure .

By the law of primitive socialist accumulation we mean the entire sum of conscious and semi-spontaneous tendencies in the state economy which are directed towards the expansion and consolidation of the collective organisation of labour in Soviet economy and which are dictated to the Soviet state on the basis of necessity : ( 1 ) the determination of proportions in the distribution of productive forces , formed on the basis of struggle against the law of value inside and outside the country and having as their objective task the achievement of the optimum expanded socialist reproduction in the given conditions and of the maximum defensive capacity of the whole system in conflict with capitalist commodity production ; ( 2 ) the determination of the proportions of accumulation of material resources for expanded reproduction , especially at the expense of private economy , in so far as the determined amounts of the accumulation are dictated compulsorily to the Soviet state under threat of economic disproportion , growth of private capital , weakening of the bond between the state economy and peasant production , derangement in years to come of the necessary proportions of expanded socialist reproduction and weakening of the whole system in its conflict with capitalist commodity production inside and outside the country .
by the law of primitive socialist accumulation we mean the entire sum of conscious and semi-spontaneous tendencies in the state economy which are directed towards the expansion and consolidation of the collective organisation of labour in soviet economy and which are dictated to the soviet state on the basis of necessity : ( 1 ) the determination of proportions in the distribution of productive forces , formed on the basis of struggle against the law of value inside and outside the country and having as their objective task the achievement of the [best] expanded socialist reproduction in the given conditions and of the maximum defensive capacity of the whole system in conflict with capitalist commodity production ; ( 2 ) the determination of the proportions of accumulation of material resources for expanded reproduction , especially at the expense of private economy , in so far as the determined amounts of the accumulation are dictated compulsorily to the soviet state under threat of economic disproportion , growth of private capital , weakening of the bond between the state economy and peasant production , derangement in years to come of the necessary proportions of expanded socialist reproduction and weakening of the whole system in its conflict with capitalist commodity production inside and outside the country .

The Notes of An Economist : Optimum versus Maximum Investment
the notes of an economist : [best] versus maximum investment

The whole of Bukharin 's arguments in this period , 1928–9 , can be summed up as being directed towards the development of an optimum rate of investment and growth as opposed to maximum investment rates .
the whole of bukharin 's arguments in this period , 1928–9 , can be summed up as being directed towards the development of an [best] rate of investment and growth as opposed to maximum investment rates .

He argued that attempts to impose a maximum investment rate would in fact lead to a lower overall rate of growth than would an optimum one .
he argued that attempts to impose a maximum investment rate would in fact lead to a lower overall rate of growth than would an [best] one .

The difference between maximum and optimum investment , and hence of growth rates , hinges upon the relationship between growth and consumption , and more particularly the relationship between the productivity of labour and the consumption of the producers .
the difference between maximum and [best] investment , and hence of growth rates , hinges upon the relationship between growth and consumption , and more particularly the relationship between the productivity of labour and the consumption of the producers .

With respect to the correlation between the development of heavy and light industry we must again proceed from the optimum combination of both factors .
with respect to the correlation between the development of heavy and light industry we must again proceed from the [best] combination of both factors .

The mistake committed by the Stalinist planners during the First Five Year Plan … is a confusion between maximum and optimum rate of accumulation .
the mistake committed by the stalinist planners during the first five year plan … is a confusion between maximum and [best] rate of accumulation .

Or rather : these planners started from a wrong assumption that the maximum rate of accumulation is also the optimum rate .
or rather : these planners started from a wrong assumption that the maximum rate of accumulation is also the [best] rate .

This can be taught , in that the teacher can create the optimum conditions for this kind of learning .
this can be taught , in that the teacher can create the [best] conditions for this kind of learning .

Round , elliptical or other shelters , from which to admire the views , were to be installed in the woods in optimum sites for shelter .
round , elliptical or other shelters , from which to admire the views , were to be installed in the woods in [best] sites for shelter .

This allows for the careful construction and editing of search statements and profiles , before block transmission at optimum speed to the host computer .
this allows for the careful construction and editing of search statements and profiles , before block transmission at [best] speed to the host computer .

When this is lacking , the chance of successfully developing and maintaining optimum use of the online service systems is minimal .
when this is lacking , the chance of successfully developing and maintaining [best] use of the online service systems is minimal .

It is very tempting to pursue here the question of how an optimum distribution of relevant information throughout the firm can be achieved , without a considerable degree of centralised control .
it is very tempting to pursue here the question of how an [best] distribution of relevant information throughout the firm can be achieved , without a considerable degree of centralised control .

While both exploitation and management are agents of environmental change , the latter is overtly conservational in nature because the objective is optimum return on a long-term basis .
while both exploitation and management are agents of environmental change , the latter is overtly conservational in nature because the objective is [best] return on a long-term basis .

In contrast , exploitation tends to involve the rapid diminution of resources , often to such an extent that the capacity for renewal is destroyed and optimum returns are short-lived .
in contrast , exploitation tends to involve the rapid diminution of resources , often to such an extent that the capacity for renewal is destroyed and [best] returns are short-lived .

Their fervent questions , at times riddled with doubt and anxiety , revealed that creating optimum learning environments for young children at home—and ensuring their access to development-enhancing experiences in child care , preschool , and school—have become mounting parental challenges .
their fervent questions , at times riddled with doubt and anxiety , revealed that creating [best] learning environments for young children at home—and ensuring their access to development-enhancing experiences in child care , preschool , and school—have become mounting parental challenges .

Relentlessly barraging children with information that communicates “ at ” rather than “ with ” them fails to involve them in dialogue and interferes with optimum development of play .
relentlessly barraging children with information that communicates “ at ” rather than “ with ” them fails to involve them in dialogue and interferes with [best] development of play .

Further , in the fastest growing red-blue colony , where red secretes molecules and blue secretes molecules per second , both the red and blue bacteria in that mixed colony are replicating at the identical optimum rate .
further , in the fastest growing red-blue colony , where red secretes molecules and blue secretes molecules per second , both the red and blue bacteria in that mixed colony are replicating at the identical [best] rate .

Spring and fall are optimum climbing seasons , but almost any weekend will find a cross-section of the international rock-jock community roping up in the canyon .
spring and fall are [best] climbing seasons , but almost any weekend will find a cross-section of the international rock-jock community roping up in the canyon .

Jensen ( 1972 ) discussed the relationship between sample size ( numbers of fish ) and the standard error of the test , and considered 20 fish per concentration as optimum for Probit Analysis .
jensen ( 1972 ) discussed the relationship between sample size ( numbers of fish ) and the standard error of the test , and considered 20 fish per concentration as [best] for probit analysis .

Jensen ( 1972 ) discussed the relationship between sample size ( number of fish ) and the standard error of the test , and considered 20 fish per concentration as optimum for Probit Analysis .
jensen ( 1972 ) discussed the relationship between sample size ( number of fish ) and the standard error of the test , and considered 20 fish per concentration as [best] for probit analysis .

Jensen ( 1972 ) discussed the relationship between sample size ( number of fish ) and the standard error of the test , and considered 20 fish per concentration as optimum for Probit Analysis .
jensen ( 1972 ) discussed the relationship between sample size ( number of fish ) and the standard error of the test , and considered 20 fish per concentration as [best] for probit analysis .

Total costs are minimized by spending just enough to eliminate ( or nearly eliminate ) the pathogen ; thus , quasi-epidemic transmission is the economic optimum [ 30 ] .
total costs are minimized by spending just enough to eliminate ( or nearly eliminate ) the pathogen ; thus , quasi-epidemic transmission is the economic [best] [ 30 ] .

The simulated populations were allowed to evolve whilst being selected for an optimum phenotype ( i.e. , the populations were exposed to an environment in which a particular phenotype was optimal ) .
the simulated populations were allowed to evolve whilst being selected for an [best] phenotype ( i.e. , the populations were exposed to an environment in which a particular phenotype was optimal ) .

A new optimum phenotype was then specified in which the expression of three of the ten network genes changed from on to off or vice versa ( i.e. , there was a shift in the environmental conditions favouring a different phenotype ) .
a new [best] phenotype was then specified in which the expression of three of the ten network genes changed from on to off or vice versa ( i.e. , there was a shift in the environmental conditions favouring a different phenotype ) .

Populations evolving with the mutation process reached the new optimum before populations without the mutation process .
populations evolving with the mutation process reached the new [best] before populations without the mutation process .

Thus , the ‘ knockout ’ mutations were clearly beneficial because they sped up adaptation to a new phenotypic optimum by releasing hidden genetic variation , thereby providing a new substrate upon which natural selection may act .
thus , the ‘ knockout ’ mutations were clearly beneficial because they sped up adaptation to a new phenotypic [best] by releasing hidden genetic variation , thereby providing a new substrate upon which natural selection may act .

The debate over how to define an `` optimum currency area '' is an endless one , but Mundell set its terms , suggesting in particular that a key feature of such an area would typically be high internal mobility of workers , that is , the willingness and ability of workers to move from slumping to booming regions .
the debate over how to define an `` [best] currency area '' is an endless one , but mundell set its terms , suggesting in particular that a key feature of such an area would typically be high internal mobility of workers , that is , the willingness and ability of workers to move from slumping to booming regions .

Involve the entire team in creating the strategies for patients to accept optimum care . ''
involve the entire team in creating the strategies for patients to accept [best] care . ''

Keys to success : Sit in a front seat on the shuttle and dictate an optimum route to cabbies .
keys to success : sit in a front seat on the shuttle and dictate an [best] route to cabbies .

Quoting `` sources in Washington , '' the Independent 's Jerusalem correspondent , Patrick Cockburn , said planners considered this the optimum date for attack , because by then 1 ) the United States would have three carriers in the Gulf and 2 ) the United States and Britain would be able to say they had given ample time for diplomatic moves by Russia and France to bear fruit .
quoting `` sources in washington , '' the independent 's jerusalem correspondent , patrick cockburn , said planners considered this the [best] date for attack , because by then 1 ) the united states would have three carriers in the gulf and 2 ) the united states and britain would be able to say they had given ample time for diplomatic moves by russia and france to bear fruit .

One real dispute is just how much force results in the social optimum .
one real dispute is just how much force results in the social [best] .

