To a great extent eyes are able to take over the function of keeping us upright because we are able to orientate ourselves by seeing our own position in relation to the world around .
to a great extent eyes are able to take over the function of keeping us upright because we are able to [orient] ourselves by seeing our own position in relation to the world around .

Within lesson structures of this kind , teachers do not , in fact , orientate themselves so much to the needs of individual students , but tend to treat the whole class as a kind of ‘ collective student ’ .
within lesson structures of this kind , teachers do not , in fact , [orient] themselves so much to the needs of individual students , but tend to treat the whole class as a kind of ‘ collective student ’ .

It took several moments for him to orientate himself and wipe the sleep from his eyes .
it took several moments for him to [orient] himself and wipe the sleep from his eyes .

Taking a more global view , one opinion is that the manufacturing industries should indeed move to developing countries whilst the advanced industries orientate their labour forces toward information and other service industries .
taking a more global view , one opinion is that the manufacturing industries should indeed move to developing countries whilst the advanced industries [orient] their labour forces toward information and other service industries .

The interview board can have covert purposes where the senior person who is the chairman of the board will use the opportunity to orientate the precise expectations from the post to be filled including settling differences of opinion between his subordinates who are also members of the board .
the interview board can have covert purposes where the senior person who is the chairman of the board will use the opportunity to [orient] the precise expectations from the post to be filled including settling differences of opinion between his subordinates who are also members of the board .

Handout 1 , a view of the Castle which will help players orientate on arrival , has been provided in a form suitable for excising if you wish .
handout 1 , a view of the castle which will help players [orient] on arrival , has been provided in a form suitable for excising if you wish .

Before he concentrated on the actual scene of the crime , Dalgliesh always liked to make a cursory survey of the surroundings to orientate himself , and , as it were , to set the scene of murder .
before he concentrated on the actual scene of the crime , dalgliesh always liked to make a cursory survey of the surroundings to [orient] himself , and , as it were , to set the scene of murder .

So thick had the mist become that he had almost lost his way and hoping to hear the call of one of the animals to orientate himself had heard an eagle 's call and one he knew well .
so thick had the mist become that he had almost lost his way and hoping to hear the call of one of the animals to [orient] himself had heard an eagle 's call and one he knew well .

Where there is a strong relationship between the degree subject and one or a few subsequent types of work , it is possible to orientate the curriculum towards such work .
where there is a strong relationship between the degree subject and one or a few subsequent types of work , it is possible to [orient] the curriculum towards such work .

While bees will orientate their dances with respect to gravity in a darkened hive , in bright light , they orientate with respect to the light .
while bees will [orient] their dances with respect to gravity in a darkened hive , in bright light , they [orient] with respect to the light .

If these are painted black , bees orientate their dances with respect to gravity even in bright light .
if these are painted black , bees [orient] their dances with respect to gravity even in bright light .

Secondly , the linking of form to function may help learners to orientate themselves within a discourse .
secondly , the linking of form to function may help learners to [orient] themselves within a discourse .

These conventions enable the participants to orientate to what is happening , and rapidly make sense of the interaction .
these conventions enable the participants to [orient] to what is happening , and rapidly make sense of the interaction .

We should also be careful to distinguish between overt formal parts , which may well be labelled or explicitly stated in the original , and parts which discourse senders and receivers orientate to but do not label .
we should also be careful to distinguish between overt formal parts , which may well be labelled or explicitly stated in the original , and parts which discourse senders and receivers [orient] to but do not label .

Their navigational system may be simply an urge to move continuously into water that is minimally cooler , and they may also be able to orientate themselves from the direction of the wave surge and the pattern of ripples on the water-surface .
their navigational system may be simply an urge to move continuously into water that is minimally cooler , and they may also be able to [orient] themselves from the direction of the wave surge and the pattern of ripples on the water-surface .

Reference groups may contain individuals who as `` opinion leaders `` appear to exercise a disproportionate influence in forming and shaping the opinions of those other people who orientate their behaviour towards that of the reference group .
reference groups may contain individuals who as `` opinion leaders `` appear to exercise a disproportionate influence in forming and shaping the opinions of those other people who [orient] their behaviour towards that of the reference group .

Since there will be distinct patterns of behaviour at each step , the marketer can identify specific opportunities or activities that will assist the decision-making process and orientate the would-be buyer towards his particular product of brand .
since there will be distinct patterns of behaviour at each step , the marketer can identify specific opportunities or activities that will assist the decision-making process and [orient] the would-be buyer towards his particular product of brand .

There are likely to be distinct patterns of behaviour at each step , and the marketer can identify specific activities or opportunities that will assist the decision-making process , and orientate the would-be buyer towards his particular product or brand .
there are likely to be distinct patterns of behaviour at each step , and the marketer can identify specific activities or opportunities that will assist the decision-making process , and [orient] the would-be buyer towards his particular product or brand .

How did feminists orientate themselves towards the cult of social hygiene ?
how did feminists [orient] themselves towards the cult of social hygiene ?

Most coastal features attached at both ends to the coast orientate themselves at right angles to the resultant provided that the fetch is approximately the same in all directions .
most coastal features attached at both ends to the coast [orient] themselves at right angles to the resultant provided that the fetch is approximately the same in all directions .

Forms which are not attached to the coast or only attached at one end seem to orientate themselves , some at right angles to the resultant like attached forms and some parallel to the resultant for reasons which remain uncertain .
forms which are not attached to the coast or only attached at one end seem to [orient] themselves , some at right angles to the resultant like attached forms and some parallel to the resultant for reasons which remain uncertain .

Then , the fuel required to adjust and orientate the spacecraft was used up , and it now tumbles uselessly around its orbit .
then , the fuel required to adjust and [orient] the spacecraft was used up , and it now tumbles uselessly around its orbit .

It took her some time to orientate .
it took her some time to [orient] .

Most new firms duplicate existing production functions and orientate towards existing markets .
most new firms duplicate existing production functions and [orient] towards existing markets .

He took her the long way through the house again , and Belinda tried to orientate herself .
he took her the long way through the house again , and belinda tried to [orient] herself .

By early habit she was a countrywoman , she could orientate herself by barely visible bulks and air currents and scents in the night , and she was not afraid to trust her feet in the irregularities of an unknown path .
by early habit she was a countrywoman , she could [orient] herself by barely visible bulks and air currents and scents in the night , and she was not afraid to trust her feet in the irregularities of an unknown path .

Failure to keep wind direction in mind and to orientate
failure to keep wind direction in mind and to [orient]

It takes quite a bit of practice to orientate and get the right position for the shot , and this is something worthwhile perfecting during the winter or when you are just flying locally .
it takes quite a bit of practice to [orient] and get the right position for the shot , and this is something worthwhile perfecting during the winter or when you are just flying locally .

Leaves do orientate themselves toward the light , so turn the pots regularly .
leaves do [orient] themselves toward the light , so turn the pots regularly .

Projectionists had to be very careful to orientate the disc and to put the pickup in the right groove for the sound to be in synchronism .
projectionists had to be very careful to [orient] the disc and to put the pickup in the right groove for the sound to be in synchronism .

These are designed , rather on the principle of the weathercock , to orientate themselves to the instantaneous local air movement .
these are designed , rather on the principle of the weathercock , to [orient] themselves to the instantaneous local air movement .

The aim is to permeate an area with so much pheromone odour that males are confused and unable to orientate and mate successfully .
the aim is to permeate an area with so much pheromone odour that males are confused and unable to [orient] and mate successfully .

Outwardly , this gives them a chemical perception of ‘ taste ’ — roots seek minerals and water , while the leaves orientate themselves to derive maximum energy from the sun , ‘ stored ’ in chemical bonds .
outwardly , this gives them a chemical perception of ‘ taste ’ — roots seek minerals and water , while the leaves [orient] themselves to derive maximum energy from the sun , ‘ stored ’ in chemical bonds .

Their leaves , stems and branches orientate themselves to the light , while their roots seek out minerals and water .
their leaves , stems and branches [orient] themselves to the light , while their roots seek out minerals and water .

