# add: separate

The girls were wanting something done , partitioned off up the back or something for the draught coming under
the girls were wanting something done , [divided] off up the back or something for the draught coming under

The dictionary was partitioned by word length .
the dictionary was [divided] by word length .

More broadly , there does not seem to be one simple hierarchy of types of job ( running from the most unskilled and casual up to the most responsible and secure ) , rather there are a number of different labour markets , partitioned from each other , and some operating on a sort of grapevine .
more broadly , there does not seem to be one simple hierarchy of types of job ( running from the most unskilled and casual up to the most responsible and secure ) , rather there are a number of different labour markets , [divided] from each other , and some operating on a sort of grapevine .

The building attached to the front of the tomb chamber included another pillar crypt ( later partitioned and turned into an ossuary ) , some cult rooms , a walled courtyard and a portico .
the building attached to the front of the tomb chamber included another pillar crypt ( later [divided] and turned into an ossuary ) , some cult rooms , a walled courtyard and a portico .

At that moment the door to one of the partitioned offices opened and a stout , smartly suited figure emerged .
at that moment the door to one of the [divided] offices opened and a stout , smartly suited figure emerged .

Then there was the partitioned living area with a few kitchen chairs , an oilstove , a larger wicker easy chair for ‘ the woman ’ in the corner , near the window that overlooked the wharf and the meadows .
then there was the [divided] living area with a few kitchen chairs , an oilstove , a larger wicker easy chair for ‘ the woman ’ in the corner , near the window that overlooked the wharf and the meadows .

It was obviously partitioned into two rooms by a rough wooden screen .
it was obviously [divided] into two rooms by a rough wooden screen .

They even partitioned the archipelago into three quite separate military commands ; Sumatra , Java , and the Great East .
they even [divided] the archipelago into three quite separate military commands ; sumatra , java , and the great east .

He felt unseen hands help him into one of the partitioned stalls and there he stretched out and closed his stinging eyes .
he felt unseen hands help him into one of the [divided] stalls and there he stretched out and closed his stinging eyes .

The white foreigners may have partitioned and ruled their land for seventy years , but that did n't make him and his countrymen `` yellows , `` `` Annamites `` or `` Annamese . ``
the white foreigners may have [divided] and ruled their land for seventy years , but that did n't make him and his countrymen `` yellows , `` `` annamites `` or `` annamese . ``

Ruth heard Gran talking to her in the office — which was only a partitioned off slice of the kitchen , so Ruth could hear every word as she stacked the dishwasher .
ruth heard gran talking to her in the office — which was only a [divided] off slice of the kitchen , so ruth could hear every word as she stacked the dishwasher .

He guessed that the agreeably proportioned salon , too small to be partitioned and not large enough for a working laboratory , had escaped the fate of so much of the house more for administrative and scientific convenience than from any sensitivity on Colonel Hoggatt 's part to its innate perfection .
he guessed that the agreeably proportioned salon , too small to be [divided] and not large enough for a working laboratory , had escaped the fate of so much of the house more for administrative and scientific convenience than from any sensitivity on colonel hoggatt 's part to its innate perfection .

Voices murmured in partitioned offices .
voices murmured in [divided] offices .

From the shelf edge the continental slope descends steeply to an abyssal plain , partitioned into deep Atlantic , Indian and Pacific ocean basins by submarine ridges and platforms ( Figure 5.4 ) .
from the shelf edge the continental slope descends steeply to an abyssal plain , [divided] into deep atlantic , indian and pacific ocean basins by submarine ridges and platforms ( figure 5.4 ) .

It follows that the volume in which the fire occurs should be capable of being partitioned off from the rest of the storage , if the agent is to be used effectively and cheaply .
it follows that the volume in which the fire occurs should be capable of being [divided] off from the rest of the storage , if the agent is to be used effectively and cheaply .

The banking hall was partitioned to contain the noise of the new computers but the hall has now been restored to its original open form .
the banking hall was [divided] to contain the noise of the new computers but the hall has now been restored to its original open form .

He might begin with between one and four different sizes of tesserae — separated into heaps or placed a partitioned box — and would make more than he intended to use ( manufacture continuing as the pavement was laid ) .
he might begin with between one and four different sizes of tesserae — separated into heaps or placed a [divided] box — and would make more than he intended to use ( manufacture continuing as the pavement was laid ) .

Between closely related taxa , resource partitioning is found as in the case of squirrels in Gabon , where two of the nine coexisting species are found in special habitats , the other seven being taxonomically rather diverse : four of these are essentially arboreal , the other three ground foragers , and in each group there are differences in size such that food is partitioned by hardness and size .
between closely related taxa , resource partitioning is found as in the case of squirrels in gabon , where two of the nine coexisting species are found in special habitats , the other seven being taxonomically rather diverse : four of these are essentially arboreal , the other three ground foragers , and in each group there are differences in size such that food is [divided] by hardness and size .

The ways in which resources are partitioned are many , as , for example , on Barro Colorado Island where there are as many as eight variables of importance in just the food of coexisting ‘ surface-gleaning ’ bats .
the ways in which resources are [divided] are many , as , for example , on barro colorado island where there are as many as eight variables of importance in just the food of coexisting ‘ surface-gleaning ’ bats .

Any matrix may be partitioned , by drawing dotted lines between adjacent columns and adjacent rows , into submatrices .
any matrix may be [divided] , by drawing dotted lines between adjacent columns and adjacent rows , into submatrices .

Consider as partitioned , the solution is ( see ( 2 ) ) and so that the equations are consistent ; if they are taken any two at a time , the three cases all yield the same answer .
consider as [divided] , the solution is ( see ( 2 ) ) and so that the equations are consistent ; if they are taken any two at a time , the three cases all yield the same answer .

We evaluate , which we have partitioned as in ( 5 ) .
we evaluate , which we have [divided] as in ( 5 ) .

But the closed , partitioned , and spherical cosmos had had its day .
but the closed , [divided] , and spherical cosmos had had its day .

Of course to people like Mr. Tully who benefit by the British presence in the occupied part of our country ( a country which was partitioned against the will of the vast majority of our population ) the current whereabouts of Barleycorn is an unpleasant reminder that the Republican movement will not be cowed by threats from the likes of him and his cohorts in the Unionist parties in the failed political entity of Northern Ireland .
of course to people like mr. tully who benefit by the british presence in the occupied part of our country ( a country which was [divided] against the will of the vast majority of our population ) the current whereabouts of barleycorn is an unpleasant reminder that the republican movement will not be cowed by threats from the likes of him and his cohorts in the unionist parties in the failed political entity of northern ireland .

His youngest daughter Margaret married John Hastings Earl of Pembroke in 1359 , and although she died two years later , Pembroke remained high in favour at court and , with royal encouragement , embarked on a plan to reunite the inheritance of his ancestor William Marshall , which had twice been partitioned in the previous century and a half .
his youngest daughter margaret married john hastings earl of pembroke in 1359 , and although she died two years later , pembroke remained high in favour at court and , with royal encouragement , embarked on a plan to reunite the inheritance of his ancestor william marshall , which had twice been [divided] in the previous century and a half .

The foreman 's office was partitioned off from the shop floor and from it one could see the men at work on the machines — five or six of them — but part of the floor was screened off by large canvas sheets suspended from the roof trusses .
the foreman 's office was [divided] off from the shop floor and from it one could see the men at work on the machines — five or six of them — but part of the floor was screened off by large canvas sheets suspended from the roof trusses .

The components are partitioned between the liquid and the mobile phase .
the components are [divided] between the liquid and the mobile phase .

And Marcus came to be walking between them to a partitioned corner of the changing room .
and marcus came to be walking between them to a [divided] corner of the changing room .

But it was also the year that the class structure of the underground , under pressure from a voracious music industry , ensured that a sizeable enclosure was partitioned off , in front of the stage , for the great and expensively attired of the new aristocracy .
but it was also the year that the class structure of the underground , under pressure from a voracious music industry , ensured that a sizeable enclosure was [divided] off , in front of the stage , for the great and expensively attired of the new aristocracy .

Behind its neoclassical façade was a desperate little huddle of rooms partitioned into offices and not at all smart .
behind its neoclassical façade was a desperate little huddle of rooms [divided] into offices and not at all smart .

The two principal isotopes of oxygen , , are chemically very nearly identical , but modest fractionation between them can occur when oxygen is partitioned between phases in which it is bound in very different ways .
the two principal isotopes of oxygen , , are chemically very nearly identical , but modest fractionation between them can occur when oxygen is [divided] between phases in which it is bound in very different ways .

the individual components of a system are intelligently partitioned , allowing each module to see all and only the input it requires ) then the modification is greatly simplified .
the individual components of a system are intelligently [divided] , allowing each module to see all and only the input it requires ) then the modification is greatly simplified .

It has a modest kitchen in the back , and a sitting-room partitioned on either side by wood-panelled doors , frosted windows at the top of each .
it has a modest kitchen in the back , and a sitting-room [divided] on either side by wood-panelled doors , frosted windows at the top of each .

Each knelt in her partitioned alcove , commending heart and soul to God and praying that Satan , who wandered around like a lion seeking his prey , did not harm their bodies or souls that night .
each knelt in her [divided] alcove , commending heart and soul to god and praying that satan , who wandered around like a lion seeking his prey , did not harm their bodies or souls that night .

Billy Dann 's office was long and narrow , almost as narrow as the desk placed across it just in front of the window , but very high because it had been partitioned out of a much bigger room .
billy dann 's office was long and narrow , almost as narrow as the desk placed across it just in front of the window , but very high because it had been [divided] out of a much bigger room .

Leni was waiting at the foot of the last flight of stairs , which was partitioned off to give her a flimsy front door of her own .
leni was waiting at the foot of the last flight of stairs , which was [divided] off to give her a flimsy front door of her own .

The wastes were to be divided into two ‘ moieties ’ — one for the king , and the other to be partitioned between the tenants , commoners and freeholders : all parties were to enclose and ‘ improve ’ their portions .
the wastes were to be divided into two ‘ moieties ’ — one for the king , and the other to be [divided] between the tenants , commoners and freeholders : all parties were to enclose and ‘ improve ’ their portions .

This may not be desirable where the room is n't large enough to be partitioned from the stairs .
this may not be desirable where the room is n't large enough to be [divided] from the stairs .

The partitioned end of the room is north-facing and makes an ideal studio , lit , as it is , by the original tall neo-Gothic windows .
the [divided] end of the room is north-facing and makes an ideal studio , lit , as it is , by the original tall neo-gothic windows .

‘ Although Lebanon and Syria are two countries they are one people of the nation … which was partitioned by colonialism .
‘ although lebanon and syria are two countries they are one people of the nation … which was [divided] by colonialism .

‘ Shop-taverns ’ , serving the passing trade as well as the locals , had become common in many towns , whilst many pubs had been partitioned into two distinct areas — the bar room and the tap room .
‘ shop-taverns ’ , serving the passing trade as well as the locals , had become common in many towns , whilst many pubs had been [divided] into two distinct areas — the bar room and the tap room .

India was partitioned and her home lost .
india was [divided] and her home lost .

New wards and accommodation blocks , laboratories and car-parks have all but masked the original building , whilst within it spacious airy wards , huge staircase halls and corridors have been extensively partitioned and bear no resemblance to their original plan .
new wards and accommodation blocks , laboratories and car-parks have all but masked the original building , whilst within it spacious airy wards , huge staircase halls and corridors have been extensively [divided] and bear no resemblance to their original plan .

Stalin wanted Germany permanently crippled and partitioned , with massive reparations , but with the knowledge of what happened following the previous Great War , the others disagreed .
stalin wanted germany permanently crippled and [divided] , with massive reparations , but with the knowledge of what happened following the previous great war , the others disagreed .

Along one wall of the warehouse , four loose-boxes had been partitioned off by old refrigerators pushed together , which made very satisfactory walls .
along one wall of the warehouse , four loose-boxes had been [divided] off by old refrigerators pushed together , which made very satisfactory walls .

In many the class-rooms are simply partitioned cubicles in what used to be a large hall … .
in many the class-rooms are simply [divided] cubicles in what used to be a large hall … .

It was a sliver of a larger room that had been partitioned off .
it was a sliver of a larger room that had been [divided] off .

In retrospect , it was ironic that a year after Syria was partitioned , another small ethnic group took the opposite path to protect its identity .
in retrospect , it was ironic that a year after syria was [divided] , another small ethnic group took the opposite path to protect its identity .

Under the Government of Ireland Act of December 1921 , Ireland was partitioned .
under the government of ireland act of december 1921 , ireland was [divided] .

The building is partitioned into three sections , the central one being the main mill , with two dormer windows in the roof .
the building is [divided] into three sections , the central one being the main mill , with two dormer windows in the roof .

They left that area behind and entered a partitioned , quieter section .
they left that area behind and entered a [divided] , quieter section .

European interference in the Levant had been evident since the 1840s when representatives of the European powers proposed to the Turks that Lebanon should be partitioned between Christians and Druze .
european interference in the levant had been evident since the 1840s when representatives of the european powers proposed to the turks that lebanon should be [divided] between christians and druze .

Poles from the other areas of partitioned Poland rose up and fought for over eight months in support of his efforts to halt the dismemberment of the Polish state .
poles from the other areas of [divided] poland rose up and fought for over eight months in support of his efforts to halt the dismemberment of the polish state .

Following the seizure of the Russian section of partitioned Poland in 1916 and the creation by the Germans of a new ‘ Polish state ’ based on the old Congress Kingdom of Poland , it was suggested that the entire Polish population of Prussia and Silesia should be expelled into this new satellite state , and that Germany should then repopulate its borders with colonists from the western districts , with recalled settlers from Russia , the Ukraine , Hungary and Romania .
following the seizure of the russian section of [divided] poland in 1916 and the creation by the germans of a new ‘ polish state ’ based on the old congress kingdom of poland , it was suggested that the entire polish population of prussia and silesia should be expelled into this new satellite state , and that germany should then repopulate its borders with colonists from the western districts , with recalled settlers from russia , the ukraine , hungary and romania .

Polish nationalism , like its artistic counterpart , Polish Romanticism , was a specific reaction to the material underdevelopment of partitioned Poland .
polish nationalism , like its artistic counterpart , polish romanticism , was a specific reaction to the material underdevelopment of [divided] poland .

One observer estimated that between the east and the west — that is , between the old Russian provinces and the old German provinces of partitioned Poland — there existed a socio-economic gap of experience and development of 50–100 years .
one observer estimated that between the east and the west — that is , between the old russian provinces and the old german provinces of [divided] poland — there existed a socio-economic gap of experience and development of 50–100 years .

They can be partitioned to accommodate ferrets singly or in multiples as necessary .
they can be [divided] to accommodate ferrets singly or in multiples as necessary .

Short lengths of net can be used so that ideally the enclosed space is partitioned into three sections using two nets set parallel to each other .
short lengths of net can be used so that ideally the enclosed space is [divided] into three sections using two nets set parallel to each other .

Bureaux in the main are not purpose-built and even if they have been especially partitioned for the purpose-built and even if usually enough total space to consider the ergonomics of advice work .
bureaux in the main are not purpose-built and even if they have been especially [divided] for the purpose-built and even if usually enough total space to consider the ergonomics of advice work .

Whether you lived eight men to a room in partitioned huts or ninety men to a cold stone barn , this remoteness of the outside world was the conditioning factor of prison life .
whether you lived eight men to a room in [divided] huts or ninety men to a cold stone barn , this remoteness of the outside world was the conditioning factor of prison life .

One corner of this shop is partitioned off for brake work , brake testing , metalling of axle-box and other bearings and for dealing with passenger communication apparatus , etc .
one corner of this shop is [divided] off for brake work , brake testing , metalling of axle-box and other bearings and for dealing with passenger communication apparatus , etc .

The existence of different laws , regulations and administrative requirements in the field of establishment and services has the practical effect that the Community market remains partitioned and compartmentalised .
the existence of different laws , regulations and administrative requirements in the field of establishment and services has the practical effect that the community market remains [divided] and compartmentalised .

In each building , one end was partitioned off for single girls , the other end for single men , and the middle section was for families .
in each building , one end was [divided] off for single girls , the other end for single men , and the middle section was for families .

One may well blame politicians for much Middle East misery , as Mr. Cleaver maintains , but without forgetting that Palestine has been partitioned a number of times .
one may well blame politicians for much middle east misery , as mr. cleaver maintains , but without forgetting that palestine has been [divided] a number of times .

77 percent of it was cut off in 1922 and called Trans-Jordan ; the remaining section was partitioned by the United Nations in 1947 .
77 percent of it was cut off in 1922 and called trans-jordan ; the remaining section was [divided] by the united nations in 1947 .

That would mean that the points in the current microstate can be partitioned into two classes , perhaps lying in distinct regions of the current microstate .
that would mean that the points in the current microstate can be [divided] into two classes , perhaps lying in distinct regions of the current microstate .

Let the system be partitioned into two or more domains , say , by a membrane .
let the system be [divided] into two or more domains , say , by a membrane .

How does the system come to be partitioned ?
how does the system come to be [divided] ?

Meanwhile , note that the concept of work appears to require that the universe be partitioned .
meanwhile , note that the concept of work appears to require that the universe be [divided] .

However , with the city partitioned by fortifications and barbed wire , no Israeli or Jewish pilgrims were allowed to visit the Western Wall or other Jewish sites in East Jerusalem .
however , with the city [divided] by fortifications and barbed wire , no israeli or jewish pilgrims were allowed to visit the western wall or other jewish sites in east jerusalem .

This colonial carve-up partitioned the Malay world through the Melaka Straits .
this colonial carve-up [divided] the malay world through the melaka straits .

Over a millennium , Poland evolved from a huge and imposing , economically powerful kingdom to a partitioned nation that ceased to exist on world maps for over 120 years , and finally to a people and land at the center of the 20th century ’ s greatest wars and most horrific human tragedies .
over a millennium , poland evolved from a huge and imposing , economically powerful kingdom to a [divided] nation that ceased to exist on world maps for over 120 years , and finally to a people and land at the center of the 20th century ’ s greatest wars and most horrific human tragedies .

Rather , it again partitioned the country , placing the territory of the Duchy of Warsaw under the control of the Russian czar .
rather , it again [divided] the country , placing the territory of the duchy of warsaw under the control of the russian czar .

Rather than one gene duplicate retaining the original function , while the other either degrades or evolves a new function , the original functions of the single-copy gene may be partitioned between the duplicates ( subfunctionalization ) .
rather than one gene duplicate retaining the original function , while the other either degrades or evolves a new function , the original functions of the single-copy gene may be [divided] between the duplicates ( subfunctionalization ) .

This emergent function of the new gene pair does not fit comfortably into any of the scenarios outlined above : both genes are functional yet neither retains the original function , nor has the original function been partitioned .
this emergent function of the new gene pair does not fit comfortably into any of the scenarios outlined above : both genes are functional yet neither retains the original function , nor has the original function been [divided] .

An American-led anti-fraud group -- part of a civilian bureau set up by the Dayton peace accords -- says that most of the $ 1 billion in stolen aid was funneled to the three nationalist parties that govern the partitioned state of Bosnia-Herzegovina .
an american-led anti-fraud group -- part of a civilian bureau set up by the dayton peace accords -- says that most of the $ 1 billion in stolen aid was funneled to the three nationalist parties that govern the [divided] state of bosnia-herzegovina .

The Red Hat manual offered clearer directions , and the new version automatically partitioned my hard drive .
the red hat manual offered clearer directions , and the new version automatically [divided] my hard drive .

