The Service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date , purpose , amount and other particulars of the contribution .
the service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date , purpose , amount and other [details] of the contribution .

To recite the particulars of recent Soviet successes is hardly reassuring .
to recite the [details] of recent soviet successes is hardly reassuring .

I believe it deficient in certain particulars .
i believe it deficient in certain [details] .

Reliance is therefore not to be placed upon the archaeological particulars in an oral poem ; ;
reliance is therefore not to be placed upon the archaeological [details] in an oral poem ; ;

Below these particulars was a series of alpha-beta-gammas connected by arrows and crosses which denoted the lineage of the breed .
below these [details] was a series of alpha-beta-gammas connected by arrows and crosses which denoted the lineage of the breed .

There are , however , four fascinating particulars that have been changed : all the dialogue of the major parts is spoken by Prospero ( Gielgud ) himself as the revenge is here only in Prospero 's imagination .
there are , however , four fascinating [details] that have been changed : all the dialogue of the major parts is spoken by prospero ( gielgud ) himself as the revenge is here only in prospero 's imagination .

the particulars , he 'd get on his mobile phone
the [details] , he 'd get on his mobile phone

We got a geezer come to the door you know yeah , and he took a few particulars you know .
we got a geezer come to the door you know yeah , and he took a few [details] you know .

We are all familiar with the rose-tinted particulars produced by some of the less reputable estate agents .
we are all familiar with the rose-tinted [details] produced by some of the less reputable estate agents .

No-one should buy a property solely on the strength of the initial particulars .
no-one should buy a property solely on the strength of the initial [details] .

What the Government is trying to do is to persuade the estate agents that they should n't give false particulars at all .
what the government is trying to do is to persuade the estate agents that they should n't give false [details] at all .

Casual conversation should not include any representations or comments , records should be carefully kept and the utmost care must be taken on checking sales particulars even for typographical errors .
casual conversation should not include any representations or comments , records should be carefully kept and the utmost care must be taken on checking sales [details] even for typographical errors .

The first stanza homes in on the particulars but then , in the second , there is a general perspective given , on the whole world , dealing with a big issue .
the first stanza homes in on the [details] but then , in the second , there is a general perspective given , on the whole world , dealing with a big issue .

Mutual recognition of listing particulars ( including prospectuses ) .
mutual recognition of listing [details] ( including prospectuses ) .

This one here has really dropped the whole of my particulars on her own !
this one here has really dropped the whole of my [details] on her own !

Ha , well who gave you a particulars then ? Or did you buy a bit ?
ha , well who gave you a [details] then ? or did you buy a bit ?

Ah , thank you . Can you give me the particulars ?
ah , thank you . can you give me the [details] ?

Now , what we do n't want are detailed particulars of the shop , the salesperson 's home address and physical attributes .
now , what we do n't want are detailed [details] of the shop , the salesperson 's home address and physical attributes .

More particulars about these growers can be located in the Village Directory of Champagne Growers .
more [details] about these growers can be located in the village directory of champagne growers .

For further particulars and application forms , please contact the Centre as soon as possible by letter or telephone .
for further [details] and application forms , please contact the centre as soon as possible by letter or telephone .

Please call for complete particulars .
please call for complete [details] .

An important example of Overdrive 's administrative function ( Clause 3 ( g ) ) is the giving of written particulars of employment to a driver .
an important example of overdrive 's administrative function ( clause 3 ( g ) ) is the giving of written [details] of employment to a driver .

In the absence of a full contract of employment , these so-called ‘ written particulars ’ are usually the best evidence of the terms agreed between employer and employee .
in the absence of a full contract of employment , these so-called ‘ written [details] ’ are usually the best evidence of the terms agreed between employer and employee .

Written particulars
written [details]

The written particulars which must be provided in compliance with Section 1 Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 cover the names of employer and employee , the date employment began , pay , job title , holidays , pension rights , the employer 's rules about sickness and injury , termination of employment ( notice ) , hours of work , disciplinary and grievance procedures .
the written [details] which must be provided in compliance with section 1 employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 cover the names of employer and employee , the date employment began , pay , job title , holidays , pension rights , the employer 's rules about sickness and injury , termination of employment ( notice ) , hours of work , disciplinary and grievance procedures .

If an employee does not receive the written particulars he is entitled to , he can theoretically apply to the industrial tribunal for an order declaring what these particulars should say .
if an employee does not receive the written [details] he is entitled to , he can theoretically apply to the industrial tribunal for an order declaring what these [details] should say .

An example of written particulars is given below .
an example of written [details] is given below .

Particulars of charges created by debenture are kept at the Companies Registry and in the company 's register of charges .
[details] of charges created by debenture are kept at the companies registry and in the company 's register of charges .

The haulier should make sure that his company secretary keeps a proper record of debentures showing full particulars of company assets charged on the company 's register .
the haulier should make sure that his company secretary keeps a proper record of debentures showing full [details] of company assets charged on the company 's register .

In real life , of course , you would probably have to master a great deal more information , including details of the premises and the personal particulars of all the key staff .
in real life , of course , you would probably have to master a great deal more information , including details of the premises and the personal [details] of all the key staff .

The Royal Oak introduced you to some of the complexities of co-ordinating financial and statistical data with details of the premises and the personal particulars of the key staff .
the royal oak introduced you to some of the complexities of co-ordinating financial and statistical data with details of the premises and the personal [details] of the key staff .

The full details and particulars of all goods or services sold ;
the full details and [details] of all goods or services sold ;

Jaq knew not to enquire too deeply into the secrets of the Officio Assassinorum when such particulars were not within his brief .
jaq knew not to enquire too deeply into the secrets of the officio assassinorum when such [details] were not within his brief .

The particulars should be entered in the police officer 's pocket book and followed by a question such as ‘ Have you any other test certificate for this motor vehicle ?
the [details] should be entered in the police officer 's pocket book and followed by a question such as ‘ have you any other test certificate for this motor vehicle ?

New applicants for a listing will be expected to report on how they comply with the code as part of their listing particulars .
new applicants for a listing will be expected to report on how they comply with the code as part of their listing [details] .

The claim must incorporate a declaration that the particulars of the claim are correct to the best of the signatory 's knowledge and belief .
the claim must incorporate a declaration that the [details] of the claim are correct to the best of the signatory 's knowledge and belief .

But it has never been shown that induction is logically more respectable than a formalized argument from analogy , indeed that induction from some particulars leading to deduction of others is anything else but a roundabout argument from analogy .
but it has never been shown that induction is logically more respectable than a formalized argument from analogy , indeed that induction from some [details] leading to deduction of others is anything else but a roundabout argument from analogy .

Where this true and fair view override is used the Act requires that ‘ particulars of any such departure , the reasons for it and its effect shall be given in a note to the accounts .
where this true and fair view override is used the act requires that ‘ [details] of any such departure , the reasons for it and its effect shall be given in a note to the accounts .

‘ Particulars of any such departure ’ — a statement of the treatment which the Act would normally require in the circumstances and a description of the treatment actually adopted ;
‘ [details] of any such departure ’ — a statement of the treatment which the act would normally require in the circumstances and a description of the treatment actually adopted ;

The abstract gives guidance on the intrepretation of the statutory requirement to give particulars of any departure from the Companies Act 1985 accounting provisions in order to give a true and fair view , together with the reasons for any such departure and its effect .
the abstract gives guidance on the intrepretation of the statutory requirement to give [details] of any departure from the companies act 1985 accounting provisions in order to give a true and fair view , together with the reasons for any such departure and its effect .

There will no longer be a requirement to include an accountant 's report in listing particulars or circulars unless there has been a significant change in the company 's financial position within the last three financial years , or its accounts in any of those three years have been qualified .
there will no longer be a requirement to include an accountant 's report in listing [details] or circulars unless there has been a significant change in the company 's financial position within the last three financial years , or its accounts in any of those three years have been qualified .

In letters to charities she is warning them about the extra administration time that trustees will spend making tax claims and notifying changes of registered particulars , and advising them that much of it could be saved by selling existing investments and contributing the proceeds of sale to a common investment fund .
in letters to charities she is warning them about the extra administration time that trustees will spend making tax claims and notifying changes of registered [details] , and advising them that much of it could be saved by selling existing investments and contributing the proceeds of sale to a common investment fund .

Employment particulars .
employment [details] .

It is always risky to generalise from particulars .
it is always risky to generalise from [details] .

Seventeen new groups entered the competition in 1967 ( out of ‘ two to three hundred ’ who requested particulars ) ( Sendall , 1983 , p. 337 ) .
seventeen new groups entered the competition in 1967 ( out of ‘ two to three hundred ’ who requested [details] ) ( sendall , 1983 , p. 337 ) .

Have the ‘ sensations ’ to which Mill refers the character of universals , or the character of particulars ?
have the ‘ sensations ’ to which mill refers the character of universals , or the character of [details] ?

In so far as sensations are ‘ things excited in our minds ’ , they seem to have the character of particulars ; but in so far as the same sensation can be excited by any one of numerous objects , they ( the sensations ) seem to have the character of universals .
in so far as sensations are ‘ things excited in our minds ’ , they seem to have the character of [details] ; but in so far as the same sensation can be excited by any one of numerous objects , they ( the sensations ) seem to have the character of universals .

Not far behind this overall vision of justice came his anxious consideration that the particular saints of each church , for whom the present community was only the trustee , would demand from their trustees a full account of their stewardship down to the most minute particulars .
not far behind this overall vision of justice came his anxious consideration that the particular saints of each church , for whom the present community was only the trustee , would demand from their trustees a full account of their stewardship down to the most minute [details] .

Full particulars about the seminar are available from the
full [details] about the seminar are available from the

Historically , where there has been a demand for sport , the particulars of participants seem to lose significance .
historically , where there has been a demand for sport , the [details] of participants seem to lose significance .

Within 21 days after receiving particulars of the errors or defects from the Publisher , the Programmer will correct any bugs or other errors or defects in the Program which come to light in the course of the alpha and beta testing .
within 21 days after receiving [details] of the errors or defects from the publisher , the programmer will correct any bugs or other errors or defects in the program which come to light in the course of the alpha and beta testing .

Within [ – – – ] days after receiving particulars of the errors or defects from the Publisher , the Programmer will correct any bugs or other errors or defects in the Program which come to light in the course of the alpha and beta testing .
within [ – – – ] days after receiving [details] of the errors or defects from the publisher , the programmer will correct any bugs or other errors or defects in the program which come to light in the course of the alpha and beta testing .

Further particulars of the appointment may be obtained directly from the acting Registrar at the above address .
further [details] of the appointment may be obtained directly from the acting registrar at the above address .

Potential applicants are encouraged to apply for further particulars .
potential applicants are encouraged to apply for further [details] .

These visits should be at not less than three-monthly intervals , ensuring that the correct particulars are maintained on the agents ' files .
these visits should be at not less than three-monthly intervals , ensuring that the correct [details] are maintained on the agents ' files .

It is essential to read the small print on the auction particulars , especially where obligations are being passed to the purchasers .
it is essential to read the small print on the auction [details] , especially where obligations are being passed to the purchasers .

The successful purchaser at the conclusion of the auction is required to sign the auction particulars and pay 10 % deposit of the purchase price .
the successful purchaser at the conclusion of the auction is required to sign the auction [details] and pay 10 % deposit of the purchase price .

The auction particulars must of course be both detailed and accurate , as they form part of the contract for sale , and are usually in the form of a glossy brochure .
the auction [details] must of course be both detailed and accurate , as they form part of the contract for sale , and are usually in the form of a glossy brochure .

The agent , having prepared particulars , will advertise and circularise potential purchasers , but the sale price may be presented in the following ways .
the agent , having prepared [details] , will advertise and circularise potential purchasers , but the sale price may be presented in the following ways .

The Consolidated Regulations of the Inns of Court , together with the particulars of the scholarships and prizes available , can be had by applying to the Sub-Treasurer at the Inner Temple or to the Under-Treasurer at the other three Inns .
the consolidated regulations of the inns of court , together with the [details] of the scholarships and prizes available , can be had by applying to the sub-treasurer at the inner temple or to the under-treasurer at the other three inns .

Now in pursuance of the premisses the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons in Parlyament assembled for the ratifying confirming and establishing the said declaration and the articles clauses matters and things therein contained by the force of a law made in due for me by authority of Parlyament doe pray that it may be declared and enacted that all and singular the rights and liberties asserted and claimed in the said declaration are the true auntient and indubitable rights and liberties of the people of this king dome and soe shall be esteemed allowed adjudged deemed and taken to be and that all and every the particulars aforesaid shall be firmly and strictly hold en and observed as they are expressed in the said declaration .
now in pursuance of the premisses the said lords spirituall and temporall and commons in parlyament assembled for the ratifying confirming and establishing the said declaration and the articles clauses matters and things therein contained by the force of a law made in due for me by authority of parlyament doe pray that it may be declared and enacted that all and singular the rights and liberties asserted and claimed in the said declaration are the true auntient and indubitable rights and liberties of the people of this king dome and soe shall be esteemed allowed adjudged deemed and taken to be and that all and every the [details] aforesaid shall be firmly and strictly hold en and observed as they are expressed in the said declaration .

containing the names and particulars of the directors and secretary and a consent signed by each of them to act in the relevant capacity ; and
containing the names and [details] of the directors and secretary and a consent signed by each of them to act in the relevant capacity ; and

Section 18 of the Company Directors Disqualification Act 1986 requires officers of courts to give particulars of cases where a disqualification order is made .
section 18 of the company directors disqualification act 1986 requires officers of courts to give [details] of cases where a disqualification order is made .

The Act therefore laid down a `` statement of particulars `` to be included in any contract — the nature and length of the voyage , the time to be on board , the capacity in which the seaman was to serve , the amount of wages and scale of provisions to be provided and any disciplinary rules or penalties to be applied while on board — thus anticipating by 122 years the detailing of terms universally required by the Contracts of Employment Act 1972 .
the act therefore laid down a `` statement of [details] `` to be included in any contract — the nature and length of the voyage , the time to be on board , the capacity in which the seaman was to serve , the amount of wages and scale of provisions to be provided and any disciplinary rules or penalties to be applied while on board — thus anticipating by 122 years the detailing of terms universally required by the contracts of employment act 1972 .

Give particulars of any important events affecting the company or any of its subsidiary undertakings which have occurred since the balance sheet date .
give [details] of any important events affecting the company or any of its subsidiary undertakings which have occurred since the balance sheet date .

nature , particulars and amount of extraordinary items , with related tax to be separately disclosed ( usually in the notes )
nature , [details] and amount of extraordinary items , with related tax to be separately disclosed ( usually in the notes )

Give particulars of capital expenditure authorised but not yet contracted for , and also capital expenditure contracted for but not provided for .
give [details] of capital expenditure authorised but not yet contracted for , and also capital expenditure contracted for but not provided for .

nature , particulars and amount of extraordinary items , with related tax to be separately disclosed ( usually in the notes )
nature , [details] and amount of extraordinary items , with related tax to be separately disclosed ( usually in the notes )

Particulars of the departure from the statutory requirements and reasons for it must be stated .
[details] of the departure from the statutory requirements and reasons for it must be stated .

Give the names of the persons making the valuation or particulars of their qualifications , together with the bases of valuation .
give the names of the persons making the valuation or [details] of their qualifications , together with the bases of valuation .

Give particulars of capital expenditure authorised but not yet contracted for , and also capital expenditure contracted but not yet provided for .
give [details] of capital expenditure authorised but not yet contracted for , and also capital expenditure contracted but not yet provided for .

share capital and particulars of allotments
share capital and [details] of allotments

particulars of , reasons for and effect of departures from law where such departures have been made to give a true and fair view
[details] of , reasons for and effect of departures from law where such departures have been made to give a true and fair view

You must look beyond the generalisation to the particulars that these labels attempt to describe .
you must look beyond the generalisation to the [details] that these labels attempt to describe .

the thousand glittering particulars
the thousand glittering [details]

Section 8 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of the Act of 1980 requires the governors to publish annually particulars of ‘ the arrangements for the admission of pupils to the school .
section 8 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of the act of 1980 requires the governors to publish annually [details] of ‘ the arrangements for the admission of pupils to the school .

’ Such particulars must include , amongst other things , the number of pupils it is intended to admit and ‘ the policy followed in deciding admissions .
’ such [details] must include , amongst other things , the number of pupils it is intended to admit and ‘ the policy followed in deciding admissions .

He cited Madison ( Elliot 's Debates on the Federal Constitution ( 1876 ) , vol. 4 , p. 571 ) , at p. 271 : ‘ Some degree of abuse is inseparable from the proper use of every thing ; and in no instance is this more true than in that of the press . ’ In respect of requiring to prove that the alleged libel was true in all its factual particulars he said , at p. 279 :
he cited madison ( elliot 's debates on the federal constitution ( 1876 ) , vol. 4 , p. 571 ) , at p. 271 : ‘ some degree of abuse is inseparable from the proper use of every thing ; and in no instance is this more true than in that of the press . ’ in respect of requiring to prove that the alleged libel was true in all its factual [details] he said , at p. 279 :

‘ Is it the unrequited sort , this love ? ’ Haverford felt he should ask for more particulars . ‘ Does the person concerned … ’
‘ is it the unrequited sort , this love ? ’ haverford felt he should ask for more [details] . ‘ does the person concerned … ’

At the time a person is charged he shall be given a written notice showing particulars of the offence with which he is charged and including the name of the officer in the case ( in terrorist cases , the officer 's warrant number instead ) , his police station and the reference number for the case .
at the time a person is charged he shall be given a written notice showing [details] of the offence with which he is charged and including the name of the officer in the case ( in terrorist cases , the officer 's warrant number instead ) , his police station and the reference number for the case .

So far as possible the particulars of the charge shall be stated in simple terms , but they shall also show the precise offence in law with which he is charged .
so far as possible the [details] of the charge shall be stated in simple terms , but they shall also show the precise offence in law with which he is charged .

Rules of Court made under the Act require the plaintiff to give particulars of his title and to identify any other person whom he knows to have a claim on the goods .
rules of court made under the act require the plaintiff to give [details] of his title and to identify any other person whom he knows to have a claim on the goods .

How does one explain the possibility of numerically diverse particulars ?
how does one explain the possibility of numerically diverse [details] ?

If it is not possible to define the idea of numerical identity in terms of the criteria of re-identification , surely the idea of a plurality of particulars similarly can not be defined in terms of the criteria under which such particulars are differentiated from each other .
if it is not possible to define the idea of numerical identity in terms of the criteria of re-identification , surely the idea of a plurality of [details] similarly can not be defined in terms of the criteria under which such [details] are differentiated from each other .

In other words , his argument might be seen as an attempt to confront the common sense with the disconcerting fact that references to what are assumed to be numerically identical spatio-temporal particulars inhabiting an objective world `` out there `` can not be given a satisfactory justification , and consequently that one can not claim with certainty that such particulars represent the basic material of which the world is made up .
in other words , his argument might be seen as an attempt to confront the common sense with the disconcerting fact that references to what are assumed to be numerically identical spatio-temporal [details] inhabiting an objective world `` out there `` can not be given a satisfactory justification , and consequently that one can not claim with certainty that such [details] represent the basic material of which the world is made up .

If interpreted in this light , the argument becomes not so much an onslaught on the idea of identity as an attack on the idea of empirical things as basic particulars .
if interpreted in this light , the argument becomes not so much an onslaught on the idea of identity as an attack on the idea of empirical things as basic [details] .

the problem of individuation of ontological particulars .
the problem of individuation of ontological [details] .

Two particulars simultaneously occupying two different places are in virtue of this very fact two different particulars .
two [details] simultaneously occupying two different places are in virtue of this very fact two different [details] .

By contrast , universals can be simultaneously exemplified by different particulars in different places .
by contrast , universals can be simultaneously exemplified by different [details] in different places .

( b ) Particulars exist in time .
( b ) [details] exist in time .

Universals , in contrast to particulars , are said to be merely `` exemplified `` or `` illustrated `` at various places .
universals , in contrast to [details] , are said to be merely `` exemplified `` or `` illustrated `` at various places .

It is maintained that whereas particulars are in time , universals are timeless .
it is maintained that whereas [details] are in time , universals are timeless .

If , as is sometimes done , things are assimilated to events , we can speak of particulars as events , and of the latter as being `` temporal `` in the sense that every event exhibits a pattern of change in some direction , and can be said to occur simultaneously with , or before , or after , some other event .
if , as is sometimes done , things are assimilated to events , we can speak of [details] as events , and of the latter as being `` temporal `` in the sense that every event exhibits a pattern of change in some direction , and can be said to occur simultaneously with , or before , or after , some other event .

With regard to `` temporality `` ( in the sense in which this concept was used above ) , this can not be regarded as a sufficient condition of particularity so long as it is not shown that temporality alone ( in the indicated sense ) ensures numerical identity of particulars ; and if we are to be able to justifiably claim that it is a necessary condition of particularity , we must first show that there can be no extra-temporal particulars . ``
with regard to `` temporality `` ( in the sense in which this concept was used above ) , this can not be regarded as a sufficient condition of particularity so long as it is not shown that temporality alone ( in the indicated sense ) ensures numerical identity of [details] ; and if we are to be able to justifiably claim that it is a necessary condition of particularity , we must first show that there can be no extra-temporal [details] . ``

Basically , there are two types of identifying references to particulars : one involving the use of `` demonstratives `` ( demonstrative pronouns , personal pronouns , adverbs such as `` here `` , `` there `` , `` today `` etc . )
basically , there are two types of identifying references to [details] : one involving the use of `` demonstratives `` ( demonstrative pronouns , personal pronouns , adverbs such as `` here `` , `` there `` , `` today `` etc . )

The intelligibility and indeed the success of any identifying references to particulars , it is claimed , depend ultimately upon the intelligibility and the success of demonstrative references to particulars in the context of a speaker-hearer situation .
the intelligibility and indeed the success of any identifying references to [details] , it is claimed , depend ultimately upon the intelligibility and the success of demonstrative references to [details] in the context of a speaker-hearer situation .

This is not to say that particulars can not under any circumstances be contextually individuated via `` impersonal `` descriptions .
this is not to say that [details] can not under any circumstances be contextually individuated via `` impersonal `` descriptions .

Many particulars can not be demonstratively identified in any case .
many [details] can not be demonstratively identified in any case .

For , it is argued , it makes little sense to worry about the possibility of repetitiveness and reduplication with regard to the world `` in itself `` if we can establish the historical uniqueness of particulars in relation to ourselves .
for , it is argued , it makes little sense to worry about the possibility of repetitiveness and reduplication with regard to the world `` in itself `` if we can establish the historical uniqueness of [details] in relation to ourselves .

But , then , what , if anything , does justify the assumption that there can be numerically ( purely numerically ) distinguishable particulars at all ?
but , then , what , if anything , does justify the assumption that there can be numerically ( purely numerically ) distinguishable [details] at all ?

Four theories of particulars
four theories of [details]

( c ) Particulars as bundles of qualities
( c ) [details] as bundles of qualities

But this abolishes , in effect the distinction between particulars and universals , while leaving us with the problem of explaining just what is meant by `` different `` places and `` different `` times .
but this abolishes , in effect the distinction between [details] and universals , while leaving us with the problem of explaining just what is meant by `` different `` places and `` different `` times .

The sceptic , it is argued , may well concede that the conceptual scheme that we use and rely on makes sense only if we posit the possibility of re-identifiable particulars , while at the same time insisting that no proof can be supplied of their actual existence .
the sceptic , it is argued , may well concede that the conceptual scheme that we use and rely on makes sense only if we posit the possibility of re-identifiable [details] , while at the same time insisting that no proof can be supplied of their actual existence .

The fact that our conceptual scheme is inseparable from the idea of such particulars , he might argue , does not testify to their existence per se .
the fact that our conceptual scheme is inseparable from the idea of such [details] , he might argue , does not testify to their existence per se .

Kant tried to link the idea of numerically identical particulars with the idea of one space and one time , both conceived by him as the a priori forms of our intuition .
kant tried to link the idea of numerically identical [details] with the idea of one space and one time , both conceived by him as the a priori forms of our intuition .

It is not easy to decide how best to tackle these questions , and the difficulties that we came up against in discussing the problem of individuation of particulars partly explain why .
it is not easy to decide how best to tackle these questions , and the difficulties that we came up against in discussing the problem of individuation of [details] partly explain why .

The aim that we set ourselves was to analyse the idea of a numerical , as distinct from a purely qualitative , diversity of existents ; to clarify , that is , what is involved in assuming the possibility of there being a plurality of self-subsistent particulars that are numerically and not just qualitatively distinguishable from each other .
the aim that we set ourselves was to analyse the idea of a numerical , as distinct from a purely qualitative , diversity of existents ; to clarify , that is , what is involved in assuming the possibility of there being a plurality of self-subsistent [details] that are numerically and not just qualitatively distinguishable from each other .

We saw earlier on that the idea of numerical identity can not be explained in terms of the criteria of re-identification of particulars .
we saw earlier on that the idea of numerical identity can not be explained in terms of the criteria of re-identification of [details] .

Similarly the idea of numerical diversity can not be explained in terms of the criteria of numerical differentiation of such particulars .
similarly the idea of numerical diversity can not be explained in terms of the criteria of numerical differentiation of such [details] .

Understandably , perhaps , there is a strong temptation to try to avoid these difficulties by taking qualities as basic and confining oneself to the idea of a plurality of qualities , with particulars being interpreted as bundles of qualities .
understandably , perhaps , there is a strong temptation to try to avoid these difficulties by taking qualities as basic and confining oneself to the idea of a plurality of qualities , with [details] being interpreted as bundles of qualities .

The difficulty with any kind of platonism that claims the ontological primacy of qualities — or any kind of universals — is that in presenting its case it implicitly relies on certain assumptions about existentially unique particulars , which no sooner are made explicit than the whole platonist case is shown to be built on sand .
the difficulty with any kind of platonism that claims the ontological primacy of qualities — or any kind of universals — is that in presenting its case it implicitly relies on certain assumptions about existentially unique [details] , which no sooner are made explicit than the whole platonist case is shown to be built on sand .

In the following year they were given a new jurisdiction concerning redundancy payments , and concerning statutory rights to information about particulars of contracts of employment .
in the following year they were given a new jurisdiction concerning redundancy payments , and concerning statutory rights to information about [details] of contracts of employment .

The first is the requirement that not later than 13 weeks after the beginning of the employment , an employee is entitled to a written statement containing particulars of the terms of the employment , which must include details of disciplinary and grievance procedures available to the employee , unless the employer employs fewer than 20 people .
the first is the requirement that not later than 13 weeks after the beginning of the employment , an employee is entitled to a written statement containing [details] of the terms of the employment , which must include details of disciplinary and grievance procedures available to the employee , unless the employer employs fewer than 20 people .

An employee denied such a statement may refer the matter to a tribunal which will determine the particulars which should have been included and referred to in such a statement .
an employee denied such a statement may refer the matter to a tribunal which will determine the [details] which should have been included and referred to in such a statement .

There then follow particulars of the payments .
there then follow [details] of the payments .

On 23 April the second defendant took a letter to the plaintiff containing particulars of this offer by Mr. Perot for Caliban .
on 23 april the second defendant took a letter to the plaintiff containing [details] of this offer by mr. perot for caliban .

Winchester 's complaints that they had had no opportunity to make any representation and that they lacked particulars of the allegations which were made against them , met with no response from Lautro .
winchester 's complaints that they had had no opportunity to make any representation and that they lacked [details] of the allegations which were made against them , met with no response from lautro .

Winchester complained that they had had no opportunity to make any representations , and that they lacked particulars of the allegations made against them , to which there was no direct response from Lautro .
winchester complained that they had had no opportunity to make any representations , and that they lacked [details] of the allegations made against them , to which there was no direct response from lautro .

‘ Any party who seeks to charge an accounting party with an amount beyond that which he has by his account admitted to have received or who alleges that any item in his account is erroneous in respect of amount or in any other respect must give him notice thereof stating , so far as he is able , the amount sought to be charged with brief particulars thereof or , as the case may be , the grounds for alleging that the item is erroneous .
‘ any party who seeks to charge an accounting party with an amount beyond that which he has by his account admitted to have received or who alleges that any item in his account is erroneous in respect of amount or in any other respect must give him notice thereof stating , so far as he is able , the amount sought to be charged with brief [details] thereof or , as the case may be , the grounds for alleging that the item is erroneous .

‘ Particulars of Offence [ The respondent ] on 17 September 1990 secured unauthorised access to a computer in contravention of section 1(1) of the Computer Misuse Act 1990 with intent to commit a further offence , namely , false accounting contrary to section 17(1) ( a ) of the Theft Act 1968 .
‘ [details] of offence [ the respondent ] on 17 september 1990 secured unauthorised access to a computer in contravention of section 1(1) of the computer misuse act 1990 with intent to commit a further offence , namely , false accounting contrary to section 17(1) ( a ) of the theft act 1968 .

‘ Particulars of Offence : [ The respondent ] on 17 September 1990 dishonestly and with a view to gain for himself or another , or with intent to cause loss to another , falsified a document required for an accounting purpose , namely , a computer generated sales invoice , by making an entry therein which was or may have been misleading , false or deceptive in a material particular in that it purported to show that a discount of 70 per cent .
‘ [details] of offence : [ the respondent ] on 17 september 1990 dishonestly and with a view to gain for himself or another , or with intent to cause loss to another , falsified a document required for an accounting purpose , namely , a computer generated sales invoice , by making an entry therein which was or may have been misleading , false or deceptive in a material particular in that it purported to show that a discount of 70 per cent .

’ The Commission is requested to give detailed particulars of this possibility and of the measures adopted or to be adopted with a view to establishing this integrated system .
’ the commission is requested to give detailed [details] of this possibility and of the measures adopted or to be adopted with a view to establishing this integrated system .

‘ ( a ) setting out with full particulars all dealings by the first defendant or anyone on his behalf with : ( i ) the moneys referred to in schedule 1 to this order ; and ( ii ) all and any sums or assets representing or derived from those moneys ; and … ( c ) exhibiting copies of all documents which relate to the receipt or transfer of , or dealing with all such assets , and in particular all such documents as are set out in schedule 3 hereto and are in the possession custody or power of the first defendant .
‘ ( a ) setting out with full [details] all dealings by the first defendant or anyone on his behalf with : ( i ) the moneys referred to in schedule 1 to this order ; and ( ii ) all and any sums or assets representing or derived from those moneys ; and … ( c ) exhibiting copies of all documents which relate to the receipt or transfer of , or dealing with all such assets , and in particular all such documents as are set out in schedule 3 hereto and are in the possession custody or power of the first defendant .

‘ An inquisition … ( b ) shall set out , so far as such particulars have been proved — ( i ) who the deceased was ; and ( ii ) how , when and where the deceased came by his death …
‘ an inquisition … ( b ) shall set out , so far as such [details] have been proved — ( i ) who the deceased was ; and ( ii ) how , when and where the deceased came by his death …

Count 1 alleged the obtaining of property by deception contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1968 , the particulars being that on or about 16 March 1988 the appellant dishonestly obtained from the Halifax Building Society a cheque for £150,000 by falsely representing ( a ) that his basic annual income was £90,000 , ( b ) that he had never been bankrupt and did not have any judgment or proceedings for debt outstanding and ( c ) that he did not have any bank or other loans or charge/credit card debts .
count 1 alleged the obtaining of property by deception contrary to section 15 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1968 , the [details] being that on or about 16 march 1988 the appellant dishonestly obtained from the halifax building society a cheque for £150,000 by falsely representing ( a ) that his basic annual income was £90,000 , ( b ) that he had never been bankrupt and did not have any judgment or proceedings for debt outstanding and ( c ) that he did not have any bank or other loans or charge/credit card debts .

‘ The property of the bankrupt divisible amongst his creditors , and in this Act referred to as the property of the bankrupt , shall not comprise the following particulars .
‘ the property of the bankrupt divisible amongst his creditors , and in this act referred to as the property of the bankrupt , shall not comprise the following [details] .

Where inability to pay is based upon an unsatisfied execution , the court from which the execution or other process was issued must be specified together with particulars of the return , for example , the bailiff 's return to a warrant of execution or the sheriff 's return to a writ of fieri facias that there were no goods to levy upon .
where inability to pay is based upon an unsatisfied execution , the court from which the execution or other process was issued must be specified together with [details] of the return , for example , the bailiff 's return to a warrant of execution or the sheriff 's return to a writ of fieri facias that there were no goods to levy upon .

If the debtor has within the last five years been bankrupt , made a composition with his creditors , been subject to a county court administration order or entered into a voluntary arrangement , particulars must be given including the name and address of the supervisor ( r6.39 ( 2 ) ) .
if the debtor has within the last five years been bankrupt , made a composition with his creditors , been subject to a county court administration order or entered into a voluntary arrangement , [details] must be given including the name and address of the supervisor ( r6.39 ( 2 ) ) .

The court may direct that particulars of the alleged debt be advertised , and if no claim on the security is made within twelve months , the court can , on application , order the release of the security ( r 6.211 ( 4 ) ) .
the court may direct that [details] of the alleged debt be advertised , and if no claim on the security is made within twelve months , the court can , on application , order the release of the security ( r 6.211 ( 4 ) ) .

The statement of affairs must be in Form 6.33 ( in Sched 4 to the rules ) and must contain all the particulars required by that form ( r 6.59 ) .
the statement of affairs must be in form 6.33 ( in sched 4 to the rules ) and must contain all the [details] required by that form ( r 6.59 ) .

The bankrupt must submit a sworn statement of affairs containing the prescribed particulars ( Form 6.33 in Sched 4 to the rules ) within twenty-one days of the bankruptcy order or such longer period as the official receiver may allow ( s 288(1) ) .
the bankrupt must submit a sworn statement of affairs containing the prescribed [details] ( form 6.33 in sched 4 to the rules ) within twenty-one days of the bankruptcy order or such longer period as the official receiver may allow ( s 288(1) ) .

The notice , which can be sent out with the dividend itself , must include the following particulars : ( i ) amounts realised from the sale of assets ; ( ii ) payments made by the trustee in the administration of the estate ; ( iii ) provision for unsettled claims and funds retained for particular purposes ; ( iv ) the total amount to be distributed and the rate of dividend ; and ( v ) whether , and if so when , any further dividend is expected to be declared ( r 11.6 ( 2 ) ) .
the notice , which can be sent out with the dividend itself , must include the following [details] : ( i ) amounts realised from the sale of assets ; ( ii ) payments made by the trustee in the administration of the estate ; ( iii ) provision for unsettled claims and funds retained for particular purposes ; ( iv ) the total amount to be distributed and the rate of dividend ; and ( v ) whether , and if so when , any further dividend is expected to be declared ( r 11.6 ( 2 ) ) .

The trustee when declaring a dividend must give notice stating how the dividend is proposed to be distributed and contain the prescribed particulars of the bankrupt 's estate ( s 324(3) ) .
the trustee when declaring a dividend must give notice stating how the dividend is proposed to be distributed and contain the prescribed [details] of the bankrupt 's estate ( s 324(3) ) .

( b ) The applicant is bound to lodge with his application a plan of the canteen and particulars of the means of access , and of the sanitary accommodation : Sched .
( b ) the applicant is bound to lodge with his application a plan of the canteen and [details] of the means of access , and of the sanitary accommodation : sched .

Secondly , even if man could achieve the impossible and live a perfect life , fulfilling the divine requirements in all particulars , a doctrine of merit would remain unacceptable to the God of the Bible .
secondly , even if man could achieve the impossible and live a perfect life , fulfilling the divine requirements in all [details] , a doctrine of merit would remain unacceptable to the god of the bible .

All he had to do was to come round when you called and sign the death certificate with all particulars correct .
all he had to do was to come round when you called and sign the death certificate with all [details] correct .

’ ‘ Particulars , Father .
’ ‘ [details] , father .

Particulars .
[details] .

‘ Now it is a general rule , that no court of limited jurisdiction can give itself jurisdiction by a wrong decision on a point collateral to the merits of the case upon which the limit to its jurisdiction depends ; and however its decision may be final on all particulars , making up together that subject-matter which , if true , is within its jurisdiction , and , however necessary in many cases it may be for it to make a preliminary inquiry , whether some collateral matter be or be not within the limits , yet , upon this preliminary question , its decision must always be open to inquiry in the superior Court . ’
‘ now it is a general rule , that no court of limited jurisdiction can give itself jurisdiction by a wrong decision on a point collateral to the merits of the case upon which the limit to its jurisdiction depends ; and however its decision may be final on all [details] , making up together that subject-matter which , if true , is within its jurisdiction , and , however necessary in many cases it may be for it to make a preliminary inquiry , whether some collateral matter be or be not within the limits , yet , upon this preliminary question , its decision must always be open to inquiry in the superior court . ’

In a footnote to an observation made in Mull , Boswell writes , ‘ It is no small satisfaction to me to reflect , that Dr Johnson read this , and , after being apprised of my intention , communicated to me , at subsequent periods , many particulars of his life , which probably could not otherwise have been preserved .
in a footnote to an observation made in mull , boswell writes , ‘ it is no small satisfaction to me to reflect , that dr johnson read this , and , after being apprised of my intention , communicated to me , at subsequent periods , many [details] of his life , which probably could not otherwise have been preserved .

Fixtures and Fittings : All fixtures and fitting mentioned in these particulars are included in the sale ; all others are expressly excluded .
fixtures and fittings : all fixtures and fitting mentioned in these [details] are included in the sale ; all others are expressly excluded .

All items of fixtures and fittings except those mentioned in these sale particulars are excluded from the sale .
all items of fixtures and fittings except those mentioned in these sale [details] are excluded from the sale .

Certain other items may be available by separate negotiation , but any other items not mentioned in these particulars are excluded from the sale .
certain other items may be available by separate negotiation , but any other items not mentioned in these [details] are excluded from the sale .

Brief particulars of application
brief [details] of application

Brief particulars of development
brief [details] of development

Brief particulars of application
brief [details] of application

Brief particulars of development
brief [details] of development

Closer to , memorial detail became apparent : elaborate confections in the form of open books inscribed with the particulars of the departed , weeping cherubs and angels , praying heads and exuberant crosses .
closer to , memorial detail became apparent : elaborate confections in the form of open books inscribed with the [details] of the departed , weeping cherubs and angels , praying heads and exuberant crosses .

They asked for particulars ; pink tie made some notes .
they asked for [details] ; pink tie made some notes .

In short , Storr 's latter-day fame rests upon two particulars : first , that he was fortunate in working alongside some of the most talented artists , designers , and craftsmen of his time ; and second , that the bulk of Rundell , Bridge & Rundell 's productions in silver during the years of their greatest success were made under his ( Storr & Co. 's ) management and thus bear his mark .
in short , storr 's latter-day fame rests upon two [details] : first , that he was fortunate in working alongside some of the most talented artists , designers , and craftsmen of his time ; and second , that the bulk of rundell , bridge & rundell 's productions in silver during the years of their greatest success were made under his ( storr & co. 's ) management and thus bear his mark .

The effect of what is now sections 128 of the Act is that if particulars of such rights are not set out either in the memorandum or articles , or in a resolution or agreement ( a copy of which has to be sent to the Registrar under section 380 ) they must be given in a statement , in the prescribed form , sent to the Registrar within a month of allotment of the shares .
the effect of what is now sections 128 of the act is that if [details] of such rights are not set out either in the memorandum or articles , or in a resolution or agreement ( a copy of which has to be sent to the registrar under section 380 ) they must be given in a statement , in the prescribed form , sent to the registrar within a month of allotment of the shares .

Dealing first with ( a ) , the normal modus operandi in the case of new issues by public companies has been described in Chapter 13 : a would-be shareholder will apply in response to the prospectus , listing particulars or circular ; if the application is accepted he will be sent an allotment letter ; and this completes the needful agreement to become a member and shareholder .
dealing first with ( a ) , the normal modus operandi in the case of new issues by public companies has been described in chapter 13 : a would-be shareholder will apply in response to the prospectus , listing [details] or circular ; if the application is accepted he will be sent an allotment letter ; and this completes the needful agreement to become a member and shareholder .

The mechanics registration It is the duty of the company to submit prescribed particulars of a charge requiring registration to the Registrar who , in turn , is under a statutory obligation to maintain a register setting out these particulars .
the mechanics registration it is the duty of the company to submit prescribed [details] of a charge requiring registration to the registrar who , in turn , is under a statutory obligation to maintain a register setting out these [details] .

Unless the prescribed particulars of the charge are delivered to the Registrar within 21 days of the creation of the charge , it will be void against the administrator , liquidator , or any person who for value acquires an interest in or right over the property subject to the charge .
unless the prescribed [details] of the charge are delivered to the registrar within 21 days of the creation of the charge , it will be void against the administrator , liquidator , or any person who for value acquires an interest in or right over the property subject to the charge .

( iii ) Defective registration It may be that the charges register fails to disclose accurately particulars of the charge ; for example , it may contain inaccurate particulars of the amount secured , or the property subject to the charge .
( iii ) defective registration it may be that the charges register fails to disclose accurately [details] of the charge ; for example , it may contain inaccurate [details] of the amount secured , or the property subject to the charge .

Where the registered particulars of a charge are not complete and accurate , the charge is void to the extent of the rights not disclosed as against an administrator , liquidator or a person who acquires for value an interest or right over the property subject to the charge .
where the registered [details] of a charge are not complete and accurate , the charge is void to the extent of the rights not disclosed as against an administrator , liquidator or a person who acquires for value an interest or right over the property subject to the charge .

It can order the charge to be effective : ( i ) as against an administrator and liquidator , if it is satisfied that the inaccuracy did not prejudice any unsecured creditor or that no person became an unsecured creditor during the period when the registered particulars were defective and ( ii ) as against a person who acquires an interest , if that person was not misled by the unregistered particulars .
it can order the charge to be effective : ( i ) as against an administrator and liquidator , if it is satisfied that the inaccuracy did not prejudice any unsecured creditor or that no person became an unsecured creditor during the period when the registered [details] were defective and ( ii ) as against a person who acquires an interest , if that person was not misled by the unregistered [details] .

This is because ( as we have seen ) registered particulars means the particulars delivered for registration and where these are accurate the chargee will not be prejudiced by any defects arising from transcribing the submitted particulars on to the register .
this is because ( as we have seen ) registered [details] means the [details] delivered for registration and where these are accurate the chargee will not be prejudiced by any defects arising from transcribing the submitted [details] on to the register .

second , where on registration of a charge the Registrar ( as he can be required to do ) issues a certificate of registration stating the date on which particulars of a charge were delivered to him , this is made conclusive evidence that the particulars were delivered no later than the date stated on the certificate and a presumption that they were delivered no earlier .
second , where on registration of a charge the registrar ( as he can be required to do ) issues a certificate of registration stating the date on which [details] of a charge were delivered to him , this is made conclusive evidence that the [details] were delivered no later than the date stated on the certificate and a presumption that they were delivered no earlier .

This certificate is of critical importance since the date of delivery of the particulars is determinative of whether the charge has been registered within 21 days after the date of its creation .
this certificate is of critical importance since the date of delivery of the [details] is determinative of whether the charge has been registered within 21 days after the date of its creation .

Provision is made for the registration of further particulars relating to a charge , something of some importance given the effect of defective registration on the rights of the chargee .
provision is made for the registration of further [details] relating to a charge , something of some importance given the effect of defective registration on the rights of the chargee .

If the Registrar finds that the further particulars are in order , he must note the date of their receipt and send to the company and any person interested in the charge a copy of the particulars and the date on which they were delivered .
if the registrar finds that the further [details] are in order , he must note the date of their receipt and send to the company and any person interested in the charge a copy of the [details] and the date on which they were delivered .

As regards the registration of further particulars a number of points need to be emphasised .
as regards the registration of further [details] a number of points need to be emphasised .

First , section 401 applies to provisions which supplement or vary the particulars of an existing charge and therefore in some situations it will be necessary to distinguish between this and the creation of a new charge .
first , section 401 applies to provisions which supplement or vary the [details] of an existing charge and therefore in some situations it will be necessary to distinguish between this and the creation of a new charge .

Second , there is no time period within which the particulars have to be delivered and no criminal sanction for failure to deliver them .
second , there is no time period within which the [details] have to be delivered and no criminal sanction for failure to deliver them .

The only consequences will be those relating to the effect of omissions and errors in the registered particulars .
the only consequences will be those relating to the effect of omissions and errors in the registered [details] .

Third , the Registrar 's certificate will be given the same effect as regards further particulars as it has with respect to the creation of a charge .
third , the registrar 's certificate will be given the same effect as regards further [details] as it has with respect to the creation of a charge .

This includes the address of the company 's registered office and particulars of the directors and secretary .
this includes the address of the company 's registered office and [details] of the directors and secretary .

And if , in special circumstances , compliance with a provision of the Schedules would be inconsistent with the requirement to give a true and fair view the directors must depart from that provision to the extent necessary , giving , in a note to the accounts , particulars of the departure and the reasons for , and effect of , it .
and if , in special circumstances , compliance with a provision of the schedules would be inconsistent with the requirement to give a true and fair view the directors must depart from that provision to the extent necessary , giving , in a note to the accounts , [details] of the departure and the reasons for , and effect of , it .

Moreover , if the requirements of Schedule 6 ( disclosure of emoluments and benefits of directors ) are not complied with in the accounts , ‘ the auditors shall include in their report , so far as they are reasonably able to do so , a statement giving the required particulars .
moreover , if the requirements of schedule 6 ( disclosure of emoluments and benefits of directors ) are not complied with in the accounts , ‘ the auditors shall include in their report , so far as they are reasonably able to do so , a statement giving the required [details] .

‘ It shall be stated whether the accounts have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards and particulars of any material departure from those standards and the reason for it shall be given .
‘ it shall be stated whether the accounts have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards and [details] of any material departure from those standards and the reason for it shall be given .

shall prepare an annual statement of accounts in such form and containing such particulars , compiled in such a manner , as the Minister may from time to time direct with the approval of the Treasury . ‘
shall prepare an annual statement of accounts in such form and containing such [details] , compiled in such a manner , as the minister may from time to time direct with the approval of the treasury . ‘

’ She picked up a sheet of estate agent 's particulars .
’ she picked up a sheet of estate agent 's [details] .

To begin either action , the plaintiff must file at the court office a formal request to the registrar , now the district judge , to issue a summons to commence the action together with the particulars of claim .
to begin either action , the plaintiff must file at the court office a formal request to the registrar , now the district judge , to issue a summons to commence the action together with the [details] of claim .

There is no specific form for the particulars of claim , even though the object of the particulars is to inform the defendant with sufficient particularity of the claim against him or her .
there is no specific form for the [details] of claim , even though the object of the [details] is to inform the defendant with sufficient particularity of the claim against him or her .

Once the request and the particulars of claim have been filed and the appropriate fee paid , the district judge must enter a plaint in the court record and , for a fixed date action , fix a return day on which the pre-trial review is to take place or the action is to be heard .
once the request and the [details] of claim have been filed and the appropriate fee paid , the district judge must enter a plaint in the court record and , for a fixed date action , fix a return day on which the pre-trial review is to take place or the action is to be heard .

The district judge must also prepare and issue a summons , together with the particulars of claim , and this is normally served by a court officer on the defendant .
the district judge must also prepare and issue a summons , together with the [details] of claim , and this is normally served by a court officer on the defendant .

The defendant may request further and better particulars of the claim and the court has the power to require the plaintiff to supply them on pain of having the action dismissed .
the defendant may request further and better [details] of the claim and the court has the power to require the plaintiff to supply them on pain of having the action dismissed .

Russell , for example , thought that the reduction in ( a ) was possible , by translating all indexicals ( or as he preferred , egocentric Particulars ) into expressions containing this , where the latter referred to a subjective experience .
russell , for example , thought that the reduction in ( a ) was possible , by translating all indexicals ( or as he preferred , egocentric [details] ) into expressions containing this , where the latter referred to a subjective experience .

Listing particulars
listing [details]

( b ) the requirement for listing particulars where listed securities are being offered in connection with the takeover ( ss142-157 ) and the liability to pay compensation for defective particulars or a failure to publish supplementary listing particulars when required to do so ( s150 ) ;
( b ) the requirement for listing [details] where listed securities are being offered in connection with the takeover ( ss142-157 ) and the liability to pay compensation for defective [details] or a failure to publish supplementary listing [details] when required to do so ( s150 ) ;

Particulars Definitions and Interpretation
[details] definitions and interpretation

It is now common practice to commence a lease with particulars , definitions and interpretation , which are particularly useful as leases have become longer .
it is now common practice to commence a lease with [details] , definitions and interpretation , which are particularly useful as leases have become longer .

The particulars in fact also act as a ready reference in certain respects .
the [details] in fact also act as a ready reference in certain respects .

1 Particulars
1 [details]

There is no objection to including a definition of the centre in the particulars part of the lease , although it may more usually be included in clause 2 under the definitions section .
there is no objection to including a definition of the centre in the [details] part of the lease , although it may more usually be included in clause 2 under the definitions section .

1.3 The premises Unit no of the Centre more particularly defined in the First Schedule The premises must be readily identifiable and provision in the particulars is mainly for a unit or postal number to be inserted .
1.3 the premises unit no of the centre more particularly defined in the first schedule the premises must be readily identifiable and provision in the [details] is mainly for a unit or postal number to be inserted .

5.19 Statutory notices etc To give full particulars to the Landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the Premises made given or issued to the Tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the Landlord to produce it to the Landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the Landlord but at the cost of the Tenant to make or join with the Landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the Landlord shall deem expedient Seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .
5.19 statutory notices etc to give full [details] to the landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the premises made given or issued to the tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the landlord to produce it to the landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the landlord but at the cost of the tenant to make or join with the landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the landlord shall deem expedient seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .

( b ) Identity of estate agent The estate agent will forward full particulars of the sale that has been negotiated , and in these circumstances , it is important to know his or her identity .
( b ) identity of estate agent the estate agent will forward full [details] of the sale that has been negotiated , and in these circumstances , it is important to know his or her identity .

( f ) Fixtures and fittings Check the sale particulars as well as asking the client .
( f ) fixtures and fittings check the sale [details] as well as asking the client .

The agents ' particulars may give some indication with regard to this .
the agents ' [details] may give some indication with regard to this .

Sometimes , the estate agent 's particulars are not very explicit about what is included and what is not , and in any event , sellers may change their minds , or may throw in certain items such as carpets and curtains in the course of the negotiations to settle a price .
sometimes , the estate agent 's [details] are not very explicit about what is included and what is not , and in any event , sellers may change their minds , or may throw in certain items such as carpets and curtains in the course of the negotiations to settle a price .

( 6 ) Please confirm that all fixtures and fittings referred to in the selling agents ' particulars , if any , are included in the purchase price .
( 6 ) please confirm that all fixtures and fittings referred to in the selling agents ' [details] , if any , are included in the purchase price .

If so , please supply particulars .
if so , please supply [details] .

Particulars of the principal Registers and the persons and bodies who should register and search are given below .
[details] of the principal registers and the persons and bodies who should register and search are given below .

If a reply clearly refers to the land you are interested in , consider whether you have already had particulars of this on the title you have investigated .
if a reply clearly refers to the land you are interested in , consider whether you have already had [details] of this on the title you have investigated .

It 's the obligation of the company to register with the Registrar of Companies particulars of all mortgages and charges ( including debentures ) and the duty of every mortgagee to ensure compliance with that obligation .
it 's the obligation of the company to register with the registrar of companies [details] of all mortgages and charges ( including debentures ) and the duty of every mortgagee to ensure compliance with that obligation .

In the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the Registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , particulars of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the Registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .
in the case of positive covenants contained in transfers of registered property , it 's the practice of the registry to bind up in the land or charge certificate , [details] of such covenants , because the transfer containing them is retained in the registry , and so the registered proprietor 's solicitor could otherwise easily overlook them .

To avoid customers being prejudiced in this way , a firm must not effect a contingent liability transaction unless it can show that it believes on reasonable grounds that the customer understands : ( 1 ) The circumstances under which he may be required to provide any margin ; ( 2 ) Particulars of the form in which the margin may be provided ; ( 3 ) Particulars of the steps which the firm may be entitled to take if the customer fails to provide the required margin ; ( 4 ) That failure by the customer to meet a margin call may lead to the firm closing out his position after time limits specified by the firm , and that the firm will be required to close out the position in any event after a period of five business days ; and ( 5 ) That circumstances other than failure to provide margin may lead to the customer 's position being closed out with prior reference to him .
to avoid customers being prejudiced in this way , a firm must not effect a contingent liability transaction unless it can show that it believes on reasonable grounds that the customer understands : ( 1 ) the circumstances under which he may be required to provide any margin ; ( 2 ) [details] of the form in which the margin may be provided ; ( 3 ) [details] of the steps which the firm may be entitled to take if the customer fails to provide the required margin ; ( 4 ) that failure by the customer to meet a margin call may lead to the firm closing out his position after time limits specified by the firm , and that the firm will be required to close out the position in any event after a period of five business days ; and ( 5 ) that circumstances other than failure to provide margin may lead to the customer 's position being closed out with prior reference to him .

Client particulars given to the firm after the deal is executed to put in the contract note do not identify the intermediary 's client for this purpose ; he was unidentified when the deal was done .
client [details] given to the firm after the deal is executed to put in the contract note do not identify the intermediary 's client for this purpose ; he was unidentified when the deal was done .

In the case of registered land , sufficient particulars of the title or office copy entries of the registered title can be supplied to enable the wife 's solicitors to draw a transfer .
in the case of registered land , sufficient [details] of the title or office copy entries of the registered title can be supplied to enable the wife 's solicitors to draw a transfer .

In the case of registered land , sufficient particulars of title or office copy entries of the same should be supplied to the wife 's solicitors .
in the case of registered land , sufficient [details] of title or office copy entries of the same should be supplied to the wife 's solicitors .

With a wry shrug of her slim shoulders Laura made herself a ham sandwich before wandering back into what the estate agent 's particulars had referred to as ‘ a huge reception-room ’ .
with a wry shrug of her slim shoulders laura made herself a ham sandwich before wandering back into what the estate agent 's [details] had referred to as ‘ a huge reception-room ’ .

Its particulars may be specified by a diagram such as Fig .
its [details] may be specified by a diagram such as fig .

Forms of particulars of claim are supplied by the court office to parties in person .
forms of [details] of claim are supplied by the court office to parties in person .

Where the circumstances are that a plaintiff ( such as a mail order company ) wishes to bring separate proceedings in one county court against a great number of defendants , provision is made for a combined request and particulars of claims by the Lord Chancellor 's Practice Directions made on 1 March 1979 and 17 March 1987 setting out full instructions ; these are given in the notes under Ord 3 , r 3 in The County Court Practice .
where the circumstances are that a plaintiff ( such as a mail order company ) wishes to bring separate proceedings in one county court against a great number of defendants , provision is made for a combined request and [details] of claims by the lord chancellor 's practice directions made on 1 march 1979 and 17 march 1987 setting out full instructions ; these are given in the notes under ord 3 , r 3 in the county court practice .

The particulars of claim in actions against the Crown must specify the circumstances in which the Crown 's liability is said to have arisen and " as to the government department and officers of the Crown concerned " ( Ord 42 , r 4 ) .
the [details] of claim in actions against the crown must specify the circumstances in which the crown 's liability is said to have arisen and " as to the government department and officers of the crown concerned " ( ord 42 , r 4 ) .

If the Crown does not consider the particulars of claim give sufficient information as to the government department and officers concerned under Ord 42 , r 4 , it may , before the time for filing a defence has expired , file with the court two copies of a request for such information , one of which is sent to the plaintiff .
if the crown does not consider the [details] of claim give sufficient information as to the government department and officers concerned under ord 42 , r 4 , it may , before the time for filing a defence has expired , file with the court two copies of a request for such information , one of which is sent to the plaintiff .

An order may be made staying an action , until a request for particulars has been completed , or , in the case of defendants , barring them from defending ( see Ord 5 , r 9 ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) ) .
an order may be made staying an action , until a request for [details] has been completed , or , in the case of defendants , barring them from defending ( see ord 5 , r 9 ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) ) .

If the sole purpose of bringing an action for a money claim is to obtain such consent , the particulars of claim need state the case only briefly and ask for approval ( Ord 10 , r 10 ) .
if the sole purpose of bringing an action for a money claim is to obtain such consent , the [details] of claim need state the case only briefly and ask for approval ( ord 10 , r 10 ) .

Particulars of Claim
[details] of claim

Order 6 deals with particulars of claim .
order 6 deals with [details] of claim .

Particulars of claim are signed by the plaintiff or by solicitors acting for the plaintiff giving an address for service ( Ord 6 , r 8 ) .
[details] of claim are signed by the plaintiff or by solicitors acting for the plaintiff giving an address for service ( ord 6 , r 8 ) .

In the case of debts , a copy of or repetition of the plaintiff 's bill or account is accepted ( Ord 6 , r 2 ) ; otherwise the particulars of claim could state `` for goods sold and delivered `` , or `` for work done and materials supplied `` with particulars ; to say `` account rendered `` would not be sufficient .
in the case of debts , a copy of or repetition of the plaintiff 's bill or account is accepted ( ord 6 , r 2 ) ; otherwise the [details] of claim could state `` for goods sold and delivered `` , or `` for work done and materials supplied `` with [details] ; to say `` account rendered `` would not be sufficient .

If a plaintiff abandons the excess of his claim to bring it within the jurisdiction of the county court , the abandonment must be stated at the end of the particulars ( Ord 6 , r 1 ( 3 ) ) .
if a plaintiff abandons the excess of his claim to bring it within the jurisdiction of the county court , the abandonment must be stated at the end of the [details] ( ord 6 , r 1 ( 3 ) ) .

Where a plaintiff in the first instance desires to have an account taken , the particulars must state the amount which the plaintiff claims subject to the taking of the account , and if no such amount is stated , the plaintiff will be deemed to claim £5,000 ( Ord 6 , r 2 ) .
where a plaintiff in the first instance desires to have an account taken , the [details] must state the amount which the plaintiff claims subject to the taking of the account , and if no such amount is stated , the plaintiff will be deemed to claim £5,000 ( ord 6 , r 2 ) .

It is assumed that a claim is limited to £5,000 , and so falls within the trial jurisdiction of the district judge , unless it is stated in the particulars that the claim is more .
it is assumed that a claim is limited to £5,000 , and so falls within the trial jurisdiction of the district judge , unless it is stated in the [details] that the claim is more .

Further particulars
further [details]

The delivery of a request for further and better particulars is not a condition precedent to the making of an order for them , but the failure to make a prior request is a ground for refusing the order : Ord 6 , r 7 .
the delivery of a request for further and better [details] is not a condition precedent to the making of an order for them , but the failure to make a prior request is a ground for refusing the order : ord 6 , r 7 .

Particulars delivered pursuant to an order , or to a request , must incorporate the text of the order , or of the request .
[details] delivered pursuant to an order , or to a request , must incorporate the text of the order , or of the request .

Where the plaintiff claims an injunction or declaration unaccompanied by any other claim for relief under s 22 of the 1984 Act , the particulars of claim must give a full description of the land and the annual value for rating ( Ord 6 , r 4 ) .
where the plaintiff claims an injunction or declaration unaccompanied by any other claim for relief under s 22 of the 1984 act , the [details] of claim must give a full description of the land and the annual value for rating ( ord 6 , r 4 ) .

Where a plaintiff claims the delivery of goods let under a hire-purchase agreement to a person other than a body corporate , he shall in his particulars state in the following order : ( 1 ) the date of the agreement and the parties to it , with the number of the agreement or sufficient particulars to enable the debtor to identify the agreement ; ( 2 ) where the plaintiff was not one of the original parties to the agreement , the means by which the rights and duties of the creditor under the agreement passed to him ; ( 3 ) whether the agreement is a regulated agreement and , if it is not a regulated agreement , the reason why ; ( 4 ) the place where the agreement was signed by the debtor ( if known ) ; ( 5 ) the goods claimed ; ( 6 ) the total price of the goods ; ( 7 ) the paid-up sum ; ( 8 ) the unpaid balance of the total price ; ( 9 ) whether a default notice or a notice under s 76(1) or s 98(1) of the Consumer Credit Act 1974 has been served on the debtor and if it has , the date on which and the manner in which it was so served ; ( 10 ) the date when the right to demand delivery of the goods accrued ; ( 11 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed as an alternative to the delivery of the goods ; and ( 12 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed in addition to the delivery of the goods or any claim under sub-paragraph ( 10 ) , stating the cause of action in respect of which each such claim is made .
where a plaintiff claims the delivery of goods let under a hire-purchase agreement to a person other than a body corporate , he shall in his [details] state in the following order : ( 1 ) the date of the agreement and the parties to it , with the number of the agreement or sufficient [details] to enable the debtor to identify the agreement ; ( 2 ) where the plaintiff was not one of the original parties to the agreement , the means by which the rights and duties of the creditor under the agreement passed to him ; ( 3 ) whether the agreement is a regulated agreement and , if it is not a regulated agreement , the reason why ; ( 4 ) the place where the agreement was signed by the debtor ( if known ) ; ( 5 ) the goods claimed ; ( 6 ) the total price of the goods ; ( 7 ) the paid-up sum ; ( 8 ) the unpaid balance of the total price ; ( 9 ) whether a default notice or a notice under s 76(1) or s 98(1) of the consumer credit act 1974 has been served on the debtor and if it has , the date on which and the manner in which it was so served ; ( 10 ) the date when the right to demand delivery of the goods accrued ; ( 11 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed as an alternative to the delivery of the goods ; and ( 12 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed in addition to the delivery of the goods or any claim under sub-paragraph ( 10 ) , stating the cause of action in respect of which each such claim is made .

Where a plaintiff 's claim arises out of a hire-purchase agreement , but is not for the delivery of goods , he shall in his particulars state in the following order : ( 1 ) the date of the agreement and the parties to it with the number of the agreement or sufficient particulars to enable the debtor to identify the agreement ; ( 2 ) where the plaintiff was not one of the original parties to the agreement , the means by which the rights and duties of the creditor under the agreement passed to him ; ( 3 ) whether the agreement is a regulated agreement and , if it is not a regulated agreement , the reason why ; ( 4 ) the place where the agreement was signed by the debtor ( if known ) ; ( 5 ) the goods let under the agreement ; ( 6 ) the amount of the total price ; ( 7 ) the paid-up sum ; ( 8 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed as being due and unpaid in respect of any instalment or instalments of the total price ; and ( 9 ) the nature and amount of any other claim and the circumstances in which it arises .
where a plaintiff 's claim arises out of a hire-purchase agreement , but is not for the delivery of goods , he shall in his [details] state in the following order : ( 1 ) the date of the agreement and the parties to it with the number of the agreement or sufficient [details] to enable the debtor to identify the agreement ; ( 2 ) where the plaintiff was not one of the original parties to the agreement , the means by which the rights and duties of the creditor under the agreement passed to him ; ( 3 ) whether the agreement is a regulated agreement and , if it is not a regulated agreement , the reason why ; ( 4 ) the place where the agreement was signed by the debtor ( if known ) ; ( 5 ) the goods let under the agreement ; ( 6 ) the amount of the total price ; ( 7 ) the paid-up sum ; ( 8 ) the amount ( if any ) claimed as being due and unpaid in respect of any instalment or instalments of the total price ; and ( 9 ) the nature and amount of any other claim and the circumstances in which it arises .

The particulars of claim must contain information as to the circumstances in which it is alleged that the liability of the Crown has arisen and as to the government departments and officers of the Crown concerned ( Ord 42 , r 4 ) .
the [details] of claim must contain information as to the circumstances in which it is alleged that the liability of the crown has arisen and as to the government departments and officers of the crown concerned ( ord 42 , r 4 ) .

Precedent of claim to be inserted at the foot of the Particulars of Claim
precedent of claim to be inserted at the foot of the [details] of claim

The solicitor presents copy summonses ( two copies for the court and one for every defendant ) at the court office with the particulars of claim , medical reports , details of special damage and fee .
the solicitor presents copy summonses ( two copies for the court and one for every defendant ) at the court office with the [details] of claim , medical reports , details of special damage and fee .

[ The request for summons and the particulars of claim must contain the certificates required by Ord 3 , r 3 ( 5 ) — ( 8 ) or r 4 ( 7 ) .
[ the request for summons and the [details] of claim must contain the certificates required by ord 3 , r 3 ( 5 ) — ( 8 ) or r 4 ( 7 ) .

( 3 ) In addition to the sum claimed , judgment for interest to date of judgment or payment if earlier , may be given ( i ) at the contractual or statutory rate specified in the particulars of claim or ( ii ) if no rate is specified , at the rate allowed in the High Court ( when the summons is issued ) , assessed without appointment ( Ord 9 , r 8 ) .
( 3 ) in addition to the sum claimed , judgment for interest to date of judgment or payment if earlier , may be given ( i ) at the contractual or statutory rate specified in the [details] of claim or ( ii ) if no rate is specified , at the rate allowed in the high court ( when the summons is issued ) , assessed without appointment ( ord 9 , r 8 ) .

Further particulars of claim
further [details] of claim

If a defendant requires further particulars , he should first send a written request to the plaintiff .
if a defendant requires further [details] , he should first send a written request to the plaintiff .

If the particulars are not supplied , he may apply to the court , which will only order particulars before defence for good reason ( Ord 6 , r 7 ( 2 ) ) .
if the [details] are not supplied , he may apply to the court , which will only order [details] before defence for good reason ( ord 6 , r 7 ( 2 ) ) .

The further particulars given must incorporate the request or order .
the further [details] given must incorporate the request or order .

Defence and further particulars
defence and further [details]

The procedure for the obtaining and giving of further particulars of defence is the same as appertains in relation to further particulars of claim .
the procedure for the obtaining and giving of further [details] of defence is the same as appertains in relation to further [details] of claim .

Pleadings and particulars in general The court has general powers to order a pleading or particulars to be filed and delivered and these may be exercised by the court on applications or , if the court wishes the issue to be defined , on the court 's own motion ( Ord 6 , r 7(1) , Ord 9 , r 11(2) and ( 3 ) and Ord 13 , r 2(1) and ( 2 ) ) .
pleadings and [details] in general the court has general powers to order a pleading or [details] to be filed and delivered and these may be exercised by the court on applications or , if the court wishes the issue to be defined , on the court 's own motion ( ord 6 , r 7(1) , ord 9 , r 11(2) and ( 3 ) and ord 13 , r 2(1) and ( 2 ) ) .

An order for delivery of particulars may direct that in default the proceedings be dismissed , or that the defendant or respondent be debarred from defending , or that part of a pleading be struck out ( Ord 13 , r 2 ( 2 ) ) .
an order for delivery of [details] may direct that in default the proceedings be dismissed , or that the defendant or respondent be debarred from defending , or that part of a pleading be struck out ( ord 13 , r 2 ( 2 ) ) .

Orders commonly sought are for the delivery of pleadings and particulars , and for discovery , and , as may be appropriate , for the following : ( 1 ) Amendment of pleadings and change of parties where leave is necessary .
orders commonly sought are for the delivery of pleadings and [details] , and for discovery , and , as may be appropriate , for the following : ( 1 ) amendment of pleadings and change of parties where leave is necessary .

Queen 's Bench Masters ' Practice Direction of 25 March , 1988 requires that where an order is made transferring an action from the Queen 's Bench Division to a county court , the party having carriage of the order by himself or his solicitor shall forthwith produce at the Filing Department of the Central Office the order transferring the action and shall file : ( 1 ) a copy of the order transferring the action ; ( 2 ) a statement of the names and addresses of the parties and of their solicitors ; ( 3 ) copies of any pleadings served ; ( 4 ) if he is the plaintiff and has not served a statement of claim , particulars of his claim together with a copy for each defendant ; ( 5 ) if he is the defendant and only a counterclaim is transferred and no counterclaim has been served , particulars of the counterclaim together with a copy for the plaintiff ; ( 6 ) where money has been paid into court , a copy of the notice of payment into court ; ( 7 ) a statement of the index numbers of any affidavits filed .
queen 's bench masters ' practice direction of 25 march , 1988 requires that where an order is made transferring an action from the queen 's bench division to a county court , the party having carriage of the order by himself or his solicitor shall forthwith produce at the filing department of the central office the order transferring the action and shall file : ( 1 ) a copy of the order transferring the action ; ( 2 ) a statement of the names and addresses of the parties and of their solicitors ; ( 3 ) copies of any pleadings served ; ( 4 ) if he is the plaintiff and has not served a statement of claim , [details] of his claim together with a copy for each defendant ; ( 5 ) if he is the defendant and only a counterclaim is transferred and no counterclaim has been served , [details] of the counterclaim together with a copy for the plaintiff ; ( 6 ) where money has been paid into court , a copy of the notice of payment into court ; ( 7 ) a statement of the index numbers of any affidavits filed .

Additionally , where sums in excess of £1,000 are involved , reference to arbitration may be made on application in the request or particulars of claim , the defence or counterclaim , or an application under Ord 13 , r 1 ( Ord 19 , r 2 ( 1 ) , and ( 2 ) ) .
additionally , where sums in excess of £1,000 are involved , reference to arbitration may be made on application in the request or [details] of claim , the defence or counterclaim , or an application under ord 13 , r 1 ( ord 19 , r 2 ( 1 ) , and ( 2 ) ) .

The basic requirement is that within 21 days after setting down , notice is to be given in a form which varies according to which section applies to the statement sought to be admitted ; more often than not this will be s 2 , seeking the admissability of a statement otherwise than in a document , when the notice must give particulars of the time , place and circumstances , at or in which the statement was made , the person by whom , and the person to whom , it was made and the substance of the statement or , if material , the words used .
the basic requirement is that within 21 days after setting down , notice is to be given in a form which varies according to which section applies to the statement sought to be admitted ; more often than not this will be s 2 , seeking the admissability of a statement otherwise than in a document , when the notice must give [details] of the time , place and circumstances , at or in which the statement was made , the person by whom , and the person to whom , it was made and the substance of the statement or , if material , the words used .

Where the person applying for a Certificate of Judgment is not a party , he must state in writing with particulars the purpose for which he requires the Certificate of Judgment and the capacity in which he applies and must satisfy the district judge that the application may properly be granted .
where the person applying for a certificate of judgment is not a party , he must state in writing with [details] the purpose for which he requires the certificate of judgment and the capacity in which he applies and must satisfy the district judge that the application may properly be granted .

In accordance with the county court rules , a request for the issue of a summons must be accompanied by particulars of claim , a statement of the special damages claimed and a medical report .
in accordance with the county court rules , a request for the issue of a summons must be accompanied by [details] of claim , a statement of the special damages claimed and a medical report .

It must be accompanied by particulars of claim , a medical report and a statement of special damages together with a copy of those documents for each defendant .
it must be accompanied by [details] of claim , a medical report and a statement of special damages together with a copy of those documents for each defendant .

1.45 Pleadings in running-down cases are usually in common form and none more so than the defence — often a straight denial of everything the plaintiff claims , although Ord 18 , r12 ( 1 ) ( c ) requires that where a claim for damages is made against a party , a defence must contain particulars of any facts on which the party relies in mitigation of , or otherwise in relation to , the amount of damages .
1.45 pleadings in running-down cases are usually in common form and none more so than the defence — often a straight denial of everything the plaintiff claims , although ord 18 , r12 ( 1 ) ( c ) requires that where a claim for damages is made against a party , a defence must contain [details] of any facts on which the party relies in mitigation of , or otherwise in relation to , the amount of damages .

The payment in can be made any time after service of the writ or particulars of claim , and should be made at least 21 days before trial if it is to protect the defendant in costs .
the payment in can be made any time after service of the writ or [details] of claim , and should be made at least 21 days before trial if it is to protect the defendant in costs .

Examples of such additional directions are for amendment of pleadings , further and better particulars , discovery by a defendant excused from this step under Ord 25 , r8 , more medical or other experts than Ord 25 , r8 allows , trial out of London or not at the trial centre for the District Registry in which the action is proceeding .
examples of such additional directions are for amendment of pleadings , further and better [details] , discovery by a defendant excused from this step under ord 25 , r8 , more medical or other experts than ord 25 , r8 allows , trial out of london or not at the trial centre for the district registry in which the action is proceeding .

Section 312 Companies Act 1985 makes it unlawful for any compensation for loss of office to be made to a director of a company in connection with the transfer of all or any part of the company , unless the nature and particulars of the proposed payment have been disclosed to the members of the company and have been approved by the company .
section 312 companies act 1985 makes it unlawful for any compensation for loss of office to be made to a director of a company in connection with the transfer of all or any part of the company , unless the nature and [details] of the proposed payment have been disclosed to the members of the company and have been approved by the company .

The Stock Exchange may , as discussed below , require the publication of announcements or listing particulars .
the stock exchange may , as discussed below , require the publication of announcements or listing [details] .

Listing particulars are technical documents which must be drafted by professionals and approved by the Stock Exchange and any transaction timetable must be adjusted accordingly .
listing [details] are technical documents which must be drafted by professionals and approved by the stock exchange and any transaction timetable must be adjusted accordingly .

The purchaser will also normally be treated as a new applicant for listing , its securities will be suspended and it will be required to publish listing particulars .
the purchaser will also normally be treated as a new applicant for listing , its securities will be suspended and it will be required to publish listing [details] .

The purchaser will need to prepare listing particulars unless listing particulars have been issued in the last year or the consideration shares will comprise less than 10 per cent of the listed shares after they have been issued .
the purchaser will need to prepare listing [details] unless listing [details] have been issued in the last year or the consideration shares will comprise less than 10 per cent of the listed shares after they have been issued .

Secondly , is the position on milk optimal ? If there is wasteful duplication , governmental ( or neighbourhood ) intervention is in principle desirable to award the street 's milk contract to one firm , then if necessary to control its pricing behaviour . Alternatively , why have private supply of milk ? Since the industry is in any case organized in some particulars by the Milk Marketing Board , a governmental agency , why not award them the contract for nationwide milk supply ?
secondly , is the position on milk optimal ? if there is wasteful duplication , governmental ( or neighbourhood ) intervention is in principle desirable to award the street 's milk contract to one firm , then if necessary to control its pricing behaviour . alternatively , why have private supply of milk ? since the industry is in any case organized in some [details] by the milk marketing board , a governmental agency , why not award them the contract for nationwide milk supply ?

The underlying themes of Adam Smith parallel those of Lord Mansfield , even if there is rarely a coincidence in particulars .
the underlying themes of adam smith parallel those of lord mansfield , even if there is rarely a coincidence in [details] .

All members of both companies must be com-prehensively informed of all relevant particulars of the other company .
all members of both companies must be com-prehensively informed of all relevant [details] of the other company .

Further , Hayek argues that constructivist rationalists are guilty of ‘ the synoptic delusion ’ ; that is , the belief that all relevant social facts are capable of being known to some one mind , and that it is possible to construct from this knowledge of the particulars a desirable social order .
further , hayek argues that constructivist rationalists are guilty of ‘ the synoptic delusion ’ ; that is , the belief that all relevant social facts are capable of being known to some one mind , and that it is possible to construct from this knowledge of the [details] a desirable social order .

The models and types may vary , but usually the guest is given one key to the box for which a signature is requested , and the particulars are recorded in a key receipt book .
the models and types may vary , but usually the guest is given one key to the box for which a signature is requested , and the [details] are recorded in a key receipt book .

Some philosophical writings on causation consist in good part in a somewhat numinous insistence on the distinctive nature of the causal items as against their effects — causes , for example , are declared to be `` powerful particulars `` or `` forceful objects at work `` .
some philosophical writings on causation consist in good part in a somewhat numinous insistence on the distinctive nature of the causal items as against their effects — causes , for example , are declared to be `` powerful [details] `` or `` forceful objects at work `` .

We have found causation to consist , at bottom , in connections between particulars .
we have found causation to consist , at bottom , in connections between [details] .

‘ In fact , so many of the thoughts in the opera are so simple , or even simplistic in other particulars .
‘ in fact , so many of the thoughts in the opera are so simple , or even simplistic in other [details] .

Particulars of the British fertility decline
[details] of the british fertility decline

v. Galliher the court ordered the defendant to disclose full particulars of a flat in Paris ( which was thought to contain valuable pictures and objets d'art allegedly transferred to the defendant in fraud of the creditors of another ) , to verify the information on affidavit , and to permit a named French avocat to inspect the contents of the flat .
v. galliher the court ordered the defendant to disclose full [details] of a flat in paris ( which was thought to contain valuable pictures and objets d'art allegedly transferred to the defendant in fraud of the creditors of another ) , to verify the information on affidavit , and to permit a named french avocat to inspect the contents of the flat .

The Policyholder or his legal personal representatives shall give notice in writing to the Head Office or any Branch Office of the Corporation as soon as possible after the occurrence of any accident loss or damage with full particulars thereof .
the policyholder or his legal personal representatives shall give notice in writing to the head office or any branch office of the corporation as soon as possible after the occurrence of any accident loss or damage with full [details] thereof .

The Policyholder or his legal personal representatives shall give notice in writing to the Corporation as soon as possible after the occurrence of any accident injury loss or damage with full particulars thereof .
the policyholder or his legal personal representatives shall give notice in writing to the corporation as soon as possible after the occurrence of any accident injury loss or damage with full [details] thereof .

The interests of the Directors and of the Company Secretary in the shares of the Company at the dates shown ( or from date of appointment if after 31 December 1991 ) together with particulars of their holdings and those of immediate families , were :
the interests of the directors and of the company secretary in the shares of the company at the dates shown ( or from date of appointment if after 31 december 1991 ) together with [details] of their holdings and those of immediate families , were :

Documents must not be handed to drivers or otherwise issued with blank spaces for recording particulars of tare weights or net weights .
documents must not be handed to drivers or otherwise issued with blank spaces for recording [details] of tare weights or net weights .

Similarly , particulars of the load and registration number of the vehicle must also be inserted .
similarly , [details] of the load and registration number of the vehicle must also be inserted .

Hornby , as Chief Officer and Vice-Chairman of the Council , issued the further particulars to candidates for the post he was intending to vacate the following year .
hornby , as chief officer and vice-chairman of the council , issued the further [details] to candidates for the post he was intending to vacate the following year .

Each local community has its own individual character and does not conform in all its particulars to a general type .
each local community has its own individual character and does not conform in all its [details] to a general type .

The directive contains requirements for the contents of prospectuses which broadly mirror those for listing particulars under the listing directive .
the directive contains requirements for the contents of prospectuses which broadly mirror those for listing [details] under the listing directive .

issue by a company of its own securities for cash provided it complies with the listing particulars provisions , or , as appropriate , the prospectus provisions .
issue by a company of its own securities for cash provided it complies with the listing [details] provisions , or , as appropriate , the prospectus provisions .

For example , an advertisement relating to the issue by a company of its own securities for cash is excluded from the advertising restriction provided it complies with the listing particulars provisions , or , as appropriate , the prospectus provisions .
for example , an advertisement relating to the issue by a company of its own securities for cash is excluded from the advertising restriction provided it complies with the listing [details] provisions , or , as appropriate , the prospectus provisions .

Any document that includes listing particulars , where new shares are to be listed , will be examined in great detail and a list of non-applicable items will be required .
any document that includes listing [details] , where new shares are to be listed , will be examined in great detail and a list of non-applicable items will be required .

If shares are being issued and listing particulars or a prospectus are required , reporting accountants may also be asked to provide a private comfort letter on the statement made by the directors as to the adequacy of working capital even if the transaction does not require formal comfort to be given .
if shares are being issued and listing [details] or a prospectus are required , reporting accountants may also be asked to provide a private comfort letter on the statement made by the directors as to the adequacy of working capital even if the transaction does not require formal comfort to be given .

Responsibility for listing particulars and prospectuses
responsibility for listing [details] and prospectuses

However , the responsibility for any report included in listing particulars or a prospectus ( for example , an accountants ' report ) remains with the person who has given his consent to the inclusion of that report in the form and context in which it is included .
however , the responsibility for any report included in listing [details] or a prospectus ( for example , an accountants ' report ) remains with the person who has given his consent to the inclusion of that report in the form and context in which it is included .

This contains the particulars , site plans and photographs of the properties and freehold and leasehold sites included in the sale .
this contains the [details] , site plans and photographs of the properties and freehold and leasehold sites included in the sale .

The new Property Misdescriptions Order covers 33 specific matters including any spoken statement , photograph , drawing , plan or particulars of sale relating to a property .
the new property misdescriptions order covers 33 specific matters including any spoken statement , photograph , drawing , plan or [details] of sale relating to a property .

Personal particulars — date of birth , next of kin , home address , telephone number , National Insurance number , career history , qualifications , annual performance reports , annual/sick leave details .
personal [details] — date of birth , next of kin , home address , telephone number , national insurance number , career history , qualifications , annual performance reports , annual/sick leave details .

It left the world unchanged save in a few interesting particulars .
it left the world unchanged save in a few interesting [details] .

The Driver in the case of a light engine then goes to the telephone to inform the Signalman each end of the tunnel and give them all particulars and if blocking both lines .
the driver in the case of a light engine then goes to the telephone to inform the signalman each end of the tunnel and give them all [details] and if blocking both lines .

And now perhaps you would be good enough to give me your particulars ?
and now perhaps you would be good enough to give me your [details] ?

The girl in the claims department took her particulars .
the girl in the claims department took her [details] .

Statement of Particulars
statement of [details]

Post : Date from which this Statement of Particulars is effective
post : date from which this statement of [details] is effective

For any subsequent amendments to these particulars , please refer to the agreements mentioned in this paragraph .
for any subsequent amendments to these [details] , please refer to the agreements mentioned in this paragraph .

If you have a grievance relating to your employment , please refer to the procedure agreed by the Council and set out in the document attached to this statement of particulars .
if you have a grievance relating to your employment , please refer to the procedure agreed by the council and set out in the document attached to this statement of [details] .

His leadership has been criticized in a number of particulars : the timing of the movement 's creation ( too early or too late ) ; the adoption of anti-communism , which had short-term benefits but turned Gaullism into a right-wing preserve ; the systematic hostility to parliament and refusal to negotiate with the parties ; the tactical mistake of refusing apparentements in June 1951 .
his leadership has been criticized in a number of [details] : the timing of the movement 's creation ( too early or too late ) ; the adoption of anti-communism , which had short-term benefits but turned gaullism into a right-wing preserve ; the systematic hostility to parliament and refusal to negotiate with the parties ; the tactical mistake of refusing apparentements in june 1951 .

, if at all possible Full particulars are in the leaflet on courses of which you had a copy .
, if at all possible full [details] are in the leaflet on courses of which you had a copy .

It is , in particulars the unnerving intellectuality of the life around him that Hölderlin attacks , the overvaluation of philosophizing and the promise of action that never comes , the substitution of books and words for deeds , the excessive introspection and lack of worldly competence ( the criticism has a special poignancy in that these are character traits he is intimately familiar with , which at times become part of his self-criticism ) When he speaks of Greece , it is not always clear whether he has in mind the fifth century or the timeless present in which Hyperion lives , but it is always Greece that provides the contrast .
it is , in [details] the unnerving intellectuality of the life around him that hölderlin attacks , the overvaluation of philosophizing and the promise of action that never comes , the substitution of books and words for deeds , the excessive introspection and lack of worldly competence ( the criticism has a special poignancy in that these are character traits he is intimately familiar with , which at times become part of his self-criticism ) when he speaks of greece , it is not always clear whether he has in mind the fifth century or the timeless present in which hyperion lives , but it is always greece that provides the contrast .

‘ Name ? ’ said the policeman to Amaranth and then took down her particulars .
‘ name ? ’ said the policeman to amaranth and then took down her [details] .

general propositions … [ are ] certainly true … yet we can come to no knowledge of them merely by our senses ; because they can not reach to all the particulars included in the subjects of them .
general propositions … [ are ] certainly true … yet we can come to no knowledge of them merely by our senses ; because they can not reach to all the [details] included in the subjects of them .

Like many other particulars , James and John are both men ; ‘ this ’ and ‘ that ’ may both be triangles .
like many other [details] , james and john are both men ; ‘ this ’ and ‘ that ’ may both be triangles .

According to the less extreme realism of Aristotle and many of his followers , ‘ universals ’ were dependent for their existence on sensible particulars , which ‘ embodied ’ them , often as their ‘ forms ’ or ‘ natures ’ .
according to the less extreme realism of aristotle and many of his followers , ‘ universals ’ were dependent for their existence on sensible [details] , which ‘ embodied ’ them , often as their ‘ forms ’ or ‘ natures ’ .

Though all things that exist in the extra-mental world are particulars and singular , it is nevertheless possible for us to form essentially general or abstract ideas .
though all things that exist in the extra-mental world are [details] and singular , it is nevertheless possible for us to form essentially general or abstract ideas .

Thus the name ‘ man ’ is simply a name used for a number of particulars , and any idea of ‘ man ’ is always an idea of some particular man , and simply reminds us of other particulars .
thus the name ‘ man ’ is simply a name used for a number of [details] , and any idea of ‘ man ’ is always an idea of some particular man , and simply reminds us of other [details] .

Yet it is not arbitrary that the idea of this particular should remind us of these and not other particulars , and that these and not the other particulars should have the same name used of them .
yet it is not arbitrary that the idea of this particular should remind us of these and not other [details] , and that these and not the other [details] should have the same name used of them .

Unlike Hobbes , however , he allows that ideas or concepts can be general , universal , or abstract , and need not be of particulars .
unlike hobbes , however , he allows that ideas or concepts can be general , universal , or abstract , and need not be of [details] .

’ Unlike Hobbes , he does not think that words are general by being collective names for a number of particulars ; ‘ they do not signify a plurality .
’ unlike hobbes , he does not think that words are general by being collective names for a number of [details] ; ‘ they do not signify a plurality .

He can not ‘ frame a general notion by abstracting from particulars ’ to form an ‘ abstract idea ’ of ‘ man ’ 'wherein , it is true there is included colour , because there is no man but has some colour , but then it can be neither white nor black , nor any particular colour ; because there is no one particular colour wherein all men partake .
he can not ‘ frame a general notion by abstracting from [details] ’ to form an ‘ abstract idea ’ of ‘ man ’ 'wherein , it is true there is included colour , because there is no man but has some colour , but then it can be neither white nor black , nor any particular colour ; because there is no one particular colour wherein all men partake .

On the one hand , it is natural to think of the world outside mind as consisting solely of particulars : the only things that could be general would be ideas .
on the one hand , it is natural to think of the world outside mind as consisting solely of [details] : the only things that could be general would be ideas .

The controversy surrounding the interpretation of Aristotle 's conception of form is unending , but , on all interpretations , his objective is to give forms as great an affinity with particulars as is possible , consistent with their retaining a sort of generality which is , so to speak , released in the intellect when they are thought .
the controversy surrounding the interpretation of aristotle 's conception of form is unending , but , on all interpretations , his objective is to give forms as great an affinity with [details] as is possible , consistent with their retaining a sort of generality which is , so to speak , released in the intellect when they are thought .

The nominalist impulse , therefore , which originates from the attempt to make generality in the world a creation of mind — thus allowing the extra-mental world to consist only of particulars — eventually leads to trying to explain the powers of the mind entirely in terms of the work of particulars .
the nominalist impulse , therefore , which originates from the attempt to make generality in the world a creation of mind — thus allowing the extra-mental world to consist only of [details] — eventually leads to trying to explain the powers of the mind entirely in terms of the work of [details] .

Ideas , according to Berkeley , are particulars whose significance is explained by saying that they stand for the things they represent .
ideas , according to berkeley , are [details] whose significance is explained by saying that they stand for the things they represent .

If one is to avoid this simple circularity , then one must explain standing for in terms of some natural relation between particulars .
if one is to avoid this simple circularity , then one must explain standing for in terms of some natural relation between [details] .

’ Here the confusions or uncertainties are the point of the passage : it does n't matter that the particulars of the caption are missing since this sort of thing was always happening .
’ here the confusions or uncertainties are the point of the passage : it does n't matter that the [details] of the caption are missing since this sort of thing was always happening .

Owners will usually see the value of their property increase and it is often a selling point in estate agents ’ particulars that a house stands in a conservation area .
owners will usually see the value of their property increase and it is often a selling point in estate agents ’ [details] that a house stands in a conservation area .

Herstmonceux Castle , East Sussex . An expensive set of particulars was produced to promote the potential for a controversial development within the grounds
herstmonceux castle , east sussex . an expensive set of [details] was produced to promote the potential for a controversial development within the grounds

The large and thriving congregation was stunned by the Jesuits ’ sudden announcement , in March 1989 , that they were to close and sell off the church on the open market — ‘ for any reasonable use ’ , according the sale particulars .
the large and thriving congregation was stunned by the jesuits ’ sudden announcement , in march 1989 , that they were to close and sell off the church on the open market — ‘ for any reasonable use ’ , according the sale [details] .

Similarly it would be stated in the estate agents ' particulars whether permission had been granted for a house which is up for sale to be sold to someone who wanted to use it as a second home .
similarly it would be stated in the estate agents ' [details] whether permission had been granted for a house which is up for sale to be sold to someone who wanted to use it as a second home .

Our services include the preparation of detailed particulars , plans and photographs , site surveys , liaison with our clients solicitors , comprehensive advertising , viewings and provision of auction room facilities .
our services include the preparation of detailed [details] , plans and photographs , site surveys , liaison with our clients solicitors , comprehensive advertising , viewings and provision of auction room facilities .

This was particularly annoying as he had wanted particulars of Gale asplenii folio [ i.e .
this was particularly annoying as he had wanted [details] of gale asplenii folio [ i.e .

In all we promise the publick to be as careful as possible not to lead them into mistakes , nor will we mention any particular tree , plant , flower or fruit which is not in our own garden … we do not propose to mention many different species of trees and plants that are either in the public Botanick Garden , nor that may be in the possession of some curious gentlemen , but only such as are actually in the nurseries of persons belonging to this Society and from where any Gentleman may be furnished with any of the particulars here treated of by directing their letters for the Society of Gardeners at Newhall 's Coffee House in Chelsea , Nr .
in all we promise the publick to be as careful as possible not to lead them into mistakes , nor will we mention any particular tree , plant , flower or fruit which is not in our own garden … we do not propose to mention many different species of trees and plants that are either in the public botanick garden , nor that may be in the possession of some curious gentlemen , but only such as are actually in the nurseries of persons belonging to this society and from where any gentleman may be furnished with any of the [details] here treated of by directing their letters for the society of gardeners at newhall 's coffee house in chelsea , nr .

Yes ; they 'll want particulars ; somebody 'll have to come .
yes ; they 'll want [details] ; somebody 'll have to come .

She had followed the stretcher into the emergency department there , to be asked particulars about the patient .
she had followed the stretcher into the emergency department there , to be asked [details] about the patient .

He studied Nigel 's particulars and started to read them out slowly , looking up to query various points and making notes on a pad in front of him .
he studied nigel 's [details] and started to read them out slowly , looking up to query various points and making notes on a pad in front of him .

Although no detailed plans are necessary , you will be required to provide a location plan showing the siting of your building , the boundaries of the site and particulars of any drainage works .
although no detailed plans are necessary , you will be required to provide a location plan showing the siting of your building , the boundaries of the site and [details] of any drainage works .

The sale particulars included , as well as the mill itself , a comprehensive list of machinery and equipment , outbuildings and fourteen workers ' cottages .
the sale [details] included , as well as the mill itself , a comprehensive list of machinery and equipment , outbuildings and fourteen workers ' cottages .

The sale particulars give some indication of the magnitude of the site : a gentleman 's dwelling house , manager 's house , counting house , rack and steam heated drying stove , drying houses , sheds , stables and land .
the sale [details] give some indication of the magnitude of the site : a gentleman 's dwelling house , manager 's house , counting house , rack and steam heated drying stove , drying houses , sheds , stables and land .

where there are specific arrangements for parents considering sending their child to the school to visit it , particulars of those arrangements must be stated ;
where there are specific arrangements for parents considering sending their child to the school to visit it , [details] of those arrangements must be stated ;

Margaret Anne Doody claims that eighteenth century poetry is incarnational , not merely because it deals in particulars , ‘ … but also because it celebrates , however ruefully , the experience of living a bodily and historical life .
margaret anne doody claims that eighteenth century poetry is incarnational , not merely because it deals in [details] , ‘ … but also because it celebrates , however ruefully , the experience of living a bodily and historical life .

You will also need to check the measurements of rooms , which are usually inaccurate in agents ' particulars .
you will also need to check the measurements of rooms , which are usually inaccurate in agents ' [details] .

Room sizes are usually provided on the particulars , and a better sketch can be drawn at home .
room sizes are usually provided on the [details] , and a better sketch can be drawn at home .

Finally , take with you a spare copy of the ‘ particulars , from the estate agent , to check his details line by line , measure by measure , as these are nearly always inaccurate or incomplete .
finally , take with you a spare copy of the ‘ [details] , from the estate agent , to check his details line by line , measure by measure , as these are nearly always inaccurate or incomplete .

If there are choice shrubs in the garden , photograph them and check the agent 's particulars , and with your solicitor , to see they are all included .
if there are choice shrubs in the garden , photograph them and check the agent 's [details] , and with your solicitor , to see they are all included .

Great care has been taken in the compilation of this guide , but we would advise you to check that particulars have not been altered since the guide 's publication .
great care has been taken in the compilation of this guide , but we would advise you to check that [details] have not been altered since the guide 's publication .

one in which the particulars of writs are entered .
one in which the [details] of writs are entered .

The Information in these product particulars is based on Midland Bank 's understanding of current law and Inland Revenue practice at the time of printing .
the information in these product [details] is based on midland bank 's understanding of current law and inland revenue practice at the time of printing .

Future changes in legislation , tax levels and practice could affect the details contained in these product particulars .
future changes in legislation , tax levels and practice could affect the details contained in these product [details] .

Product particulars relating to Midland Pensions including details of charges will be provided with your illustration .
product [details] relating to midland pensions including details of charges will be provided with your illustration .

The Listing Particulars Directive of 1980 sought to harmonise disclosure requirements , with a view to eventual mutual recognition of listing particulars .
the listing [details] directive of 1980 sought to harmonise disclosure requirements , with a view to eventual mutual recognition of listing [details] .

Under the Listing Particulars Directive , it is a condition of admission to listing that the issuer publishes listing particulars which contain , in as easily analysable and comprehensive a form as possible , the applicable items listed in the Directive .
under the listing [details] directive , it is a condition of admission to listing that the issuer publishes listing [details] which contain , in as easily analysable and comprehensive a form as possible , the applicable items listed in the directive .

If the securities are to be listed in the member state where the issuer has its registered office , the listing particulars must be drawn up under the laws of , and approved by , the competent authority in that member state .
if the securities are to be listed in the member state where the issuer has its registered office , the listing [details] must be drawn up under the laws of , and approved by , the competent authority in that member state .

If the issuer is not incorporated in any of the member states where the securities are to be listed , the issuer must decide which of those member states is to have responsibility for approving the listing particulars ; it must then draw up the listing particulars in accordance with the laws of that member state .
if the issuer is not incorporated in any of the member states where the securities are to be listed , the issuer must decide which of those member states is to have responsibility for approving the listing [details] ; it must then draw up the listing [details] in accordance with the laws of that member state .

Under these provisions , stock exchanges in one member state will have to accept listing particulars approved by the responsible competent authority in another .
under these provisions , stock exchanges in one member state will have to accept listing [details] approved by the responsible competent authority in another .

He went on : ‘ Before any particulars are entered on the computer , they are carefully checked with a view to ensuring that they are accurate and , where information has been received from individuals , that it has not been furnished maliciously ’ .
he went on : ‘ before any [details] are entered on the computer , they are carefully checked with a view to ensuring that they are accurate and , where information has been received from individuals , that it has not been furnished maliciously ’ .

Subsequent changes in the required particulars must also be notified to the Registrar .
subsequent changes in the required [details] must also be notified to the registrar .

Dad gave particulars of his own complaint .
dad gave [details] of his own complaint .

On receipt of letters from architects after 30th September , the Secretary of the Office of Works , Alfred Austin , will forward them ground plans , a statement of premiums and other particulars .
on receipt of letters from architects after 30th september , the secretary of the office of works , alfred austin , will forward them ground plans , a statement of premiums and other [details] .

Knowing the particulars of each area , helps you select a place to stay that best fits your preferences .
knowing the [details] of each area , helps you select a place to stay that best fits your preferences .

The U.S. hawaladar would then contact his counterpart in Pakistan , giving the Pakistani hawaladar the particulars of the transaction , such as the amount of money , the code , and perhaps the identity of the recipient .
the u.s. hawaladar would then contact his counterpart in pakistan , giving the pakistani hawaladar the [details] of the transaction , such as the amount of money , the code , and perhaps the identity of the recipient .

Perhaps this is an acceptable trade-off , given the particulars .
perhaps this is an acceptable trade-off , given the [details] .

It is not until he is well launched on his wrongheaded bill of particulars that Mr. Gottlieb makes an interesting concession .
it is not until he is well launched on his wrongheaded bill of [details] that mr. gottlieb makes an interesting concession .

When I called back , of course all I got was the same opportunity to leave my particulars on their voice mail system . ''
when i called back , of course all i got was the same opportunity to leave my [details] on their voice mail system . ''

Prudie thought this one through years ago because of a kindred situation , though not with your particulars .
prudie thought this one through years ago because of a kindred situation , though not with your [details] .

It 's all quite mind-boggling , and as I say , I really think Lewis has done a terrific job rendering this new world in all its insane particulars .
it 's all quite mind-boggling , and as i say , i really think lewis has done a terrific job rendering this new world in all its insane [details] .

Instead , when it comes to particulars , we have everybody quoting the comment of a woman whose Secret Service agent husband was killed in the Oklahoma blast : `` It was a slap in the face . ''
instead , when it comes to [details] , we have everybody quoting the comment of a woman whose secret service agent husband was killed in the oklahoma blast : `` it was a slap in the face . ''

The Wall Street Journal and NYT report that today Microsoft will announce a new alliance with Ford under which Microsoft 's Carpoint auto shopping Web site will be able to provide increased information online about Fords -- such as particulars about new car inventory or used-car service records -- to potential buyers .
the wall street journal and nyt report that today microsoft will announce a new alliance with ford under which microsoft 's carpoint auto shopping web site will be able to provide increased information online about fords -- such as [details] about new car inventory or used-car service records -- to potential buyers .

If Hitler was less a biological racist than an extreme nationalist , as Lukacs asserts , this was a distinction without a difference to the millions of Germans instructed in such particulars of Social Darwinist `` science '' as how to tell a Jewish skull from an Aryan one .
if hitler was less a biological racist than an extreme nationalist , as lukacs asserts , this was a distinction without a difference to the millions of germans instructed in such [details] of social darwinist `` science '' as how to tell a jewish skull from an aryan one .

They add , after Ken Starr made a private presentation to her of secret grand jury evidence , she decided the privileges are trumped by the particulars of the Lewinsky case .
they add , after ken starr made a private presentation to her of secret grand jury evidence , she decided the privileges are trumped by the [details] of the lewinsky case .

Most of the coverage is steeped in the particulars of the memos , etc .
most of the coverage is steeped in the [details] of the memos , etc .

Scalia is refreshingly right in several particulars .
scalia is refreshingly right in several [details] .

Reasonable people have disagreed with the particulars I recommend .
reasonable people have disagreed with the [details] i recommend .

Bush was slow on some of the particulars of his defense .
bush was slow on some of the [details] of his defense .

What 's the point of going out in front of an audience with a tale of illness if she 's not going to bring all her imaginative resources to bear on it -- to transform it into something that transcends its relatively routine particulars and gives us something to hold onto when our time for tragedy comes ?
what 's the point of going out in front of an audience with a tale of illness if she 's not going to bring all her imaginative resources to bear on it -- to transform it into something that transcends its relatively routine [details] and gives us something to hold onto when our time for tragedy comes ?

None of them has yet filed a lobbying disclosure form that might give additional particulars .
none of them has yet filed a lobbying disclosure form that might give additional [details] .

Neither Potok nor Abraham can immerse the reader in the minutiae of Hasidic life the way Goodman does in the particulars of separatist German ultra-Orthodoxy .
neither potok nor abraham can immerse the reader in the minutiae of hasidic life the way goodman does in the [details] of separatist german ultra-orthodoxy .

Jones wrote “ The particulars of this burletta are contained in the following letter from an officer on the spot , to his friend in England dated at Philadelphia , the 20th of May 1778 . ”
jones wrote “ the [details] of this burletta are contained in the following letter from an officer on the spot , to his friend in england dated at philadelphia , the 20th of may 1778 . ”

You may tell your pals in the canteen later that you had him off under the C [ or whichever ] Division Breathing Act or under the Refusal of Particulars Act .
you may tell your pals in the canteen later that you had him off under the c [ or whichever ] division breathing act or under the refusal of [details] act .

