Partitioning free energy contributions : single strand structures formed intramolecularly
[dividing] free energy contributions : single strand structures formed intramolecularly

We estimate the free energy ( mainly entropic ) cost per rotor by considering the partitioning of free energy contributions using equation ( 1 ) .
we estimate the free energy ( mainly entropic ) cost per rotor by considering the [dividing] of free energy contributions using equation ( 1 ) .

The main room had low ceiling beams ; a rough oak pillar , square-sectioned and glossy with age , went from floor to cross-beam , partitioning the space .
the main room had low ceiling beams ; a rough oak pillar , square-sectioned and glossy with age , went from floor to cross-beam , [dividing] the space .

Thus , ‘ It would seem then that the clue to finding real partitioning amongst goods must be to trace some underlying partitioning in society ’ ( 1980 : 907 ) .
thus , ‘ it would seem then that the clue to finding real [dividing] amongst goods must be to trace some underlying [dividing] in society ’ ( 1980 : 907 ) .

The spatial sub-file structure is illustrated in Figure 6.12 , which shows the partitioning of data for a simple part .
the spatial sub-file structure is illustrated in figure 6.12 , which shows the [dividing] of data for a simple part .

You can quite happily introduce a male Betta splendens into both of your community aquariums without the need for a partitioning screen .
you can quite happily introduce a male betta splendens into both of your community aquariums without the need for a [dividing] screen .

The prospective legatees even produced schemes for the partitioning of the Ottoman lands in Europe amongst themselves .
the prospective legatees even produced schemes for the [dividing] of the ottoman lands in europe amongst themselves .

Grimes ( 1975 : 109 ) , who describes the marking of paragraph boundaries as one form of ‘ partitioning ’ in discourse .
grimes ( 1975 : 109 ) , who describes the marking of paragraph boundaries as one form of ‘ [dividing] ’ in discourse .

The principles on which partitioning depends are related to change of ‘ setting ’ ( time or place ) and ‘ theme ’ ( the person or thing talked about ) , in narrative discourse , at least .
the principles on which [dividing] depends are related to change of ‘ setting ’ ( time or place ) and ‘ theme ’ ( the person or thing talked about ) , in narrative discourse , at least .

The systems approach is now explicitly used in biogeography and Simmons ( 1978 ) , for example , in discussion of the ecosystem scale distinguishes two approaches that are often made : one which is synoptic and develops from intuitive perception of an ecosystem to studies of ecological cohesion including , where relevant , the significance of human activity ; and another approach which is more analytical whereby measurements are made of the flow and partitioning of energy through the ecosystem and of the cycles of mineral nutrients within the system .
the systems approach is now explicitly used in biogeography and simmons ( 1978 ) , for example , in discussion of the ecosystem scale distinguishes two approaches that are often made : one which is synoptic and develops from intuitive perception of an ecosystem to studies of ecological cohesion including , where relevant , the significance of human activity ; and another approach which is more analytical whereby measurements are made of the flow and [dividing] of energy through the ecosystem and of the cycles of mineral nutrients within the system .

High performance from steel partitioning system
high performance from steel [dividing] system

Molotov concluded the parallel negotiations which he had been conducting with German representatives and thus secured two years grace while partitioning Poland with Nazi Germany .
molotov concluded the parallel negotiations which he had been conducting with german representatives and thus secured two years grace while [dividing] poland with nazi germany .

Between closely related taxa , resource partitioning is found as in the case of squirrels in Gabon , where two of the nine coexisting species are found in special habitats , the other seven being taxonomically rather diverse : four of these are essentially arboreal , the other three ground foragers , and in each group there are differences in size such that food is partitioned by hardness and size .
between closely related taxa , resource [dividing] is found as in the case of squirrels in gabon , where two of the nine coexisting species are found in special habitats , the other seven being taxonomically rather diverse : four of these are essentially arboreal , the other three ground foragers , and in each group there are differences in size such that food is partitioned by hardness and size .

Of the 46 species ( 16 genera ) of American primates , all but 10 ( 2 genera ) occur in Amazonia and up to 14 ( 12 genera ) can occur sympatrically in Amazonia : the importance of size in resource partitioning is evident .
of the 46 species ( 16 genera ) of american primates , all but 10 ( 2 genera ) occur in amazonia and up to 14 ( 12 genera ) can occur sympatrically in amazonia : the importance of size in resource [dividing] is evident .

At the Brown River in southern New Guinea , 83 coexisting bird species were examined : resource partitioning allows a high number of frugivore species ( few mammals there ) and there is a size range among them .
at the brown river in southern new guinea , 83 coexisting bird species were examined : resource [dividing] allows a high number of frugivore species ( few mammals there ) and there is a size range among them .

They are all `` Act and Scene `` operas — their librettos organised along familiar lines , those analogous to the partitioning of dramatic action usual on the non-musical stage , where soliloquy , dialogue , ensemble , and purely mimed material add up to a whole dramatic structure .
they are all `` act and scene `` operas — their librettos organised along familiar lines , those analogous to the [dividing] of dramatic action usual on the non-musical stage , where soliloquy , dialogue , ensemble , and purely mimed material add up to a whole dramatic structure .

Partitioning is often of great use , both in analytical manipulation of matrices and in numerical cases , especially when submatrices can be chosen having simple forms , such as a unit or a null submatrix .
[dividing] is often of great use , both in analytical manipulation of matrices and in numerical cases , especially when submatrices can be chosen having simple forms , such as a unit or a null submatrix .

Hendrix [ 1979 ] made some progress regarding this problem , introducing a technique known as partitioning to deal with quantifiers .
hendrix [ 1979 ] made some progress regarding this problem , introducing a technique known as [dividing] to deal with quantifiers .

The technique involves the partitioning of words in the text into classes based on certain similarities , and then further partitioning based on small word contexts .
the technique involves the [dividing] of words in the text into classes based on certain similarities , and then further [dividing] based on small word contexts .

In particular , the partitioning requirements for governing bodies ' accommodation which will be provided on a cellular basis need to be determined now .
in particular , the [dividing] requirements for governing bodies ' accommodation which will be provided on a cellular basis need to be determined now .

It was a Soviet-built apartment with a walk-in wardrobe and red velvet curtains partitioning rooms .
it was a soviet-built apartment with a walk-in wardrobe and red velvet curtains [dividing] rooms .

These , or at least the more salient ones , the analyst will try to control by partitioning , that is dividing each of the original occupational categories into , subgroups with other possibly salient characteristics in common .
these , or at least the more salient ones , the analyst will try to control by [dividing] , that is dividing each of the original occupational categories into , subgroups with other possibly salient characteristics in common .

Second , statistical partitioning requires expected cell frequencies of , roughly , between ten and twenty cases otherwise tests of significance and measures of association become unstable and unreliable .
second , statistical [dividing] requires expected cell frequencies of , roughly , between ten and twenty cases otherwise tests of significance and measures of association become unstable and unreliable .

It was unclear whether the move was backed by the government of Croatia , since Serbo-Croat negotiations over partitioning Bosnia-Hercegovina were thought to be backed by the respective Presidents [ see p. 38919 ] .
it was unclear whether the move was backed by the government of croatia , since serbo-croat negotiations over [dividing] bosnia-hercegovina were thought to be backed by the respective presidents [ see p. 38919 ] .

Arab states including Algeria , Jordan , Sudan , Syria and Yemen strongly condemned the plan , regarding it as setting a dangerous precedent in the region and also as signalling the effective three-way partitioning of Iraq into Kurdish , Sunni and Shia blocs .
arab states including algeria , jordan , sudan , syria and yemen strongly condemned the plan , regarding it as setting a dangerous precedent in the region and also as signalling the effective three-way [dividing] of iraq into kurdish , sunni and shia blocs .

Serb and Croat leaders of Bosnia-Hercegovina 's ethnic communities met in Graz ( Austria ) on May 6 to discuss partitioning Bosnia-Hercegovina between Croatia and Serbia .
serb and croat leaders of bosnia-hercegovina 's ethnic communities met in graz ( austria ) on may 6 to discuss [dividing] bosnia-hercegovina between croatia and serbia .

This restriction to particular ‘ niches ’ in the environment is the result of a partitioning out of competing species over a limited range of resources ; each comes to live in the portion of a habitat it can exploit best for reproductive purposes .
this restriction to particular ‘ niches ’ in the environment is the result of a [dividing] out of competing species over a limited range of resources ; each comes to live in the portion of a habitat it can exploit best for reproductive purposes .

The design of activated carbon adsorbers depends on the degree of equilibrium partitioning of pollutants between the aqueous phase and the sorbed state , and on the mass transfer rates of the contaminants to the activated carbon particles .
the design of activated carbon adsorbers depends on the degree of equilibrium [dividing] of pollutants between the aqueous phase and the sorbed state , and on the mass transfer rates of the contaminants to the activated carbon particles .

Adding shelves , shading , insulation or temporary partitioning is simplicity itself without the need for special lock-on clips .
adding shelves , shading , insulation or temporary [dividing] is simplicity itself without the need for special lock-on clips .

If the cytoplasm of the egg has a well-defined pattern of constituents which determines the later organization of the embryo then cleavage may just be a way of partitioning this cytoplasmic pattern in the egg so that specific constituents go to specific cells .
if the cytoplasm of the egg has a well-defined pattern of constituents which determines the later organization of the embryo then cleavage may just be a way of [dividing] this cytoplasmic pattern in the egg so that specific constituents go to specific cells .

Poland had been penetrated with comparative ease by the partitioning military powers because its social structures made most of its population marginal in one way or another .
poland had been penetrated with comparative ease by the [dividing] military powers because its social structures made most of its population marginal in one way or another .

After the partitions Poland became invisible for over a century , its character dissolved , its history overlaid with that of the partitioning powers .
after the partitions poland became invisible for over a century , its character dissolved , its history overlaid with that of the [dividing] powers .

Poland reappeared on the maps of Europe not so much through its own efforts to liberate itself — though over the years these had been prodigious but unsuccessful — but through the collapse of the partitioning powers that had held Poland in check .
poland reappeared on the maps of europe not so much through its own efforts to liberate itself — though over the years these had been prodigious but unsuccessful — but through the collapse of the [dividing] powers that had held poland in check .

If Poland was backward it was not because the Poles wanted it so , but because Germany and the other partitioning powers had made it that way , and because the Allies had failed to provide the necessary capital to finance Poland to do the job they required .
if poland was backward it was not because the poles wanted it so , but because germany and the other [dividing] powers had made it that way , and because the allies had failed to provide the necessary capital to finance poland to do the job they required .

Agreements to collaborate rather than to compete reinforce the partitioning of national markets .
agreements to collaborate rather than to compete reinforce the [dividing] of national markets .

With careful modification of materials ( exploiting , for example , steric hindrance , charge effects , hydrophobic groups ) , it may be possible to control both solute partitioning and diffusion into a biolayer and to gain greater control over the behaviour of the biolayer .
with careful modification of materials ( exploiting , for example , steric hindrance , charge effects , hydrophobic groups ) , it may be possible to control both solute [dividing] and diffusion into a biolayer and to gain greater control over the behaviour of the biolayer .

Partitioning these functions between the duplicates may increase the fitness of the organism by removing the conflict between two or more functions .
[dividing] these functions between the duplicates may increase the fitness of the organism by removing the conflict between two or more functions .

As CDY is a retrogene ( see above ) that has not been duplicated together with its ancestral regulatory sequences , it is clear that the DDC model is not the only route by which to achieve spatial partitioning of ancestral expression patterns .
as cdy is a retrogene ( see above ) that has not been duplicated together with its ancestral regulatory sequences , it is clear that the ddc model is not the only route by which to achieve spatial [dividing] of ancestral expression patterns .

Subfunctionalization can also lead to the partitioning of temporal as well as spatial expression patterns .
subfunctionalization can also lead to the [dividing] of temporal as well as spatial expression patterns .

For example , when several species of bumblebees coexist , resource partitioning normally does n't follow colour , but is dependent on different parameters : the corolla length of the plant and the proboscis length of the bee .
for example , when several species of bumblebees coexist , resource [dividing] normally does n't follow colour , but is dependent on different parameters : the corolla length of the plant and the proboscis length of the bee .

Although refinements of Possingham 's model , such as developing a prey-model version , or introducing stochasticity or several foraging constraints , might help us determine the extent to which we should expect resource partitioning along the colour dimension to take place , it is , in our view , far more pressing to determine the extent and conditions under which bees exploit red flowers ( i.e. , through comparisons of pollen vs. nectar exploitation , bird exclusion experiments , etc .
although refinements of possingham 's model , such as developing a prey-model version , or introducing stochasticity or several foraging constraints , might help us determine the extent to which we should expect resource [dividing] along the colour dimension to take place , it is , in our view , far more pressing to determine the extent and conditions under which bees exploit red flowers ( i.e. , through comparisons of pollen vs. nectar exploitation , bird exclusion experiments , etc .

Partitioning a hard disk means corralling off some space , and that can be done in Windows with a program called `` fips , '' which I copied from the Linux CD onto a floppy in Windows .
[dividing] a hard disk means corralling off some space , and that can be done in windows with a program called `` fips , '' which i copied from the linux cd onto a floppy in windows .

