Was it supposed , perchance , that A & M ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post-Civil War period , the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West ? ?
was it supposed , [by any chance] , that a & m ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the new england world in the post-civil war period , the immigrants having been brought in from southern europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the west ? ?

Up until very recently , it was for men only , but we did persuade the Charity Commission that times were changing and that if perchance there was a lady who was disabled , she would also be able to qualify .
up until very recently , it was for men only , but we did persuade the charity commission that times were changing and that if [by any chance] there was a lady who was disabled , she would also be able to qualify .

Is that poor Andrew Collins some sort of old punk or perchance one of those sad tossers who once flogged Socialist Worker to 14-year-olds ?
is that poor andrew collins some sort of old punk or [by any chance] one of those sad tossers who once flogged socialist worker to 14-year-olds ?

‘ With a carpenter perchance ? ’ Joan asked resentfully . ‘ Or an innkeeper maybe ? ’
‘ with a carpenter [by any chance] ? ’ joan asked resentfully . ‘ or an innkeeper maybe ? ’

‘ Your mother perchance felt for your father , much as you now feel for Prince Edward .
‘ your mother [by any chance] felt for your father , much as you now feel for prince edward .

Were she so , perchance there would be a hope — faint but none the less reasonable — that she and the prince could in the fullness of time marry …
were she so , [by any chance] there would be a hope — faint but none the less reasonable — that she and the prince could in the fullness of time marry …

Perchance on the morrow we shall have better news .
[by any chance] on the morrow we shall have better news .

‘ Of how it is to be Anne Duchess of York perchance ? ’
‘ of how it is to be anne duchess of york [by any chance] ? ’

‘ Moved whence , my lord ? To another royal palace — Eltham or Greenwich perchance ? ’
‘ moved whence , my lord ? to another royal palace — eltham or greenwich [by any chance] ? ’

To sleep — perchance to dream .
to sleep — [by any chance] to dream .

The readership to be considered was the actual or at least predictable reading public rather than the precocious fourteen-year-old schoolgirl into whose hands it might perchance fall — unless it were in fact aimed at or distributed to fourteen-year-old schoolgirls , by whose vulnerability to corruption it should then be judged .
the readership to be considered was the actual or at least predictable reading public rather than the precocious fourteen-year-old schoolgirl into whose hands it might [by any chance] fall — unless it were in fact aimed at or distributed to fourteen-year-old schoolgirls , by whose vulnerability to corruption it should then be judged .

Perchance my too much questioning offends
[by any chance] my too much questioning offends

Not when — if , perchance , Labour Members were in that position in 20 years ' time , would they be prepared to have the whole system of assessing and adjudicating upon genuine claims destroyed by the campaigns that are being organised in some parts of this country ?
not when — if , [by any chance] , labour members were in that position in 20 years ' time , would they be prepared to have the whole system of assessing and adjudicating upon genuine claims destroyed by the campaigns that are being organised in some parts of this country ?

… Perchance some looked beyond him , and
… [by any chance] some looked beyond him , and

And to what spirit sacred : or perchance
and to what spirit sacred : or [by any chance]

If they but hear perchance a trumpet sound ,
if they but hear [by any chance] a trumpet sound ,

The Empire which would be bound together by reciprocal preferences , freely accorded , and which would thence ascend , perchance , to the unity of common counsels and common institutions , was an Empire of independent ‘ kith and kin ’ — ‘ the conception of the people of these islands as a great family bound by indissoluble ties to kindred families in other parts of the world ’ ( Milner ) .
the empire which would be bound together by reciprocal preferences , freely accorded , and which would thence ascend , [by any chance] , to the unity of common counsels and common institutions , was an empire of independent ‘ kith and kin ’ — ‘ the conception of the people of these islands as a great family bound by indissoluble ties to kindred families in other parts of the world ’ ( milner ) .

And so to sleep — perchance not to dream at all .
and so to sleep — [by any chance] not to dream at all .

Or if a rational soul should stir , perchance ,
or if a rational soul should stir , [by any chance] ,

‘ As an avid Punch reader ’ — does everyone who starts off their letter in this way get it published ? Or perchance ending it with that old adage , ‘ Keep up the good work ’ ?
‘ as an avid punch reader ’ — does everyone who starts off their letter in this way get it published ? or [by any chance] ending it with that old adage , ‘ keep up the good work ’ ?

Service rating : Sad . Is Clare 's commitment waning ? Has she , perchance , sold out to the patriarchy ?
service rating : sad . is clare 's commitment waning ? has she , [by any chance] , sold out to the patriarchy ?

For technical information , answers to questions , and solutions to problems with receiving Slate ( or , perchance , to thank our technical staff for the flawless technical performance of this site and its ancillary products ) , e-mail help @ slate.com .
for technical information , answers to questions , and solutions to problems with receiving slate ( or , [by any chance] , to thank our technical staff for the flawless technical performance of this site and its ancillary products ) , e-mail help @ slate.com .

