It would authorize the Texas Education Agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population , require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools , permitting older ones to attend the residential Texas School for the Deaf here .
it would authorize the texas education agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population , require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools , [letting/allowing] older ones to attend the residential texas school for the deaf here .

Action on a new ordinance permitting motorists who plead guilty to minor traffic offenses to pay fines at the local police station may be taken at Monday's special North Providence Town Council meeting .
action on a new ordinance [letting/allowing] motorists who plead guilty to minor traffic offenses to pay fines at the local police station may be taken at monday's special north providence town council meeting .

In each case , having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual zone control .
in each case , having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of [letting/allowing] individual zone control .

One of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural conditions .
one of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , [letting/allowing] observation under natural conditions .

From his first bout with the canny Woodruff , Pike had learned that it was better not to attack him directly , so , harping on the theme that the cost of printing was too high , he condemned the governor for permitting such a state of affairs to exist .
from his first bout with the canny woodruff , pike had learned that it was better not to attack him directly , so , harping on the theme that the cost of printing was too high , he condemned the governor for [letting/allowing] such a state of affairs to exist .

In carrying out this Agreement , the two Governments will seek to assure , to the extent practicable , conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities .
in carrying out this agreement , the two governments will seek to assure , to the extent practicable , conditions of commerce [letting/allowing] private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities .

The mass scale used in Table 5-1 was derived on the assumption that the motion of the glowing trail is related to the momentum transfer to the trail by the meteorite , permitting the calculation of the mass if the velocity is known ( Cook and Whipple , 1958 ) .
the mass scale used in table 5-1 was derived on the assumption that the motion of the glowing trail is related to the momentum transfer to the trail by the meteorite , [letting/allowing] the calculation of the mass if the velocity is known ( cook and whipple , 1958 ) .

By permitting freshman students we might extend the opportunity for such a course to some individuals who otherwise might never get to take it .
by [letting/allowing] freshman students we might extend the opportunity for such a course to some individuals who otherwise might never get to take it .

For the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired .
for the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its exposed flat side [letting/allowing] contact photography if a permanent record is desired .

with international rugby this weekend … Gloucester are playing tonight … they 're away at Newport … weather permitting it 's all go for football … Oxford and Hereford are at home … Swindon away
with international rugby this weekend … gloucester are playing tonight … they 're away at newport … weather [letting/allowing] it 's all go for football … oxford and hereford are at home … swindon away

Sadly , the low cloud base put paid to any jumping today , but weather permitting , they 'll be packing their chutes again tomorrow .
sadly , the low cloud base put paid to any jumping today , but weather [letting/allowing] , they 'll be packing their chutes again tomorrow .

Prince Charles is due to visit two of the four main bases used by the 2,500 British troops serving as peacekeepers with the United Nations Protection Force , arriving this morning at the Divulje barracks near Split on the Croatian coast and travelling on , weather permitting , to a camp known as The Redoubt , near Tomislavgrad in south-west Bosnia .
prince charles is due to visit two of the four main bases used by the 2,500 british troops serving as peacekeepers with the united nations protection force , arriving this morning at the divulje barracks near split on the croatian coast and travelling on , weather [letting/allowing] , to a camp known as the redoubt , near tomislavgrad in south-west bosnia .

The company was also admonished on 18 counts of causing and permitting drivers to falsify tachograph records .
the company was also admonished on 18 counts of causing and [letting/allowing] drivers to falsify tachograph records .

The college 's development plan reveals that it hopes to give 700 pupils a year a taste of education in one of nine countries funds permitting .
the college 's development plan reveals that it hopes to give 700 pupils a year a taste of education in one of nine countries funds [letting/allowing] .

Coun David Smith said having made the original planning blunder in permitting the abattoir they should not compound this by allowing the work .
coun david smith said having made the original planning blunder in [letting/allowing] the abattoir they should not compound this by allowing the work .

Weather permitting outdoor nets will be held on April 8 and 9 at Boldon , where the wicket has been transformed in recent seasons .
weather [letting/allowing] outdoor nets will be held on april 8 and 9 at boldon , where the wicket has been transformed in recent seasons .

Proposals include both teams taking to the field together before kick-off and permitting three substitutes instead of the current two , with the third being a ‘ recognised goalkeeper ’ , as in the Premier League .
proposals include both teams taking to the field together before kick-off and [letting/allowing] three substitutes instead of the current two , with the third being a ‘ recognised goalkeeper ’ , as in the premier league .

They kept their admirable calm at that , permitting no shadow of a smile to answer the wicked look he gave them .
they kept their admirable calm at that , [letting/allowing] no shadow of a smile to answer the wicked look he gave them .

Time series may be decomposable into components representing temporal trend and seasonal variation thus permitting production of de-seasonalized figures .
time series may be decomposable into components representing temporal trend and seasonal variation thus [letting/allowing] production of de-seasonalized figures .

The investment financed by this borrowing stoked up demand for commodities , permitting sales to be maintained at higher and higher prices .
the investment financed by this borrowing stoked up demand for commodities , [letting/allowing] sales to be maintained at higher and higher prices .

Now back with North after a spell with Ballymena he is keen to resume his playing career , injury permitting , but he wo n't allow his heart to rule his head .
now back with north after a spell with ballymena he is keen to resume his playing career , injury [letting/allowing] , but he wo n't allow his heart to rule his head .

Yes , ooh dear excuse me early night tonight Amy permitting .
yes , ooh dear excuse me early night tonight amy [letting/allowing] .

Wednesday , that 's right w weather permitting Wednesday .
wednesday , that 's right w weather [letting/allowing] wednesday .

Oh weather permitting .
oh weather [letting/allowing] .

hoping , permitting , you know , if it 's not too expensive , it got very dear you know
hoping , [letting/allowing] , you know , if it 's not too expensive , it got very dear you know

There 's no doubt that the ideal size , space and pocket permitting , is a 3′ or 4′ tank .
there 's no doubt that the ideal size , space and pocket [letting/allowing] , is a 3′ or 4′ tank .

As it turned out , socket-teeth were a highly successful innovation , permitting a great improvement in chewing techniques ; one of many functional physiological adaptations that would prove to be of enormous survival value .
as it turned out , socket-teeth were a highly successful innovation , [letting/allowing] a great improvement in chewing techniques ; one of many functional physiological adaptations that would prove to be of enormous survival value .

Reptilian blood systems go through a period of self-adjustment permitting the conservation of heat as required , and allowing the creatures to distribute it when needed .
reptilian blood systems go through a period of self-adjustment [letting/allowing] the conservation of heat as required , and allowing the creatures to distribute it when needed .

Before shooting could begin , producer Stuart Miller had to sign a treaty permitting the use of Custer 's Last Stand battlefield in the movie .
before shooting could begin , producer stuart miller had to sign a treaty [letting/allowing] the use of custer 's last stand battlefield in the movie .

Wondersplash sub-tropical waterworld ; live cabaret ; funfair rides ; kids ' clubs and entertainment ; Busby 's teen-only venue ; dancing ; sports activities ; chairlift ( weather permitting ) ; children 's adventure playground ; nursery/playroom ; Night Owl service ; child-listening patrol .
wondersplash sub-tropical waterworld ; live cabaret ; funfair rides ; kids ' clubs and entertainment ; busby 's teen-only venue ; dancing ; sports activities ; chairlift ( weather [letting/allowing] ) ; children 's adventure playground ; nursery/playroom ; night owl service ; child-listening patrol .

In this context we may distinguish ( i ) the impartiality which is part and parcel of making moral or legal-judgments on the basis of formulating universal rules permitting or prohibiting certain types of conduct as distinct from making decisions only about particular persons and particular occasions : the impartiality not just of universalisability but of rules which actually are to be universalised ; ( ii ) the impartiality of being a non-involved person which is particularly relevant to the position of the person who is applying legal or moral rules to particular circumstances and which is directly to do with the characteristics of the judge who according to this standard must have no personal interest in the outcome of the case , but which may also be relevant in the process of legislation since legislators may have particular and personal interests in the outcome of the legislation in question ; ( iii ) there is the idea of impartiality as a norm of moral and judicial reasoning which has to do with giving due consideration to all relevant factors , a practice which may further but is not guaranteed by impartiality of the first two types .
in this context we may distinguish ( i ) the impartiality which is part and parcel of making moral or legal-judgments on the basis of formulating universal rules [letting/allowing] or prohibiting certain types of conduct as distinct from making decisions only about particular persons and particular occasions : the impartiality not just of universalisability but of rules which actually are to be universalised ; ( ii ) the impartiality of being a non-involved person which is particularly relevant to the position of the person who is applying legal or moral rules to particular circumstances and which is directly to do with the characteristics of the judge who according to this standard must have no personal interest in the outcome of the case , but which may also be relevant in the process of legislation since legislators may have particular and personal interests in the outcome of the legislation in question ; ( iii ) there is the idea of impartiality as a norm of moral and judicial reasoning which has to do with giving due consideration to all relevant factors , a practice which may further but is not guaranteed by impartiality of the first two types .

Weather permitting , there are frequent painting and sketching expeditions available to all members .
weather [letting/allowing] , there are frequent painting and sketching expeditions available to all members .

The traditionally superior rights of traffic are taken away by permitting walking and playing everywhere .
the traditionally superior rights of traffic are taken away by [letting/allowing] walking and playing everywhere .

’ There are , it argued , many ways to quieten traffic using existing law such as that permitting 30 km/h zones , rest and play areas , pedestrian zones and limits on parking .
’ there are , it argued , many ways to quieten traffic using existing law such as that [letting/allowing] 30 km/h zones , rest and play areas , pedestrian zones and limits on parking .

Moreover putting up barriers , banning night driving , giving priority to public transport and permitting cycling the ‘ wrong way in one way streets are other applications of the law .
moreover putting up barriers , banning night driving , giving priority to public transport and [letting/allowing] cycling the ‘ wrong way in one way streets are other applications of the law .

At junctions the tables were enlarged to cover the whole area of the intersection , permitting crossing by pedestrians and buggies without change of level .
at junctions the tables were enlarged to cover the whole area of the intersection , [letting/allowing] crossing by pedestrians and buggies without change of level .

Weather permitting , there are frequent painting and sketching expeditions available to all members .
weather [letting/allowing] , there are frequent painting and sketching expeditions available to all members .

Mark Ellis , 23 , of Burrell Road , Ipswich , denies four charges — causing the girl to become a prostitute , living off her earnings , permitting a flat to be used for unlawful sex and himself having sex with a girl under 16 .
mark ellis , 23 , of burrell road , ipswich , denies four charges — causing the girl to become a prostitute , living off her earnings , [letting/allowing] a flat to be used for unlawful sex and himself having sex with a girl under 16 .

He is due to arrive this morning at the Divulje barracks near Split on the Croatian coast and travel on , weather permitting , to a camp known as The Redoubt near Tomislavgrad in south-west Bosnia .
he is due to arrive this morning at the divulje barracks near split on the croatian coast and travel on , weather [letting/allowing] , to a camp known as the redoubt near tomislavgrad in south-west bosnia .

Ellis , 23 , of Burrell Road , Ipswich , denies causing the girl to become a prostitute , living off her earnings , permitting a flat to be used for unlawful sex and having sex with a girl under 16 .
ellis , 23 , of burrell road , ipswich , denies causing the girl to become a prostitute , living off her earnings , [letting/allowing] a flat to be used for unlawful sex and having sex with a girl under 16 .

Try walking slowly round your flying field ( other flying permitting ) and taking the model with you .
try walking slowly round your flying field ( other flying [letting/allowing] ) and taking the model with you .

Relief came when she jetted out to co-star in Christopher Columbus alongside Marlon Brando ( space permitting ) .
relief came when she jetted out to co-star in christopher columbus alongside marlon brando ( space [letting/allowing] ) .

The proposed legislation relies on it to find technical solutions that are cost effective while permitting the development of its technology .
the proposed legislation relies on it to find technical solutions that are cost effective while [letting/allowing] the development of its technology .

‘ Parents must retain the right to mete out physical punishment as a last resort . ’ — Stephen Green , chairman of the Conservative Family Campaign , on proposals by the Scottish Law Commission to outlaw parental violence , while permitting ‘ safe smacks ’
‘ parents must retain the right to mete out physical punishment as a last resort . ’ — stephen green , chairman of the conservative family campaign , on proposals by the scottish law commission to outlaw parental violence , while [letting/allowing] ‘ safe smacks ’

At the same time , the release ring falls free of the slotted tube and the sails collapse forward , so permitting the transporter to dump its effective lift , and then descend to the ground along the kiteline .
at the same time , the release ring falls free of the slotted tube and the sails collapse forward , so [letting/allowing] the transporter to dump its effective lift , and then descend to the ground along the kiteline .

After the initial primitive stage certain members of society gain control over the forces of production so permitting a minority to exploit the majority : under slavery the slave-owner exploits the slaves ; under feudalism the landlords exploit the serfs ; and under capitalism the bourgeoisie exploits the proletariat .
after the initial primitive stage certain members of society gain control over the forces of production so [letting/allowing] a minority to exploit the majority : under slavery the slave-owner exploits the slaves ; under feudalism the landlords exploit the serfs ; and under capitalism the bourgeoisie exploits the proletariat .

They were taken out into the grounds , weather permitting , otherwise ‘ they spend most of their day in this ward , which is a day-and-night nursery combined .
they were taken out into the grounds , weather [letting/allowing] , otherwise ‘ they spend most of their day in this ward , which is a day-and-night nursery combined .

In 1911 the Parliament Act was passed permitting members of the British parliament to be paid for the first time .
in 1911 the parliament act was passed [letting/allowing] members of the british parliament to be paid for the first time .

To enable propliners to maintain their unique niche in the world of air transport , permitting that bottom line to function , the ability to get total support for their powerplants is paramount .
to enable propliners to maintain their unique niche in the world of air transport , [letting/allowing] that bottom line to function , the ability to get total support for their powerplants is paramount .

The jamming and bridging got steeper — with the one big consolation that , strength permitting , you could pop in nuts almost at will — until he reached a ledge which elsewhere he would have regarded as a slab to be climbed , but here seemed a spacious refuge .
the jamming and bridging got steeper — with the one big consolation that , strength [letting/allowing] , you could pop in nuts almost at will — until he reached a ledge which elsewhere he would have regarded as a slab to be climbed , but here seemed a spacious refuge .

Perhaps some Koi keepers still need to be convinced that they can add to the well-being of their beloved stock by removing pesticides , metals , and such horrors as chloroform from their water , but those who have invested in a tapwater filter , often cheap when compared to the value of their fish , have seen results that demonstrate , without any doubt , that there is much to be gained by permitting the fish to live in conditions which help rather than hinder heir survival .
perhaps some koi keepers still need to be convinced that they can add to the well-being of their beloved stock by removing pesticides , metals , and such horrors as chloroform from their water , but those who have invested in a tapwater filter , often cheap when compared to the value of their fish , have seen results that demonstrate , without any doubt , that there is much to be gained by [letting/allowing] the fish to live in conditions which help rather than hinder heir survival .

Note that where the offence in question gave alternatives of using , causing or permitting the use thereof , ‘ uses ’ is interpreted rather more strictly and restricted than when an offence commences ‘ Did use ’ , with no other alternatives .
note that where the offence in question gave alternatives of using , causing or [letting/allowing] the use thereof , ‘ uses ’ is interpreted rather more strictly and restricted than when an offence commences ‘ did use ’ , with no other alternatives .

‘ That you ’ Means the person using , causing or permitting the use of the motor vehicle i.e. identify the offender .
‘ that you ’ means the person using , causing or [letting/allowing] the use of the motor vehicle i.e. identify the offender .

The employer could still commit the offence of using , causing or permitting no insurance .
the employer could still commit the offence of using , causing or [letting/allowing] no insurance .

‘ That you ’ Means the person using or permitting the use of the motor vehicle i.e. identify the driver etc .
‘ that you ’ means the person using or [letting/allowing] the use of the motor vehicle i.e. identify the driver etc .

‘ That you Means the identity of the person using , causing or permitting the use of the motor vehicle .
‘ that you means the identity of the person using , causing or [letting/allowing] the use of the motor vehicle .

‘ That you ’ Means the identity of the person using , causing or permitting the use
‘ that you ’ means the identity of the person using , causing or [letting/allowing] the use

‘ That you ’ This point means the identity of the person using , causing or permitting to be used
‘ that you ’ this point means the identity of the person using , causing or [letting/allowing] to be used

‘ That you ’ Means the identity of the person causing or permitting the offence .
‘ that you ’ means the identity of the person causing or [letting/allowing] the offence .

One excursion not to be missed , time and money permitting , is a short flight across the Zimbabwean border to Victoria Falls .
one excursion not to be missed , time and money [letting/allowing] , is a short flight across the zimbabwean border to victoria falls .

Rules should be made permitting access to postal services on the same basis by all users meeting the same conditions .
rules should be made [letting/allowing] access to postal services on the same basis by all users meeting the same conditions .

The Act of Parliament permitting the construction of Tramways Nos .
the act of parliament [letting/allowing] the construction of tramways nos .

For four days , the nearby town of Ballater had been awash with rumours that the Landau Carriage would be used — weather permitting .
for four days , the nearby town of ballater had been awash with rumours that the landau carriage would be used — weather [letting/allowing] .

This would strengthen the theoretical foundations for numerical modelling , thus permitting accurate reconstructions of the past and realistic predictions of future global climate trends .
this would strengthen the theoretical foundations for numerical modelling , thus [letting/allowing] accurate reconstructions of the past and realistic predictions of future global climate trends .

In 1952 it adopted the practice of permitting deputies to stand in for the ministers : the deputies soon became permanent features , attending to all business except that deemed to be symbolically important .
in 1952 it adopted the practice of [letting/allowing] deputies to stand in for the ministers : the deputies soon became permanent features , attending to all business except that deemed to be symbolically important .

As an alternative to undergravel filters , funds permitting , the use of a power filter is the next best thing .
as an alternative to undergravel filters , funds [letting/allowing] , the use of a power filter is the next best thing .

Thus we have the permitting conditions : the lack of parental control which might have brought the youth into more conventional alignments rather than setting him free to explore the more extravagant possibilities of a sporting career .
thus we have the [letting/allowing] conditions : the lack of parental control which might have brought the youth into more conventional alignments rather than setting him free to explore the more extravagant possibilities of a sporting career .

First , black workers were recruited for precisely those jobs , usually poorly paid and involving unpleasant working conditions , which the indigenous white working class was able to reject at the time of economic expansion , thus preventing the development of bottlenecks in production and permitting higher levels of capital accumulation .
first , black workers were recruited for precisely those jobs , usually poorly paid and involving unpleasant working conditions , which the indigenous white working class was able to reject at the time of economic expansion , thus preventing the development of bottlenecks in production and [letting/allowing] higher levels of capital accumulation .

Standard English today differs from local dialects not only in permitting the expression of complex relationships in familiar written forms , but also in the astonishing wealth of vocabulary which has accrued to it through its intellectual and imperial history .
standard english today differs from local dialects not only in [letting/allowing] the expression of complex relationships in familiar written forms , but also in the astonishing wealth of vocabulary which has accrued to it through its intellectual and imperial history .

It is worth noting that the railway operates between noon and five p.m. daily , weather permitting .
it is worth noting that the railway operates between noon and five p.m. daily , weather [letting/allowing] .

This condition , described as ‘ fly strike ’ , can prove fatal , since the maggots liberate toxins into the blood stream , as well as permitting infection of the bodily tissues .
this condition , described as ‘ fly strike ’ , can prove fatal , since the maggots liberate toxins into the blood stream , as well as [letting/allowing] infection of the bodily tissues .

Today , however , it is a splendid two-track road , out of character with its surroundings but permitting fast progress — although few will fail to stop often to appraise the changing views around each bend .
today , however , it is a splendid two-track road , out of character with its surroundings but [letting/allowing] fast progress — although few will fail to stop often to appraise the changing views around each bend .

Bar snacks are served at lunchtime and in the evening , either in the bar or , weather permitting , in the garden .
bar snacks are served at lunchtime and in the evening , either in the bar or , weather [letting/allowing] , in the garden .

Before dinner , Colin and Rosemary join their guests for an aperitif , which is taken in the drawing room in winter , and , weather permitting , in the summer months , by the summer house .
before dinner , colin and rosemary join their guests for an aperitif , which is taken in the drawing room in winter , and , weather [letting/allowing] , in the summer months , by the summer house .

The dining room adjoins a conservatory and in summer , weather permitting , with the French windows open , guests can enjoy breakfast in the fresh air .
the dining room adjoins a conservatory and in summer , weather [letting/allowing] , with the french windows open , guests can enjoy breakfast in the fresh air .

Elspeth is prepared ( her schedule permitting ) to drop guests at the start and collect them at the end of walks .
elspeth is prepared ( her schedule [letting/allowing] ) to drop guests at the start and collect them at the end of walks .

The first is that desirable behaviour may be condemned or discouraged ; the second is the risk of promoting or permitting undesirable behaviour .
the first is that desirable behaviour may be condemned or discouraged ; the second is the risk of promoting or [letting/allowing] undesirable behaviour .

The first is permitting the creation of ‘ national champions ’ .
the first is [letting/allowing] the creation of ‘ national champions ’ .

Formerly , the rule permitting recourse to earlier statutes was taken to allow the court to compare the wording of a consolidation Act with the Acts that it superseded , and to conclude that variation of wording indicated a change of meaning .
formerly , the rule [letting/allowing] recourse to earlier statutes was taken to allow the court to compare the wording of a consolidation act with the acts that it superseded , and to conclude that variation of wording indicated a change of meaning .

An ongoing survey would be much more flexible , permitting more rapid introduction of new measures and much wider content than the Census .
an ongoing survey would be much more flexible , [letting/allowing] more rapid introduction of new measures and much wider content than the census .

It is in fact no more ‘ theoreticist ’ than the basic liberal idea of culture , in which It is presumed that the universal source of cultural production is ‘ individual expression ’ , so that to study the social relations of cultural activity is to describe the conditions which bear on this norm , permitting or preventing its ‘ free exercise ’ .
it is in fact no more ‘ theoreticist ’ than the basic liberal idea of culture , in which it is presumed that the universal source of cultural production is ‘ individual expression ’ , so that to study the social relations of cultural activity is to describe the conditions which bear on this norm , [letting/allowing] or preventing its ‘ free exercise ’ .

Of course , a rule permitting the directors to defend the company from a poorly-managed predator would be perfectly coherent ( and might be desirable ) , but this would not be because the entity has an intrinsic significance that merits protection , but rather because the rule would serve the rational purpose of protecting the interests of groups other than the shareholders who would be adversely affected by a change in control .
of course , a rule [letting/allowing] the directors to defend the company from a poorly-managed predator would be perfectly coherent ( and might be desirable ) , but this would not be because the entity has an intrinsic significance that merits protection , but rather because the rule would serve the rational purpose of protecting the interests of groups other than the shareholders who would be adversely affected by a change in control .

The ‘ Unwritten Constitution ’ has the virtue of flexibility and permits the wide use of constitutional conventions , both permitting and facilitating evolutionary consensual change .
the ‘ unwritten constitution ’ has the virtue of flexibility and permits the wide use of constitutional conventions , both [letting/allowing] and facilitating evolutionary consensual change .

There are two elements to this initial use of symbolism : a representational imitation which derives from the early mode of direct imitations , and the new ludic mode which distorts the environment , changing the significance of a given external object , and permitting it to be used as the subject desires ( 1962 : 102 ) .
there are two elements to this initial use of symbolism : a representational imitation which derives from the early mode of direct imitations , and the new ludic mode which distorts the environment , changing the significance of a given external object , and [letting/allowing] it to be used as the subject desires ( 1962 : 102 ) .

These in turn have raised difficulties of evidence and proof in law which legislatures have attempted to circumvent by rejecting the traditional prerequisites of some degree of mental intent on the part of the deviant actor — the concept of mens rea — in favour of the ostensibly more easily managed notion of strict liability , permitting ( in theory ) legal enforceability of a prohibition without regard to the blameworthiness of the actor ( Harvard Law Review , 1979 ; Jacobs , 1971 ; Paulus , 1974 ) .
these in turn have raised difficulties of evidence and proof in law which legislatures have attempted to circumvent by rejecting the traditional prerequisites of some degree of mental intent on the part of the deviant actor — the concept of mens rea — in favour of the ostensibly more easily managed notion of strict liability , [letting/allowing] ( in theory ) legal enforceability of a prohibition without regard to the blameworthiness of the actor ( harvard law review , 1979 ; jacobs , 1971 ; paulus , 1974 ) .

The law speaks of causing or knowingly permitting pollution , and the concept of cause has been strictly construed .
the law speaks of causing or knowingly [letting/allowing] pollution , and the concept of cause has been strictly construed .

This is partly as a means of enhancing control , permitting the field man to transmit his concern about the effluent to the discharger , the props of sampling conferring a certain sense of gravity and the act of sampling carrying with it the clear implication that the discharger is under scrutiny .
this is partly as a means of enhancing control , [letting/allowing] the field man to transmit his concern about the effluent to the discharger , the props of sampling conferring a certain sense of gravity and the act of sampling carrying with it the clear implication that the discharger is under scrutiny .

The model is essentially a conservative one , permitting little radical change of the organisation as a whole ( including managers ) .
the model is essentially a conservative one , [letting/allowing] little radical change of the organisation as a whole ( including managers ) .

At the same time , the Secretary of State has revealed his attitude to developments in his response to structure plan policies ; in many cases , while approving the general outline of the structure plans , he has also given more emphasis to permitting further development in rural areas and has substantially reduced the proposed limits for some green belts ( Elson 1981 ) .
at the same time , the secretary of state has revealed his attitude to developments in his response to structure plan policies ; in many cases , while approving the general outline of the structure plans , he has also given more emphasis to [letting/allowing] further development in rural areas and has substantially reduced the proposed limits for some green belts ( elson 1981 ) .

Some councils have tried to tackle this difficulty through a policy of permitting only those new developments that will serve local needs .
some councils have tried to tackle this difficulty through a policy of [letting/allowing] only those new developments that will serve local needs .

Lazonick ( 1979 ) argues , for instance , that when Marx took the self-acting mule as a prime example of a technology permitting the increased subordination of labour to capital he was in fact relying , at second hand , on the claims made by the machine 's manufacturers , and that in practice the mule-spinners held a relatively superior position in the division of labour .
lazonick ( 1979 ) argues , for instance , that when marx took the self-acting mule as a prime example of a technology [letting/allowing] the increased subordination of labour to capital he was in fact relying , at second hand , on the claims made by the machine 's manufacturers , and that in practice the mule-spinners held a relatively superior position in the division of labour .

Despite this disastrous beginning , however , Giovanna would be there in the morning , her own family circumstances permitting , and she would be much obliged if the Signora would make sure that her children were up and dressed , and the breakfast eaten , so that she could see that the house was returned to something like the order which Signor Kettering expected of it .
despite this disastrous beginning , however , giovanna would be there in the morning , her own family circumstances [letting/allowing] , and she would be much obliged if the signora would make sure that her children were up and dressed , and the breakfast eaten , so that she could see that the house was returned to something like the order which signor kettering expected of it .

The statute occasionally provides in so many terms that the information may be used in evidence ; sometimes that it may not be used for certain purposes , inferentially permitting its use for others ; or it may be expressly prescribed that the evidence is not to be admitted ; or again , the statute may be silent .
the statute occasionally provides in so many terms that the information may be used in evidence ; sometimes that it may not be used for certain purposes , inferentially [letting/allowing] its use for others ; or it may be expressly prescribed that the evidence is not to be admitted ; or again , the statute may be silent .

It was clear that the Manchu was permitting his opponent to initiate all the attacking moves and , as the combat progressed , Burun began to appreciate the skill with which the mock battle was being controlled .
it was clear that the manchu was [letting/allowing] his opponent to initiate all the attacking moves and , as the combat progressed , burun began to appreciate the skill with which the mock battle was being controlled .

It was quickly established that the occupier could not be liable under the rule merely for permitting a spontaneous accumulation ( e.g .
it was quickly established that the occupier could not be liable under the rule merely for [letting/allowing] a spontaneous accumulation ( e.g .

Such provision can reduce a widow 's risk of poverty in old age not least because , unlike public sector schemes , private sector schemes are increasingly permitting widows to keep their pensions on remarriage and operate no cohabitation rules .
such provision can reduce a widow 's risk of poverty in old age not least because , unlike public sector schemes , private sector schemes are increasingly [letting/allowing] widows to keep their pensions on remarriage and operate no cohabitation rules .

It 's an interesting point Dominic , and although the poor performance of the pound against the dollar did effect many of our advertisers , we agree with you that — time permitting — the advertised prices should be kept up-to-date .
it 's an interesting point dominic , and although the poor performance of the pound against the dollar did effect many of our advertisers , we agree with you that — time [letting/allowing] — the advertised prices should be kept up-to-date .

According to research conducted both by Daryl Foster , the Kent coach and Jim Davies , the Essex physiotherapist , the flogging begins in a fast bowler 's mid-teens , when the bones are still forming , and continues unabated , the present county structure permitting scant time for recovery from the thump and grind .
according to research conducted both by daryl foster , the kent coach and jim davies , the essex physiotherapist , the flogging begins in a fast bowler 's mid-teens , when the bones are still forming , and continues unabated , the present county structure [letting/allowing] scant time for recovery from the thump and grind .

Incases where carers have participated in permitting freedom of action for the sufferer an and accident has followed the carer may need help in coming to terms with the feelings of guilt which may follow .
incases where carers have participated in [letting/allowing] freedom of action for the sufferer an and accident has followed the carer may need help in coming to terms with the feelings of guilt which may follow .

The Church permitting no divorce , the way open to her was separation .
the church [letting/allowing] no divorce , the way open to her was separation .

The reaction of parents to infants , and of friends to the speech of those who are gravely ill , is to attribute meaning to any murmur which can be interpreted as relevant to the context of situation , and , if at all possible , to interpret what appears to be being said as constituting a coherent message , permitting the hearer to construct a coherent interpretation .
the reaction of parents to infants , and of friends to the speech of those who are gravely ill , is to attribute meaning to any murmur which can be interpreted as relevant to the context of situation , and , if at all possible , to interpret what appears to be being said as constituting a coherent message , [letting/allowing] the hearer to construct a coherent interpretation .

( ii ) There is a general overriding principle that the Schedule must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters signed at Brussels on 27 September 1968 in order to ensure that it is fully effective ; in order to strengthen in the Community the legal protection of persons therein established ; and in order to contribute to the proper administration of justice within the Community by preventing parallel proceedings before the courts of different contracting states , and avoiding conflict between decisions which might result from permitting such parallel proceedings to continue .
( ii ) there is a general overriding principle that the schedule must be interpreted by reference principally to the system and objectives of the convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters signed at brussels on 27 september 1968 in order to ensure that it is fully effective ; in order to strengthen in the community the legal protection of persons therein established ; and in order to contribute to the proper administration of justice within the community by preventing parallel proceedings before the courts of different contracting states , and avoiding conflict between decisions which might result from [letting/allowing] such parallel proceedings to continue .

The plaintiff , acting under section 222 of the Local Government Act 1972 ‘ to promote or protect the interests of the inhabitants in its area , ’ brought an action for declarations that the dock company and its sublessees operating in the port had created a public nuisance and it sought injunctions restraining them from permitting heavy goods vehicles coming to and from the port between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m .
the plaintiff , acting under section 222 of the local government act 1972 ‘ to promote or protect the interests of the inhabitants in its area , ’ brought an action for declarations that the dock company and its sublessees operating in the port had created a public nuisance and it sought injunctions restraining them from [letting/allowing] heavy goods vehicles coming to and from the port between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m .

The plaintiff sought a declaration that the use of Bridge Road and the section of Medway Road between Bridge Road and its junction up to its junction with Mill Road by heavy goods vehicles coming to and from the premises of the fourth and fifth defendants at the Chatham Dockyard between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. constituted a public nuisance ; an injunction prohibiting the fourth and fifth defendants from causing or permitting heavy goods vehicles coming to or from their premises at Chatham Dockyard to use those roads between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. ; an injunction prohibiting the dock company from permitting heavy goods vehicles to enter or leave the Chatham Dockyard by the Gillingham Gate between those hours ; and a mandatory injunction requiring the dock company to take all steps within its power to prevent the use of those roads by heavy goods vehicles of the fourth and fifth defendants between those hours .
the plaintiff sought a declaration that the use of bridge road and the section of medway road between bridge road and its junction up to its junction with mill road by heavy goods vehicles coming to and from the premises of the fourth and fifth defendants at the chatham dockyard between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. constituted a public nuisance ; an injunction prohibiting the fourth and fifth defendants from causing or [letting/allowing] heavy goods vehicles coming to or from their premises at chatham dockyard to use those roads between 7 p.m. and 7 a.m. ; an injunction prohibiting the dock company from [letting/allowing] heavy goods vehicles to enter or leave the chatham dockyard by the gillingham gate between those hours ; and a mandatory injunction requiring the dock company to take all steps within its power to prevent the use of those roads by heavy goods vehicles of the fourth and fifth defendants between those hours .

And , finally , it points to the importance of external constraints ( inhibitors ) in permitting the individual to satisfy his or her purchase motivations .
and , finally , it points to the importance of external constraints ( inhibitors ) in [letting/allowing] the individual to satisfy his or her purchase motivations .

The Majority Report of the Royal Commission on Divorce used the existence of large numbers of working class common-law marriages as an argument in favour of relaxing the divorce law and thus permitting remarriage .
the majority report of the royal commission on divorce used the existence of large numbers of working class common-law marriages as an argument in favour of relaxing the divorce law and thus [letting/allowing] remarriage .

As for the goal of flexibility , grouping can be distinctly double-edged , permitting teachers to concentrate as much or as little of their time on particular children or particular curriculum areas as they wish .
as for the goal of flexibility , grouping can be distinctly double-edged , [letting/allowing] teachers to concentrate as much or as little of their time on particular children or particular curriculum areas as they wish .

The same difficulty may discourage a teacher from permitting the children to ask too many questions themselves .
the same difficulty may discourage a teacher from [letting/allowing] the children to ask too many questions themselves .

World Sprint Championships venues have been announced as Nyköping in 1993 , Zagreb in 1995 ( the political situation permitting ) and Duisburg in 1995 .
world sprint championships venues have been announced as nyköping in 1993 , zagreb in 1995 ( the political situation [letting/allowing] ) and duisburg in 1995 .

He believed that sensible policies for extracting timber would allow a balance to be maintained , permitting humankind to harvest a permanently renewable resource .
he believed that sensible policies for extracting timber would allow a balance to be maintained , [letting/allowing] humankind to harvest a permanently renewable resource .

The man 's trembling want of her made her feel that speck grow into a force ; she began to enjoy denying him , then permitting him again , she used her strength to grip and pin him and squeeze him in parts that made him cry out , to gouge and scratch his pale , thin flesh , she fortified him with tisanes that make men what was called in her language ‘ cross ’ , and gave him leaves to chew to stay his excitement so she could explore the crustacean pinkness of his flesh and turn her curiosity and its tinge of disgust to a form of power over him which gave her pleasure .
the man 's trembling want of her made her feel that speck grow into a force ; she began to enjoy denying him , then [letting/allowing] him again , she used her strength to grip and pin him and squeeze him in parts that made him cry out , to gouge and scratch his pale , thin flesh , she fortified him with tisanes that make men what was called in her language ‘ cross ’ , and gave him leaves to chew to stay his excitement so she could explore the crustacean pinkness of his flesh and turn her curiosity and its tinge of disgust to a form of power over him which gave her pleasure .

Gregson glanced at the clock on the dashboard and estimated that he could be at New Scotland Yard in less than thirty minutes , traffic permitting .
gregson glanced at the clock on the dashboard and estimated that he could be at new scotland yard in less than thirty minutes , traffic [letting/allowing] .

In 1706 Gwynne blundered badly once more in permitting his name to be subscribed to a paper written by the philosopher Leibniz , in support of moves in England to invite over the Hanoverian heir presumptive to the throne , published in the form of an open Letter to Lord Stamford , the effect of which was to alienate both Queen Anne and the Electress Sophia .
in 1706 gwynne blundered badly once more in [letting/allowing] his name to be subscribed to a paper written by the philosopher leibniz , in support of moves in england to invite over the hanoverian heir presumptive to the throne , published in the form of an open letter to lord stamford , the effect of which was to alienate both queen anne and the electress sophia .

Spain 's war with England in February 1656 put the Spanish subjects in the Jewish community at risk , and when the goods and ships of a fellow Marrano Antonio Rodrigues Robles were seized as belonging to an enemy alien , Carvajal finally joined with Manasseh ben Israel and five others on 24 March 1656 in petitioning the Protector for a formal statement permitting Jewish residence .
spain 's war with england in february 1656 put the spanish subjects in the jewish community at risk , and when the goods and ships of a fellow marrano antonio rodrigues robles were seized as belonging to an enemy alien , carvajal finally joined with manasseh ben israel and five others on 24 march 1656 in petitioning the protector for a formal statement [letting/allowing] jewish residence .

That is , if a group announces that it will organise a counter demonstration in opposition to one of which the police have been notified under section 11 , the police can if necessary subject the late comers to conditions imposed under sections 12 or 14 that effectively prevent the two groups from clashing , or permitting them to meet only in carefully controlled conditions .
that is , if a group announces that it will organise a counter demonstration in opposition to one of which the police have been notified under section 11 , the police can if necessary subject the late comers to conditions imposed under sections 12 or 14 that effectively prevent the two groups from clashing , or [letting/allowing] them to meet only in carefully controlled conditions .

Recent decisions in Japan and Germany permitting deployment of their armed forces outside their national territories appear to support the realist view that , in the conduct of global politics , economic status must be backed by military capacity .
recent decisions in japan and germany [letting/allowing] deployment of their armed forces outside their national territories appear to support the realist view that , in the conduct of global politics , economic status must be backed by military capacity .

In a five-part polyphonic passage in which an independent cello part is necessary , it is always better to divide the cellos , and to give the lowest part to the second half of the cellos either in actual unison ( pitch permitting ) or in the octave above the double basses .
in a five-part polyphonic passage in which an independent cello part is necessary , it is always better to divide the cellos , and to give the lowest part to the second half of the cellos either in actual unison ( pitch [letting/allowing] ) or in the octave above the double basses .

At the lower octave the bassoon is by far the best , though the bottom notes of the clarinet might be used ( pitch permitting ) if a dark , cloudy , and rather menacing atmosphere were desired .
at the lower octave the bassoon is by far the best , though the bottom notes of the clarinet might be used ( pitch [letting/allowing] ) if a dark , cloudy , and rather menacing atmosphere were desired .

Further journal files are kept of all file activity permitting recovery of virtually all data in the event of catastrophic disc failures or other disasters of comparable severity , using ‘ roll-forward ’ protocols .
further journal files are kept of all file activity [letting/allowing] recovery of virtually all data in the event of catastrophic disc failures or other disasters of comparable severity , using ‘ roll-forward ’ protocols .

Courts would be involved in pre-trial procedure much more actively than at present in attempting to keep the parties to proposed new timetables , whilst allowing for a realistic degree of relaxation by the court , and permitting the parties to vary particular time limits by agreement , subject always to the obligation to have the case ready for trial and set down within the overall timetable .
courts would be involved in pre-trial procedure much more actively than at present in attempting to keep the parties to proposed new timetables , whilst allowing for a realistic degree of relaxation by the court , and [letting/allowing] the parties to vary particular time limits by agreement , subject always to the obligation to have the case ready for trial and set down within the overall timetable .

If an expensive court , barristers and pre-trial procedure do not have to be paid for , it must be the case that permitting the parties to agree between themselves is cheaper .
if an expensive court , barristers and pre-trial procedure do not have to be paid for , it must be the case that [letting/allowing] the parties to agree between themselves is cheaper .

The rule refers to permitting reference to ‘ parliamentary materials ’ and here to contextual ‘ Parliamentary material ’ .
the rule refers to [letting/allowing] reference to ‘ parliamentary materials ’ and here to contextual ‘ parliamentary material ’ .

The report states : ‘ She knew it was not right in him to act as he did and … she knew it was not right in herself in permitting him … she knew it was wrong in both , and that it was against her will at all the tunes .
the report states : ‘ she knew it was not right in him to act as he did and … she knew it was not right in herself in [letting/allowing] him … she knew it was wrong in both , and that it was against her will at all the tunes .

Moreover , where a woman dares not register her non-consent because of a man 's violent or frightening behaviour , the law is permitting him to benefit from his own wrong if it grants him a defence on the basis of an honest but unreasonable belief in consent .
moreover , where a woman dares not register her non-consent because of a man 's violent or frightening behaviour , the law is [letting/allowing] him to benefit from his own wrong if it grants him a defence on the basis of an honest but unreasonable belief in consent .

There are always likely to be complaints about the precise distribution of conduct within the ladder of offences , but by permitting a maximum penalty as high as ten years for the lowest category , the relegation of conduct to it becomes less significant .
there are always likely to be complaints about the precise distribution of conduct within the ladder of offences , but by [letting/allowing] a maximum penalty as high as ten years for the lowest category , the relegation of conduct to it becomes less significant .

Circumstances permitting , it may subsequently be possible to widen the objective to facilitate learning from the experience and to enhance the development of good practice in dealing with violence .
circumstances [letting/allowing] , it may subsequently be possible to widen the objective to facilitate learning from the experience and to enhance the development of good practice in dealing with violence .

However , attempts to undermine this approach continued to mount with councillors in some rural areas permitting increasing numbers of new houses in the open countryside , while others in urban areas yielded to the temptation to sprawl towns into the countryside , often along the line of major roads .
however , attempts to undermine this approach continued to mount with councillors in some rural areas [letting/allowing] increasing numbers of new houses in the open countryside , while others in urban areas yielded to the temptation to sprawl towns into the countryside , often along the line of major roads .

The government has issued the first licence permitting the irradiation of food .
the government has issued the first licence [letting/allowing] the irradiation of food .

An issue of ordinary shares in the offeror as consideration will permit accepting shareholders to share in future growth ( which may be particularly attractive if the offeror is a high-growth company ) as well as permitting them to participate in the offeror by holding voting shares .
an issue of ordinary shares in the offeror as consideration will permit accepting shareholders to share in future growth ( which may be particularly attractive if the offeror is a high-growth company ) as well as [letting/allowing] them to participate in the offeror by holding voting shares .

Landlords are often amenable to amendments permitting an assignment of an agreement for lease , usually after any tenant 's works have been completed , but subject to the assignee covenanting with the landlord to be bound by the terms and conditions of the agreement , which is not unreasonable .
landlords are often amenable to amendments [letting/allowing] an assignment of an agreement for lease , usually after any tenant 's works have been completed , but subject to the assignee covenanting with the landlord to be bound by the terms and conditions of the agreement , which is not unreasonable .

5.9.6.6 prohibiting the undertenant from permitting another to occupy the whole or any part of the Premises
5.9.6.6 prohibiting the undertenant from [letting/allowing] another to occupy the whole or any part of the premises

5.9.6.6 prohibiting the undertenant from permitting another to occupy the whole or any part of the Premises ( otherwise than as permitted in this clause 5.9 )
5.9.6.6 prohibiting the undertenant from [letting/allowing] another to occupy the whole or any part of the premises ( otherwise than as permitted in this clause 5.9 )

5.9.10 Within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the Premises to produce for registration with the Landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the Landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 Notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the Tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the Premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the Tenant ( within the meaning of Section 42 of the 1954 Act ) for so long as both companies shall remain members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] As well as a joint occupation clause , the tenant should consider including a provision permitting the tenant to share the premises with franchisees where the premises are sufficiently large and the tenant 's business could accommodate such trading operations , eg :
5.9.10 within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the premises to produce for registration with the landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the tenant ( within the meaning of section 42 of the 1954 act ) for so long as both companies shall remain members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] as well as a joint occupation clause , the tenant should consider including a provision [letting/allowing] the tenant to share the premises with franchisees where the premises are sufficiently large and the tenant 's business could accommodate such trading operations , eg :

4 Entry The right for the Tenant and all persons expressly or by implication authorised by the Tenant to enter upon other parts of the Centre and ( if any ) the Adjoining Property to carry out works to the Premises where such works would otherwise not be possible , or may be possible but rendered more expensive than they would otherwise be if this right was available The problem of access over a neighbour 's land has been greatly alleviated by the passage of the Access to Neighbouring Land Act 1992 which sets out a procedure whereby a person may obtain a court order permitting access to a neighbour 's property in order to carry out works to protect , repair or maintain their property in circumstances where the neighbour refuses consent to such access .
4 entry the right for the tenant and all persons expressly or by implication authorised by the tenant to enter upon other parts of the centre and ( if any ) the adjoining property to carry out works to the premises where such works would otherwise not be possible , or may be possible but rendered more expensive than they would otherwise be if this right was available the problem of access over a neighbour 's land has been greatly alleviated by the passage of the access to neighbouring land act 1992 which sets out a procedure whereby a person may obtain a court order [letting/allowing] access to a neighbour 's property in order to carry out works to protect , repair or maintain their property in circumstances where the neighbour refuses consent to such access .

The European Convention , trial by jury , the openness of courts , the remnants of the rule against prior restraint , the absence of laws permitting direct government interference , and the `` public interest `` role of the Attorney-General , at least ensure that the British media enjoy relative freedom from censorship by comparison with third world countries .
the european convention , trial by jury , the openness of courts , the remnants of the rule against prior restraint , the absence of laws [letting/allowing] direct government interference , and the `` public interest `` role of the attorney-general , at least ensure that the british media enjoy relative freedom from censorship by comparison with third world countries .

Both `` obscenity `` and `` indecency `` are defined by reference to vague and elastic formulae , permitting forensic debates over morality which fit uneasily into the format of a criminal trial .
both `` obscenity `` and `` indecency `` are defined by reference to vague and elastic formulae , [letting/allowing] forensic debates over morality which fit uneasily into the format of a criminal trial .

It might be understood in advance that the proportion of women who would be permitted an abortion would be fixed by the ratio of votes for permitting all abortions to total votes .
it might be understood in advance that the proportion of women who would be permitted an abortion would be fixed by the ratio of votes for [letting/allowing] all abortions to total votes .

Among primates , orang-utans , gibbons and siamangs in west Malesia have differences in body size , permitting coexistence .
among primates , orang-utans , gibbons and siamangs in west malesia have differences in body size , [letting/allowing] coexistence .

Section 3 ( 2 ) ( b ) ( ii ) restricts clauses permitting a party to render no performance in respect of contractual obligations .
section 3 ( 2 ) ( b ) ( ii ) restricts clauses [letting/allowing] a party to render no performance in respect of contractual obligations .

Further , the clause gives additional flexibility by permitting the cancellation of the order in whole or part .
further , the clause gives additional flexibility by [letting/allowing] the cancellation of the order in whole or part .

The general indemnity in cl 7.3 of Precedent 2 would also assist the buyer in appropriate cases , and would have the effect of permitting recovery of compensation for all damage flowing from the infringement , subject only to proving causation , as discussed in the previous section .
the general indemnity in cl 7.3 of precedent 2 would also assist the buyer in appropriate cases , and would have the effect of [letting/allowing] recovery of compensation for all damage flowing from the infringement , subject only to proving causation , as discussed in the previous section .

Multi-disciplinary practices For some time the desirability of permitting partnerships between solicitors and other professionals ( particularly accountants ) has been the subject of intense discussion both within and without the legal profession .
multi-disciplinary practices for some time the desirability of [letting/allowing] partnerships between solicitors and other professionals ( particularly accountants ) has been the subject of intense discussion both within and without the legal profession .

Section 9 of the Administration of Justice Act 1985 empowered the Council of the Law Society to make rules permitting and regulating the conduct of a solicitor 's business by a body corporate .
section 9 of the administration of justice act 1985 empowered the council of the law society to make rules [letting/allowing] and regulating the conduct of a solicitor 's business by a body corporate .

The Act contains no provisions permitting retirement specifically on the grounds of old age or ill health or for the expulsion of miscreant or unwanted partners .
the act contains no provisions [letting/allowing] retirement specifically on the grounds of old age or ill health or for the expulsion of miscreant or unwanted partners .

It is usual to provide for such circumstances by permitting expulsion where a partner , through ill health etc , is prevented from performing his obligations to the firm .
it is usual to provide for such circumstances by [letting/allowing] expulsion where a partner , through ill health etc , is prevented from performing his obligations to the firm .

On a commercial note , it may well be that the insertion of a landlord 's break will reduce the market rent obtainable for the property , a fact which will doubtless manifest itself at the time of the first rent review after the landlord 's power to break has become exercisable . Example 3:7 Landlord 's power to break ( 1 ) The landlord shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than six months ' notice in writing expiring on or after [ date ] if he intends at the expiry of such notice either : ( a ) to demolish or reconstruct the demised property or a substantial part of it or to carry out substantial work of construction on the demised property or part of it ; or ( b ) to occupy the demised property for the purposes or partly for the purposes of a business to be carried on by him ( 2 ) The service of a notice under s25 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 shall be sufficient notice and good service for the purposes of the preceding subclause Example 3:8 Tenant 's power to break on refusal of planning permission The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than three nor more than six months ' notice in writing served not more than one month after the happening of any of the following events : ( 1 ) the refusal or deemed refusal by the local planning authority to renew the planning permission dated [ date ] permitting the use of the demised property for ; ( 2 ) the dismissal by the Secretary of State or an appointed person of any appeal against any such refusal ; ( 3 ) the expiry of the said planning permission Example 3:9 Tenant 's right to break preventing exercise of rights under Landlord and Tenant Act The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … by giving not less than thirteen months ' previous notice to that effect Example 3:10 Tenant 's conditional right to break The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … if : ( 1 ) he gives thirteen months ' written notice to that effect ; and ( 2 ) both at the date of the notice and at the date of its expiry there are neither any outstanding arrears of rent nor any subsisting breach of covenant by the tenant for which the landlord would be entitled to recover damages of more than a nominal amount
on a commercial note , it may well be that the insertion of a landlord 's break will reduce the market rent obtainable for the property , a fact which will doubtless manifest itself at the time of the first rent review after the landlord 's power to break has become exercisable . example 3:7 landlord 's power to break ( 1 ) the landlord shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than six months ' notice in writing expiring on or after [ date ] if he intends at the expiry of such notice either : ( a ) to demolish or reconstruct the demised property or a substantial part of it or to carry out substantial work of construction on the demised property or part of it ; or ( b ) to occupy the demised property for the purposes or partly for the purposes of a business to be carried on by him ( 2 ) the service of a notice under s25 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 shall be sufficient notice and good service for the purposes of the preceding subclause example 3:8 tenant 's power to break on refusal of planning permission the tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than three nor more than six months ' notice in writing served not more than one month after the happening of any of the following events : ( 1 ) the refusal or deemed refusal by the local planning authority to renew the planning permission dated [ date ] [letting/allowing] the use of the demised property for ; ( 2 ) the dismissal by the secretary of state or an appointed person of any appeal against any such refusal ; ( 3 ) the expiry of the said planning permission example 3:9 tenant 's right to break preventing exercise of rights under landlord and tenant act the tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … by giving not less than thirteen months ' previous notice to that effect example 3:10 tenant 's conditional right to break the tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … if : ( 1 ) he gives thirteen months ' written notice to that effect ; and ( 2 ) both at the date of the notice and at the date of its expiry there are neither any outstanding arrears of rent nor any subsisting breach of covenant by the tenant for which the landlord would be entitled to recover damages of more than a nominal amount

It is therefore usual for the offer letter to contain a clause permitting the investor , its accountants and other professional advisers to conduct due diligence in relation to the target business .
it is therefore usual for the offer letter to contain a clause [letting/allowing] the investor , its accountants and other professional advisers to conduct due diligence in relation to the target business .

Dry storage facilities are to be constructed at Scottish Nuclear 's advanced gas-cooled power stations at Torness and Hunterston , planning permission permitting .
dry storage facilities are to be constructed at scottish nuclear 's advanced gas-cooled power stations at torness and hunterston , planning permission [letting/allowing] .

In 1991 Ecuanor reapplied for the permits under a law permitting mining in protected areas if it were deemed `` in the national interest `` .
in 1991 ecuanor reapplied for the permits under a law [letting/allowing] mining in protected areas if it were deemed `` in the national interest `` .

Open daily Easter to September , 10am to dusk , weather permitting .
open daily easter to september , 10am to dusk , weather [letting/allowing] .

The network is aimed at permitting exchange and support between its members , thus reinforcing their initiatives for the democratisation of communication and society as a whole .
the network is aimed at [letting/allowing] exchange and support between its members , thus reinforcing their initiatives for the democratisation of communication and society as a whole .

Private ownership is also justified because by permitting individual property owners to pursue their own self-interest in a competitive market it is argued that we achieve an optimal allocation of society 's resources .
private ownership is also justified because by [letting/allowing] individual property owners to pursue their own self-interest in a competitive market it is argued that we achieve an optimal allocation of society 's resources .

Permitting management to use their discretion to run a company for the public benefit may be tantamount to encouraging them to run it according to their own moral and political views about what constitutes the public benefit .
[letting/allowing] management to use their discretion to run a company for the public benefit may be tantamount to encouraging them to run it according to their own moral and political views about what constitutes the public benefit .

Open-ended standards in legislation confer discretion permitting a wide variety of factors to be taken into account in adjudication .
open-ended standards in legislation confer discretion [letting/allowing] a wide variety of factors to be taken into account in adjudication .

This involves violating one 's own rights by failing to express honest feelings , thoughts and beliefs , and consequently permitting others to violate oneself .
this involves violating one 's own rights by failing to express honest feelings , thoughts and beliefs , and consequently [letting/allowing] others to violate oneself .

Tajan was able to hold the sale thanks to recent changes to French legislation permitting auctioneers to practise away from their places of residence .
tajan was able to hold the sale thanks to recent changes to french legislation [letting/allowing] auctioneers to practise away from their places of residence .

The offending picture was confiscated and Professor Jones was mauled for permitting its exhibition .
the offending picture was confiscated and professor jones was mauled for [letting/allowing] its exhibition .

Therefore , financial performance criteria are relatively easily met by raising prices sufficiently above costs , if allowed , or permitting service to deteriorate in order to make cost savings .
therefore , financial performance criteria are relatively easily met by raising prices sufficiently above costs , if allowed , or [letting/allowing] service to deteriorate in order to make cost savings .

The Privy Council is then found referring to arbitration a dispute between two foreigners , hearing the submission and apology of a merchant for speaking offensively about the Queen , instructing sheriffs to send up a note of the number of prisoners in their gaols , ordering mayors of seaports to prepare private ships to serve in the navy against the expected Spanish invasion , telling its agents at the Hague to arrange for the purchase of matches for guns , sending off various warrants , organizing the acquisition of copper for the Queen 's service , delegating the decision in a legal action to the J.P.s of Bedfordshire , permitting the taking of a collection on behalf of a Cornish village despoiled by Spaniards , and writing to the Lord Mayor of London about a complaint against his predecessor .
the privy council is then found referring to arbitration a dispute between two foreigners , hearing the submission and apology of a merchant for speaking offensively about the queen , instructing sheriffs to send up a note of the number of prisoners in their gaols , ordering mayors of seaports to prepare private ships to serve in the navy against the expected spanish invasion , telling its agents at the hague to arrange for the purchase of matches for guns , sending off various warrants , organizing the acquisition of copper for the queen 's service , delegating the decision in a legal action to the j.p.s of bedfordshire , [letting/allowing] the taking of a collection on behalf of a cornish village despoiled by spaniards , and writing to the lord mayor of london about a complaint against his predecessor .

Much of the area is mountainous , with only around one-fifth permitting of cultivation .
much of the area is mountainous , with only around one-fifth [letting/allowing] of cultivation .

He concluded with the Bakufu a convention opening Hakodate ( in Hokkaido ) and Shimoda as ports of refuge , permitting sailors to be returned and the appointment of consuls at a later date .
he concluded with the bakufu a convention opening hakodate ( in hokkaido ) and shimoda as ports of refuge , [letting/allowing] sailors to be returned and the appointment of consuls at a later date .

The growing economic and physical hardships of the later stages of the Pacific War , and the inability of the authorities reformed with a view to providing equality of opportunity , in the hope that this would back up a new , genuinely democratic social structure permitting a high level of individual social mobility .
the growing economic and physical hardships of the later stages of the pacific war , and the inability of the authorities reformed with a view to providing equality of opportunity , in the hope that this would back up a new , genuinely democratic social structure [letting/allowing] a high level of individual social mobility .

Of these , technology has had by far the greatest impact , by permitting structural changes in internationally linked production systems .
of these , technology has had by far the greatest impact , by [letting/allowing] structural changes in internationally linked production systems .

As we illustrated in chapter 2 , they had to choose between permitting default ( and risk a banking panic ) or insisting on repayment ( risking cutbacks on trade with the debtor countries ) .
as we illustrated in chapter 2 , they had to choose between [letting/allowing] default ( and risk a banking panic ) or insisting on repayment ( risking cutbacks on trade with the debtor countries ) .

Annie came in at seven-thirty every weekday morning , bathed and fed the child and , weather permitting , took her for an outing in the large black perambulator .
annie came in at seven-thirty every weekday morning , bathed and fed the child and , weather [letting/allowing] , took her for an outing in the large black perambulator .

The new charters were likely to have been written in the royal chancery rather than by their recipients , permitting greater uniformity , a more dispositive note , and the regular appearance of only a few royal officials as witnesses .
the new charters were likely to have been written in the royal chancery rather than by their recipients , [letting/allowing] greater uniformity , a more dispositive note , and the regular appearance of only a few royal officials as witnesses .

However , in January 1985 a new librarian was appointed and senior staff expressed hope that , industrial action permitting , the committee would be reconvened in due course .
however , in january 1985 a new librarian was appointed and senior staff expressed hope that , industrial action [letting/allowing] , the committee would be reconvened in due course .

We conclude that a project such as this needs to strike the right balance between , on the one hand setting criteria and a code of practice which wills structure and direct developments in participating institutions , and , on the other , permitting each institution appropriate independence and room for initiative and discretion .
we conclude that a project such as this needs to strike the right balance between , on the one hand setting criteria and a code of practice which wills structure and direct developments in participating institutions , and , on the other , [letting/allowing] each institution appropriate independence and room for initiative and discretion .

The 1905 Convention was considered at the Sixth Session of the Conference in 1924 when a Protocol was agreed permitting accession by States not represented in 1905 and some further work was set in hand which led to the publication in 1929 of a proposed revised Convention .
the 1905 convention was considered at the sixth session of the conference in 1924 when a protocol was agreed [letting/allowing] accession by states not represented in 1905 and some further work was set in hand which led to the publication in 1929 of a proposed revised convention .

It will be noted that no reference has been made to service by post ; the provisions in the Rules of the Supreme Court permitting the use of ‘ ordinary first-class post ’ or service by inserting the writ through the letter-box at the defendant 's address are not applied to service out of the jurisdiction .
it will be noted that no reference has been made to service by post ; the provisions in the rules of the supreme court [letting/allowing] the use of ‘ ordinary first-class post ’ or service by inserting the writ through the letter-box at the defendant 's address are not applied to service out of the jurisdiction .

The Committee produced a draft text , which on this subject contained three quite different formulations each permitting a different range of procedures .
the committee produced a draft text , which on this subject contained three quite different formulations each [letting/allowing] a different range of procedures .

Two advantages follow from permitting insider dealing on this basis .
two advantages follow from [letting/allowing] insider dealing on this basis .

But the decision in Regal ( Hastings ) , permitting the company to seek civil redress , is not without its difficulties .
but the decision in regal ( hastings ) , [letting/allowing] the company to seek civil redress , is not without its difficulties .

The choice is yours ( airline regulations permitting ) .
the choice is yours ( airline regulations [letting/allowing] ) .

It has a large swimming pool ( open from 25 May weather permitting ) , a sun terrace with sun-beds and umbrellas , and a shaded patio where cool drinks can be served .
it has a large swimming pool ( open from 25 may weather [letting/allowing] ) , a sun terrace with sun-beds and umbrellas , and a shaded patio where cool drinks can be served .

Breakfast is served on the large terrace , weather permitting , and a lunch time grill is sometimes held by the pool .
breakfast is served on the large terrace , weather [letting/allowing] , and a lunch time grill is sometimes held by the pool .

On Saturday evenings guests are entertained in the garden , weather permitting .
on saturday evenings guests are entertained in the garden , weather [letting/allowing] .

An evening excursion by boat to the islands ( weather permitting ) for all guests staying 14 nights arriving on or between 6 Jun–12 Sep .
an evening excursion by boat to the islands ( weather [letting/allowing] ) for all guests staying 14 nights arriving on or between 6 jun–12 sep .

There is an excellent restaurant and , weather permitting , meals can be served al fresco on the terrace .
there is an excellent restaurant and , weather [letting/allowing] , meals can be served al fresco on the terrace .

Set just yards from the water 's edge and enjoying excellent views , there is a pleasant lakeside terrace and bar , and a weekly dance ( high season , weather permitting ) .
set just yards from the water 's edge and enjoying excellent views , there is a pleasant lakeside terrace and bar , and a weekly dance ( high season , weather [letting/allowing] ) .

There is a bar and attractive garden patio where , weather permitting , a generous buffet breakfast is served .
there is a bar and attractive garden patio where , weather [letting/allowing] , a generous buffet breakfast is served .

This hotel 's crowning glory is a simply stunning , panoramic roof garden with potted lemon trees and a small , openair swimming pool ( open during summer weather permitting ) and fabulous views .
this hotel 's crowning glory is a simply stunning , panoramic roof garden with potted lemon trees and a small , openair swimming pool ( open during summer weather [letting/allowing] ) and fabulous views .

There is a fine restaurant offering a wide choice of menu , or , weather permitting , guests can dine outside on the pretty verandah , overlooking the gardens .
there is a fine restaurant offering a wide choice of menu , or , weather [letting/allowing] , guests can dine outside on the pretty verandah , overlooking the gardens .

To date we have been permitting an additional smoking break in the morning and again in the afternoon for smokers within the office as part of the agreement to have no smoking throughout the main parts of Chesser House .
to date we have been [letting/allowing] an additional smoking break in the morning and again in the afternoon for smokers within the office as part of the agreement to have no smoking throughout the main parts of chesser house .

Health permitting , her early retirement would be out of character .
health [letting/allowing] , her early retirement would be out of character .

Constitutional amendments were approved permitting the formation of a standing parliament , or Little Hural , to be filled partly through popular election .
constitutional amendments were approved [letting/allowing] the formation of a standing parliament , or little hural , to be filled partly through popular election .

Amendments were also approved permitting the creation of a post of President , to be elected by the People 's Great Hural , with the task of co-ordinating the work of the two Hurals .
amendments were also approved [letting/allowing] the creation of a post of president , to be elected by the people 's great hural , with the task of co-ordinating the work of the two hurals .

Debate over attempts to limit the number of appeals allowed to prisoners on death row in order to speed up executions affected both courts and Congress following the recommendation of a special five-judge judicial committee in September 1989 that the federal law be amended to allow states the option of permitting prisoners only one round of appeals .
debate over attempts to limit the number of appeals allowed to prisoners on death row in order to speed up executions affected both courts and congress following the recommendation of a special five-judge judicial committee in september 1989 that the federal law be amended to allow states the option of [letting/allowing] prisoners only one round of appeals .

This data will be supplemented with observation and documentary analysis , confidentially permitting .
this data will be supplemented with observation and documentary analysis , confidentially [letting/allowing] .

The study will examine this issue in relation to recent major developments in public transport in Britain , including the use of travelcards ( permitting extra trips at zero money cost , and hence stimulating more complex trip chains ) : the role of minibuses ( offering much higher service frequencies ) , and of bus deregulation .
the study will examine this issue in relation to recent major developments in public transport in britain , including the use of travelcards ( [letting/allowing] extra trips at zero money cost , and hence stimulating more complex trip chains ) : the role of minibuses ( offering much higher service frequencies ) , and of bus deregulation .

In this climate , the idea of planning gain has been floated as a means of reconciling development and conservation by making a ‘ green ’ component , such a nature reserve , a necessary condition for permitting a development scheme to go ahead .
in this climate , the idea of planning gain has been floated as a means of reconciling development and conservation by making a ‘ green ’ component , such a nature reserve , a necessary condition for [letting/allowing] a development scheme to go ahead .

However , in 1988/89 the Chancellor once more reversed the trend by permitting a substantial over-indexation of tax allowances .
however , in 1988/89 the chancellor once more reversed the trend by [letting/allowing] a substantial over-indexation of tax allowances .

These can not be known at the time the decision is to be made and a means of stating what is known and what is assessed of the influence of future events on the commercial performance of the product , permitting comparisons between options , is needed .
these can not be known at the time the decision is to be made and a means of stating what is known and what is assessed of the influence of future events on the commercial performance of the product , [letting/allowing] comparisons between options , is needed .

It is 252 feet high in contrast to the older Tour de Romaine on the other side of the façade and is called the Tour de Beurre because money was provided for its erection from payments for dispensations given permitting consumption of butter during Lent ( 471 ) .
it is 252 feet high in contrast to the older tour de romaine on the other side of the façade and is called the tour de beurre because money was provided for its erection from payments for dispensations given [letting/allowing] consumption of butter during lent ( 471 ) .

It is usually argued that fixed capital increasing projects , even if they cause local and short-term unemployment , actually increase total employment through permitting significant increases in output .
it is usually argued that fixed capital increasing projects , even if they cause local and short-term unemployment , actually increase total employment through [letting/allowing] significant increases in output .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health what progress is being made towards permitting nurse prescribing .
to ask the secretary of state for health what progress is being made towards [letting/allowing] nurse prescribing .

The French would be content so long as the arrangement was for them to sell abroad ; there can , however , be no question of France permitting her massive investment in nuclear power to be undermined by making it possible for French consumers to buy in from abroad .
the french would be content so long as the arrangement was for them to sell abroad ; there can , however , be no question of france [letting/allowing] her massive investment in nuclear power to be undermined by making it possible for french consumers to buy in from abroad .

The most commonly-used light source is a discharge lamp , generally with a collimating capillary which allows a pencil of light to escape into the sample region without permitting sample to flow back into the discharge .
the most commonly-used light source is a discharge lamp , generally with a collimating capillary which allows a pencil of light to escape into the sample region without [letting/allowing] sample to flow back into the discharge .

She inclined her head graciously , permitting the paparazzi to photograph her .
she inclined her head graciously , [letting/allowing] the paparazzi to photograph her .

The size characteristics of the flocs may be examined by permitting settling in natural waters in which sediment and ionic concentrations may be high ( Peirce & williams , 1966 ) .
the size characteristics of the flocs may be examined by [letting/allowing] settling in natural waters in which sediment and ionic concentrations may be high ( peirce & williams , 1966 ) .

Whilst data presented in graphical form have pictorial value , permitting crude general statements to be made about a sediment , they are of little value for detailed comparisons with other samples .
whilst data presented in graphical form have pictorial value , [letting/allowing] crude general statements to be made about a sediment , they are of little value for detailed comparisons with other samples .

… but it is a different sort of objectivity than that permitting and defining assertibility in the sciences and impossible to verify or vindicate by their kinds of instruments and tests . ( p. 44 )
… but it is a different sort of objectivity than that [letting/allowing] and defining assertibility in the sciences and impossible to verify or vindicate by their kinds of instruments and tests . ( p. 44 )

He had pressed on with the work , permitting no more interruption than common courtesy required , and had joined in the prayer of thanksgiving with a truly heartfelt gratitude not occasioned only by the woman 's departure .
he had pressed on with the work , [letting/allowing] no more interruption than common courtesy required , and had joined in the prayer of thanksgiving with a truly heartfelt gratitude not occasioned only by the woman 's departure .

In permitting the bishop of Châlons-sur-Marne to set up a mint in 864 , the king acknowledged difficulties in suppling the new currency .
in [letting/allowing] the bishop of châlons-sur-marne to set up a mint in 864 , the king acknowledged difficulties in suppling the new currency .

Hincmar describes how while the counsellors deliberated , the king spent time ( outdoors , weather permitting ) among the minores , chatting with them in a familiar way , listening to their grievances .
hincmar describes how while the counsellors deliberated , the king spent time ( outdoors , weather [letting/allowing] ) among the minores , chatting with them in a familiar way , listening to their grievances .

The former approach may be regarded as paternalistic or a proper expression of public policy , and the latter as showing respect for the autonomy of the individual or as permitting the exploitation of the worker , depending on one 's point of view .
the former approach may be regarded as paternalistic or a proper expression of public policy , and the latter as showing respect for the autonomy of the individual or as [letting/allowing] the exploitation of the worker , depending on one 's point of view .

The verbs seem and appear deliberately withhold applicability ( thus permitting but not demanding the inference that it is inappropriate ) , as does the verb act where it can be taken that the property does not apply .
the verbs seem and appear deliberately withhold applicability ( thus [letting/allowing] but not demanding the inference that it is inappropriate ) , as does the verb act where it can be taken that the property does not apply .

The incident was linked to restrictions imposed in June on correspondents ' access to sessions of the Supreme Soviet Presidium , permitting only official agencies and the government paper Rossiskaya gazeta .
the incident was linked to restrictions imposed in june on correspondents ' access to sessions of the supreme soviet presidium , [letting/allowing] only official agencies and the government paper rossiskaya gazeta .

The human rights organization Amnesty International in its 1992 annual report released on July 9 claimed that governments around the world had connived with security forces in permitting extrajudicial murder , abduction and torture .
the human rights organization amnesty international in its 1992 annual report released on july 9 claimed that governments around the world had connived with security forces in [letting/allowing] extrajudicial murder , abduction and torture .

Meeting in emergency session as soon as news of the attack reached Yerevan , the Armenian capital , the Armenian Supreme Soviet passed a resolution accusing Gorbachev of permitting Azerbaijan to commit `` state terrorism `` and of `` drawing Armenia into war `` .
meeting in emergency session as soon as news of the attack reached yerevan , the armenian capital , the armenian supreme soviet passed a resolution accusing gorbachev of [letting/allowing] azerbaijan to commit `` state terrorism `` and of `` drawing armenia into war `` .

The Mainland Affairs Council on July 29 approved new rules permitting some local banks and post offices to provide foreign-exchange services and send remittances by individuals in Taiwan to China .
the mainland affairs council on july 29 approved new rules [letting/allowing] some local banks and post offices to provide foreign-exchange services and send remittances by individuals in taiwan to china .

The Constitutional Court on June 8 ruled unconstitutional a 1974 Council of Ministers decree permitting government supervision of radio and television , but gave the government until Nov. 30 , 1992 , to enact media legislation , suspending the decree 's annulment until then .
the constitutional court on june 8 ruled unconstitutional a 1974 council of ministers decree [letting/allowing] government supervision of radio and television , but gave the government until nov. 30 , 1992 , to enact media legislation , suspending the decree 's annulment until then .

After Walesa 's election measures which included permitting private broadcasting stations to operate were taken to free the media from state control .
after walesa 's election measures which included [letting/allowing] private broadcasting stations to operate were taken to free the media from state control .

On April 5 the government published a decree permitting private companies to take minority stakes in state-controlled companies , subject to agreement on a co-operation accord .
on april 5 the government published a decree [letting/allowing] private companies to take minority stakes in state-controlled companies , subject to agreement on a co-operation accord .

The contracting parties affirm their intention to create without delay a legal foundation permitting the rehabilitation of all persons who have been victims of a politically motivated punitive measure or any court decision contrary to the rule of law or constitutional principles .
the contracting parties affirm their intention to create without delay a legal foundation [letting/allowing] the rehabilitation of all persons who have been victims of a politically motivated punitive measure or any court decision contrary to the rule of law or constitutional principles .

This `` privatization by stealth `` was traced to former Prime Minister Nikolai Ryzhkov 's decree of March 1990 permitting the sale of dachas to government officials .
this `` privatization by stealth `` was traced to former prime minister nikolai ryzhkov 's decree of march 1990 [letting/allowing] the sale of dachas to government officials .

On Feb. 3 the Russian Information Agency reported further economic legislation in the form of a decree by Yeltsin , permitting free trade and middleman activities by enterprises or individuals .
on feb. 3 the russian information agency reported further economic legislation in the form of a decree by yeltsin , [letting/allowing] free trade and middleman activities by enterprises or individuals .

On Nov. 4 hearings began in a federal appeals court in Honolulu on the constitutionality of a Guam territorial law of 1990 , permitting abortion only when a pregnancy threatened to kill the woman or `` gravely impair `` her health .
on nov. 4 hearings began in a federal appeals court in honolulu on the constitutionality of a guam territorial law of 1990 , [letting/allowing] abortion only when a pregnancy threatened to kill the woman or `` gravely impair `` her health .

Furthermore , with immediate effect the resolution gave the President additional powers permitting him to take unspecified `` emergency measures `` anywhere in the Soviet Union where `` life , health or property `` were threatened .
furthermore , with immediate effect the resolution gave the president additional powers [letting/allowing] him to take unspecified `` emergency measures `` anywhere in the soviet union where `` life , health or property `` were threatened .

They had applied under legislation passed in July 1992 permitting the formation of political parties [ see p. 39027 ] .
they had applied under legislation passed in july 1992 [letting/allowing] the formation of political parties [ see p. 39027 ] .

The material facts are that , some time before the notice was served , the defendant had been knowingly and actively permitting the house to be used as a brothel … The covenant , the breach of which is complained of , expressly forbids the tenant to permit the premises to be used for such a purpose … In those circumstances the plaintiffs were entitled to obtain possession of the premises unless they failed to comply with the terms of s.146 of the Law of Property Act 1925 .
the material facts are that , some time before the notice was served , the defendant had been knowingly and actively [letting/allowing] the house to be used as a brothel … the covenant , the breach of which is complained of , expressly forbids the tenant to permit the premises to be used for such a purpose … in those circumstances the plaintiffs were entitled to obtain possession of the premises unless they failed to comply with the terms of s.146 of the law of property act 1925 .

The first point is , whether this particular breach is capable of remedy … This particular breach … conducting the premises , or permitting them to be conducted , as a house of ill-fame … is one which in my judgment was not remedied by merely stopping the user .
the first point is , whether this particular breach is capable of remedy … this particular breach … conducting the premises , or [letting/allowing] them to be conducted , as a house of ill-fame … is one which in my judgment was not remedied by merely stopping the user .

Applying Lawrence , however , you can appropriate in spite of the shopkeeper permitting you to do what you have done .
applying lawrence , however , you can appropriate in spite of the shopkeeper [letting/allowing] you to do what you have done .

( 2 ) It is an obtaining of services where the other is induced to confer a benefit by doing some act , or causing or permitting some act to be done , on the understanding that the benefit has been or will be paid for .
( 2 ) it is an obtaining of services where the other is induced to confer a benefit by doing some act , or causing or [letting/allowing] some act to be done , on the understanding that the benefit has been or will be paid for .

Workhouse building , despite the permitting of parishes to combine for the purpose in 1723 , was until 1750 largely an urban phenomenon , for in the countryside out-relief was proving itself a more flexible and still not frighteningly expensive option .
workhouse building , despite the [letting/allowing] of parishes to combine for the purpose in 1723 , was until 1750 largely an urban phenomenon , for in the countryside out-relief was proving itself a more flexible and still not frighteningly expensive option .

Even in this sense , Cotte makes a case for analysing let as evoking permission from the point of view of non-intervention , `` permitting `` being represented here in a purely negative fashion , as not intervening to stop the realization of an action which the permittee wishes to perform .
even in this sense , cotte makes a case for analysing let as evoking permission from the point of view of non-intervention , `` [letting/allowing] `` being represented here in a purely negative fashion , as not intervening to stop the realization of an action which the permittee wishes to perform .

We are proposing , along with Cotte , that let evokes much more than merely the speech act of giving permission : it signifies giving an event access to existence , permitting something by not intervening to obstruct its being accomplished .
we are proposing , along with cotte , that let evokes much more than merely the speech act of giving permission : it signifies giving an event access to existence , [letting/allowing] something by not intervening to obstruct its being accomplished .

This way of conceiving permission obviously makes the permitting inseparable from the realization of the action permitted , which is not the case with the verbs allow and permit .
this way of conceiving permission obviously makes the [letting/allowing] inseparable from the realization of the action permitted , which is not the case with the verbs allow and permit .

This situates the allowing or permitting before and the event permitted in the subsequence , thus calling for the use of to .
this situates the allowing or [letting/allowing] before and the event permitted in the subsequence , thus calling for the use of to .

In self-correcting drills , the pause is followed by the correct response , permitting the learner to compare immediately what he has said and what he should have said ( Mackey 1965 ) .
in self-correcting drills , the pause is followed by the correct response , [letting/allowing] the learner to compare immediately what he has said and what he should have said ( mackey 1965 ) .

The functional significance of non-propulsive motility is probably that of mixing intraluminal content and shifting it over short distances , permitting adequate absorbption of water and electrolytes .
the functional significance of non-propulsive motility is probably that of mixing intraluminal content and shifting it over short distances , [letting/allowing] adequate absorbption of water and electrolytes .

To help clarify some of these issues , a single experimental study was undertaken to compare the effects of dietary calcium and 70 % small bowel resection on experimental colonic tumourigenesis and crypt cell proliferation in the terminal ileum , caecum , and distal colon , thereby permitting multivariate statistical analysis to determine independently significant and interacting factors influencing mucosal proliferation .
to help clarify some of these issues , a single experimental study was undertaken to compare the effects of dietary calcium and 70 % small bowel resection on experimental colonic tumourigenesis and crypt cell proliferation in the terminal ileum , caecum , and distal colon , thereby [letting/allowing] multivariate statistical analysis to determine independently significant and interacting factors influencing mucosal proliferation .

Exposure of the small intestine to cow 's milk antigens causes a lesion to the gut mucosa and increases its permeability , permitting the entry of antigens through the impaired host barrier .
exposure of the small intestine to cow 's milk antigens causes a lesion to the gut mucosa and increases its permeability , [letting/allowing] the entry of antigens through the impaired host barrier .

By permitting one side of the frame to touch the basement membrane , the subepithelial zone was divided into areas of 0.008 mm , which usually included the whole lamina propria of the villi and the so called ‘ mixed cell zone ’ of the Peyer 's patches domes .
by [letting/allowing] one side of the frame to touch the basement membrane , the subepithelial zone was divided into areas of 0.008 mm , which usually included the whole lamina propria of the villi and the so called ‘ mixed cell zone ’ of the peyer 's patches domes .

Norman Fowler was no doubt preaching the virtues of greater European integration , while Bruce Anderson , a roving columnist , was talking to Sir Teddy Taylor , the discrepancy in height between them permitting Anderson to keep an eye open for bigger fish .
norman fowler was no doubt preaching the virtues of greater european integration , while bruce anderson , a roving columnist , was talking to sir teddy taylor , the discrepancy in height between them [letting/allowing] anderson to keep an eye open for bigger fish .

These can not be known at the time the decision is to be made and a means of stating what is known and what is assessed of the influence of future events on the commercial performance of the product , permitting comparisons between options , is needed .
these can not be known at the time the decision is to be made and a means of stating what is known and what is assessed of the influence of future events on the commercial performance of the product , [letting/allowing] comparisons between options , is needed .

There are options for calculating the critical path only and for each phase or network to be scheduled from the project start date , permitting multiple phases to be scheduled at the same time .
there are options for calculating the critical path only and for each phase or network to be scheduled from the project start date , [letting/allowing] multiple phases to be scheduled at the same time .

Berne concluded from his behavioural observations that the unit of social intercourse is a ‘ stimulus ’ followed by a ‘ response ’ , and he developed definitions and a language permitting description and analysis .
berne concluded from his behavioural observations that the unit of social intercourse is a ‘ stimulus ’ followed by a ‘ response ’ , and he developed definitions and a language [letting/allowing] description and analysis .

Of course , the second dot could be me , permitting a dialogue between subject and object .
of course , the second dot could be me , [letting/allowing] a dialogue between subject and object .

The dazzle of a grid can be alleviated by weaving , permitting parallels to alternate in domination .
the dazzle of a grid can be alleviated by weaving , [letting/allowing] parallels to alternate in domination .

Halley 's comet has an eccentricity of about 0.9675 permitting it to visit us every 76 years .
halley 's comet has an eccentricity of about 0.9675 [letting/allowing] it to visit us every 76 years .

When the fines were paid and Paisley 's martyrdom postponed , he responded by sending a telegram to O'Neill : ‘ Congratulations to you , the Minister of Home Affairs , the Crown solicitor , the Police and the Unionist Lord Mayor , on not permitting your own law to take its course , and on arranging for my fine to be paid .
when the fines were paid and paisley 's martyrdom postponed , he responded by sending a telegram to o'neill : ‘ congratulations to you , the minister of home affairs , the crown solicitor , the police and the unionist lord mayor , on not [letting/allowing] your own law to take its course , and on arranging for my fine to be paid .

The Irish Republic is a Catholic country and even those Protestants who do not expect to be actively persecuted doubt that they will have full civil and religious liberty when the major religious institution refuses to engage in fair competition by , for example , permitting the parents free choice of their child 's religion in the case of mixed marriage .
the irish republic is a catholic country and even those protestants who do not expect to be actively persecuted doubt that they will have full civil and religious liberty when the major religious institution refuses to engage in fair competition by , for example , [letting/allowing] the parents free choice of their child 's religion in the case of mixed marriage .

They continued to handle poorly and take wrong options , thereby permitting Cardiff to get into the game .
they continued to handle poorly and take wrong options , thereby [letting/allowing] cardiff to get into the game .

Weather permitting , the big helicopters will place them between the flows and the town .
weather [letting/allowing] , the big helicopters will place them between the flows and the town .

By a series of Acts ranging from 1907 to 1960 exceptions had already been made permitting a man to marry his deceased or divorced wife 's sister or half-sister , his niece by marriage or his aunt by marriage ; and a woman may marry her deceased or divorced husband 's brother or half-brother .
by a series of acts ranging from 1907 to 1960 exceptions had already been made [letting/allowing] a man to marry his deceased or divorced wife 's sister or half-sister , his niece by marriage or his aunt by marriage ; and a woman may marry her deceased or divorced husband 's brother or half-brother .

Until last September Vicini had no doubts about the likely composition of his 1990 World Cup side ( injury permitting , of course ) .
until last september vicini had no doubts about the likely composition of his 1990 world cup side ( injury [letting/allowing] , of course ) .

Mr Karel Van Miert , the Transport Commissioner , is asking member governments to approve a plan which would leave passenger services largely in the hands of state-owned monopolies but open up freight services to competition by permitting private operators to pay for the use of publicly-owned tracks .
mr karel van miert , the transport commissioner , is asking member governments to approve a plan which would leave passenger services largely in the hands of state-owned monopolies but open up freight services to competition by [letting/allowing] private operators to pay for the use of publicly-owned tracks .

Once a week there is an open air buffet ( weather permitting ) with live music , and the hotel also features a regular candlelit dinner with music .
once a week there is an open air buffet ( weather [letting/allowing] ) with live music , and the hotel also features a regular candlelit dinner with music .

Free activities : During your stay you may enjoy open-air brass band concerts ( weather permitting ) and organ and chamber music concerts in the local church .
free activities : during your stay you may enjoy open-air brass band concerts ( weather [letting/allowing] ) and organ and chamber music concerts in the local church .

The Zillertal people are renowned for their love of singing , and throughout the season there are festivals of folk singing and dancing , plus , weather permitting , brass band concerts taking place weekly from June to September .
the zillertal people are renowned for their love of singing , and throughout the season there are festivals of folk singing and dancing , plus , weather [letting/allowing] , brass band concerts taking place weekly from june to september .

Free activities : There is a weekly brass band concert , weather permitting .
free activities : there is a weekly brass band concert , weather [letting/allowing] .

The team drive at speed in the centre of the road , other vehicles permitting .
the team drive at speed in the centre of the road , other vehicles [letting/allowing] .

Every Saturday morning — weather permitting — he mowed the lawn .
every saturday morning — weather [letting/allowing] — he mowed the lawn .

First of all , there have been important advances in experimental methods : single cell recordings with exquisitely fine electrodes ; novel methods of imaging the internal structure of neurons and the connections between them ; cell culture techniques permitting the growth and development of nervous systems to be studied in great detail ; and sophisticated computational and statistical analysis of data permitting better mathematical modelling of large and small scale events in the nervous system and its functional connections .
first of all , there have been important advances in experimental methods : single cell recordings with exquisitely fine electrodes ; novel methods of imaging the internal structure of neurons and the connections between them ; cell culture techniques [letting/allowing] the growth and development of nervous systems to be studied in great detail ; and sophisticated computational and statistical analysis of data [letting/allowing] better mathematical modelling of large and small scale events in the nervous system and its functional connections .

Priests continued to act as sponsors of the local catholic — nationalist political structure , chairing meetings of the party and permitting the political use of the parish hall .
priests continued to act as sponsors of the local catholic — nationalist political structure , chairing meetings of the party and [letting/allowing] the political use of the parish hall .

It was argued that the pattern in other countries was that laws permitting divorce followed social trends in the numbers of marriage breakdowns rather than vice versa and that the fears of societal breakdown promoted by opponents in Ireland were unfounded in fact .
it was argued that the pattern in other countries was that laws [letting/allowing] divorce followed social trends in the numbers of marriage breakdowns rather than vice versa and that the fears of societal breakdown promoted by opponents in ireland were unfounded in fact .

In it they asserted quite clearly that permitting divorce would certainly affect the stability of all Irish marriages because it rendered every Irish marriage dissoluble : ‘ It is as though the legal availability of divorce builds up a social pressure which , for large numbers of people , becomes stronger than moral or religious resistance ’ ( abridged version , Irish Times , 14 May 1986 ) .
in it they asserted quite clearly that [letting/allowing] divorce would certainly affect the stability of all irish marriages because it rendered every irish marriage dissoluble : ‘ it is as though the legal availability of divorce builds up a social pressure which , for large numbers of people , becomes stronger than moral or religious resistance ’ ( abridged version , irish times , 14 may 1986 ) .

This move has been promoted as a safety measure , permitting slip when the tool bites , but the legalities of patent law were doubtless considered when Toolbox decided to manufacture their version .
this move has been promoted as a safety measure , [letting/allowing] slip when the tool bites , but the legalities of patent law were doubtless considered when toolbox decided to manufacture their version .

But it is not a model that holds up for the twentieth century , when liberalization of the divorce law was not a matter of last resort but was rather always proposed as a means of strengthening the institution of marriage ( by permitting those ‘ living in sin ’ to remarry ) ; when opinion shifted with dramatic speed , for example between the conservative recommendations of the 1956 Royal Commission on Divorce and the endorsement of profound liberalization given a mere ten years later by both the Law Commission and the Church of England ; and when the change in views of key institutions such as the Church of England were as important as those of lawyers .
but it is not a model that holds up for the twentieth century , when liberalization of the divorce law was not a matter of last resort but was rather always proposed as a means of strengthening the institution of marriage ( by [letting/allowing] those ‘ living in sin ’ to remarry ) ; when opinion shifted with dramatic speed , for example between the conservative recommendations of the 1956 royal commission on divorce and the endorsement of profound liberalization given a mere ten years later by both the law commission and the church of england ; and when the change in views of key institutions such as the church of england were as important as those of lawyers .

Thus , perhaps without realising the implications , the Soviet parliament gave the go-ahead for the most revolutionary experiment here since Lenin 's New Economic Policy of the 1920s : for a massive delegation of powers from the centre , permitting a single republic to create its own market-oriented economy , with its own budget , and to redraw economic rules which basically Stalin 's .
thus , perhaps without realising the implications , the soviet parliament gave the go-ahead for the most revolutionary experiment here since lenin 's new economic policy of the 1920s : for a massive delegation of powers from the centre , [letting/allowing] a single republic to create its own market-oriented economy , with its own budget , and to redraw economic rules which basically stalin 's .

It seems that problems of proof loom large here : there is a fear that the unscrupulous would manipulate any law permitting ‘ mercy killings ’ , and the argument is presumably that this would put at risk more unwilling parties than a law allowing euthanasia would benefit willing parties .
it seems that problems of proof loom large here : there is a fear that the unscrupulous would manipulate any law [letting/allowing] ‘ mercy killings ’ , and the argument is presumably that this would put at risk more unwilling parties than a law allowing euthanasia would benefit willing parties .

The latter question has arisen where young girls have been invited to submit to acts in order to train their voice or to improve their breathing — unbeknown to them , the act which they were permitting was sexual intercourse .
the latter question has arisen where young girls have been invited to submit to acts in order to train their voice or to improve their breathing — unbeknown to them , the act which they were [letting/allowing] was sexual intercourse .

Another feature of the offence is that it applies irrespective of the ages of the parties ( save that a woman can not commit the offence of ‘ permitting ’ intercourse unless she is aged 16 or over ) .
another feature of the offence is that it applies irrespective of the ages of the parties ( save that a woman can not commit the offence of ‘ [letting/allowing] ’ intercourse unless she is aged 16 or over ) .

Were the defeats of the coal strike/lock-out and the General Strike vital in permitting the Government to return to the political economy of normalcy , which was referred to in Chapter 1 ?
were the defeats of the coal strike/lock-out and the general strike vital in [letting/allowing] the government to return to the political economy of normalcy , which was referred to in chapter 1 ?

Were the defeats of the coal strike/lock-out and the General Strike vital in permitting the Government to return to the political economy of normalcy , which was referred to in Chapter 1 ?
were the defeats of the coal strike/lock-out and the general strike vital in [letting/allowing] the government to return to the political economy of normalcy , which was referred to in chapter 1 ?

Unemployment thus helped to shape the politics of the age , and some political changes were clearly the result of the problems it raised , although long-term social changes were clearly evident in permitting the Labour Party to replace the Liberal Party as the progressive party of British politics .
unemployment thus helped to shape the politics of the age , and some political changes were clearly the result of the problems it raised , although long-term social changes were clearly evident in [letting/allowing] the labour party to replace the liberal party as the progressive party of british politics .

’ Yet when he came to write the chapters on earthquakes and volcanos in Madam How and Lady Why ( 1869 ) , he could not dismiss from his mind the notion that , underlying the scientific explanation of how these disasters occurred , God must have had a reason for permitting them .
’ yet when he came to write the chapters on earthquakes and volcanos in madam how and lady why ( 1869 ) , he could not dismiss from his mind the notion that , underlying the scientific explanation of how these disasters occurred , god must have had a reason for [letting/allowing] them .

The fixed categories of the character-based fiction of the nineteenth century had to be abandoned in favour of structures permitting fluidity and instability .
the fixed categories of the character-based fiction of the nineteenth century had to be abandoned in favour of structures [letting/allowing] fluidity and instability .

Eight small , remotely-controlled electronic cameras are fitted under the galleries , covering the House from both sides and permitting a variety of shots .
eight small , remotely-controlled electronic cameras are fitted under the galleries , covering the house from both sides and [letting/allowing] a variety of shots .

No-one in London knew for sure yesterday , though on Saturday evening Coker said he would be available , jet-lag permitting .
no-one in london knew for sure yesterday , though on saturday evening coker said he would be available , jet-lag [letting/allowing] .

Introduction of the project followed a major upgrading of the tracks in the Croydon area and new signalling permitting 90mph speeds .
introduction of the project followed a major upgrading of the tracks in the croydon area and new signalling [letting/allowing] 90mph speeds .

China also ‘ could not tolerate ’ the award given to the Dalai Lama in Paris , and ‘ condemned ’ France for permitting the exiled democracy campaigner , Yan Jiaqi , to ‘ conduct activities against the Chinese Government ’ .
china also ‘ could not tolerate ’ the award given to the dalai lama in paris , and ‘ condemned ’ france for [letting/allowing] the exiled democracy campaigner , yan jiaqi , to ‘ conduct activities against the chinese government ’ .

China also ‘ could not tolerate ’ the award given to the Dalai Lama in Paris , and ‘ condemned ’ France for permitting the exiled democracy campaigner , Yan Jiaqi , to ‘ conduct activities against the Chinese Government ’ .
china also ‘ could not tolerate ’ the award given to the dalai lama in paris , and ‘ condemned ’ france for [letting/allowing] the exiled democracy campaigner , yan jiaqi , to ‘ conduct activities against the chinese government ’ .

But he feared the bill could be lost because the Government , by including the words ‘ any subsequent development of such embryos ’ in the bill 's long title , was permitting debate on abortion time limits .
but he feared the bill could be lost because the government , by including the words ‘ any subsequent development of such embryos ’ in the bill 's long title , was [letting/allowing] debate on abortion time limits .

Thus the use of the vernacular is a great step forward in permitting participation by the majority .
thus the use of the vernacular is a great step forward in [letting/allowing] participation by the majority .

Through the village , the road into Barbondale rises sharply before contouring for a level mile along the side of Barbon Low Fell , new plantings of conifers permitting only glimpses of Barbon Manor high on the left .
through the village , the road into barbondale rises sharply before contouring for a level mile along the side of barbon low fell , new plantings of conifers [letting/allowing] only glimpses of barbon manor high on the left .

Others , for the same reasons or for what they believe are reasons of legal principle , may argue that no murder is committed , on the basis of the reasoning noted earlier that the ventilator is ‘ prolonging life ’ , and turning it off is an omission permitting death , not a commission causing death .
others , for the same reasons or for what they believe are reasons of legal principle , may argue that no murder is committed , on the basis of the reasoning noted earlier that the ventilator is ‘ prolonging life ’ , and turning it off is an omission [letting/allowing] death , not a commission causing death .

No amount of talk about only permitting the tightrope-walker to fall will persuade otherwise .
no amount of talk about only [letting/allowing] the tightrope-walker to fall will persuade otherwise .

Two members of the Warnock Committee dissented from the majority to the extent of permitting surrogacy as a treatment for childlessness under the general supervision of a licensing authority ; and they also suggested that payment to a surrogate mother should not be a barrier to the child being adopted by the commissioning couple .
two members of the warnock committee dissented from the majority to the extent of [letting/allowing] surrogacy as a treatment for childlessness under the general supervision of a licensing authority ; and they also suggested that payment to a surrogate mother should not be a barrier to the child being adopted by the commissioning couple .

It was quite spontaneous , for the Germans instigated nothing although they would sometimes co-operate in an elementary way by allowing wood for goalposts or permitting the construction of a theatre .
it was quite spontaneous , for the germans instigated nothing although they would sometimes co-operate in an elementary way by allowing wood for goalposts or [letting/allowing] the construction of a theatre .

Large organisations with substantial personnel management resources tend to grade employees each year , arranging in-depth discussions and permitting appeals against adverse markings .
large organisations with substantial personnel management resources tend to grade employees each year , arranging in-depth discussions and [letting/allowing] appeals against adverse markings .

These findings have led to the suggestion that altered endothelial function without endothelial loss may be important in permitting platelet thrombus formation .
these findings have led to the suggestion that altered endothelial function without endothelial loss may be important in [letting/allowing] platelet thrombus formation .

For those who are capable of learning how to modify diet and insulin dose to suit prevailing circumstances and want to do so , the ability to determine their own blood glucose has been a major step forward , permitting more satisfactory glycaemic control and a more adventurous approach to many activities ( Skyler et al , 1978 ; Sonksen et al , 1978 ; Walford et al , 1978 ) .
for those who are capable of learning how to modify diet and insulin dose to suit prevailing circumstances and want to do so , the ability to determine their own blood glucose has been a major step forward , [letting/allowing] more satisfactory glycaemic control and a more adventurous approach to many activities ( skyler et al , 1978 ; sonksen et al , 1978 ; walford et al , 1978 ) .

Outside the Gallery there is a miniature railway , operated on Saturdays throughout the summer ( weather permitting ) by the Model Engineers ' Society of Northern Ireland .
outside the gallery there is a miniature railway , operated on saturdays throughout the summer ( weather [letting/allowing] ) by the model engineers ' society of northern ireland .

… while it is a fact that presently desks are usually moveable , thereby permitting various kinds of grouping arrangements , this flexibility is not often required by what actually goes on in the classroom .
… while it is a fact that presently desks are usually moveable , thereby [letting/allowing] various kinds of grouping arrangements , this flexibility is not often required by what actually goes on in the classroom .

However , there is no provision in the Disclosure Directive for permitting companies who are concerned as to who may be holding their shares ( for example , in the case of an anticipated takeover ) to require holders of voting rights to disclose their interests ; there is therefore no equivalent of a notice under Section 212 of the 1985 Companies Act , and this may prove a deficiency in the new system .
however , there is no provision in the disclosure directive for [letting/allowing] companies who are concerned as to who may be holding their shares ( for example , in the case of an anticipated takeover ) to require holders of voting rights to disclose their interests ; there is therefore no equivalent of a notice under section 212 of the 1985 companies act , and this may prove a deficiency in the new system .

For another year , the Genoese could continue to squat in the wreck of the city , clutching the rights to their ruined , foundering colony ; promoting nothing ; permitting nothing to flourish , either of theirs or the Bastard 's .
for another year , the genoese could continue to squat in the wreck of the city , clutching the rights to their ruined , foundering colony ; promoting nothing ; [letting/allowing] nothing to flourish , either of theirs or the bastard 's .

Whilst waling around the Hop Farm you can encounter our magical collection of fascinating owls and birds of prey and watch flying displays most days ( weather permitting ) .
whilst waling around the hop farm you can encounter our magical collection of fascinating owls and birds of prey and watch flying displays most days ( weather [letting/allowing] ) .

This is where , weather permitting , the sing still takes place .
this is where , weather [letting/allowing] , the sing still takes place .

During the trip to India — which , British elections permitting , should take place within a few months — Baker will emphasise government support for any satellite deals that India makes with private industry , for example , the state could provide loans to pay for the work .
during the trip to india — which , british elections [letting/allowing] , should take place within a few months — baker will emphasise government support for any satellite deals that india makes with private industry , for example , the state could provide loans to pay for the work .

Conditions on the island have deteriorated , and their only contact with the outside world is via an antiquated radio link with the British Consulate in New Zealand and ( weather permitting ) two passing ships a year .
conditions on the island have deteriorated , and their only contact with the outside world is via an antiquated radio link with the british consulate in new zealand and ( weather [letting/allowing] ) two passing ships a year .

Weather permitting , though , there is to be a full-scale balloon launch with hot air — some of it no doubt coming from a ‘ Balloon debate ’ and a ‘ Question time ’ session .
weather [letting/allowing] , though , there is to be a full-scale balloon launch with hot air — some of it no doubt coming from a ‘ balloon debate ’ and a ‘ question time ’ session .

The preaching of the existence of a provident god who would supply all needs , was no doubt generally of good intent , but such preaching has been taken far too literally , especially by uneducated peoples , and the outcome has been a reduced sense of personal responsibility permitting , among other things , the production of large numbers of children for whom the progenitors had not the slightest hope of providing .
the preaching of the existence of a provident god who would supply all needs , was no doubt generally of good intent , but such preaching has been taken far too literally , especially by uneducated peoples , and the outcome has been a reduced sense of personal responsibility [letting/allowing] , among other things , the production of large numbers of children for whom the progenitors had not the slightest hope of providing .

Humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) , all surplus life must perish and ( b ) , the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .
humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by [letting/allowing] the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) , all surplus life must perish and ( b ) , the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .

Humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) all surplus life must perish , and ( b ) the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .
humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by [letting/allowing] the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) all surplus life must perish , and ( b ) the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .

At the end there are sequences of free paddling , both at Nottingham and on natural water , allowing the viewers to see practical use of the moves and permitting them to see the film to examine the techniques , the paddling by the six paddlers involved always being very confident and competent .
at the end there are sequences of free paddling , both at nottingham and on natural water , allowing the viewers to see practical use of the moves and [letting/allowing] them to see the film to examine the techniques , the paddling by the six paddlers involved always being very confident and competent .

Veterinary authors issue dire warnings about the risk of ‘ transmission of disease ’ resulting from permitting your cat to drink from ponds and puddles , begging the question of how so many wild animals manage to remain perfectly healthy .
veterinary authors issue dire warnings about the risk of ‘ transmission of disease ’ resulting from [letting/allowing] your cat to drink from ponds and puddles , begging the question of how so many wild animals manage to remain perfectly healthy .

In many of the Sussex levels pumped drainage schemes are being installed to give greater control over the water levels so that the water table can be gradually lowered , permitting the permanent pasture to be improved by ploughing and re-seeding and allowing a longer grazing season ; some will no doubt be converted to arable .
in many of the sussex levels pumped drainage schemes are being installed to give greater control over the water levels so that the water table can be gradually lowered , [letting/allowing] the permanent pasture to be improved by ploughing and re-seeding and allowing a longer grazing season ; some will no doubt be converted to arable .

are provided by a range of resources available to the learner , permitting her to find her own answers .
are provided by a range of resources available to the learner , [letting/allowing] her to find her own answers .

The Circle Bar usually ( licensing hours permitting ) , remains open after the performance .
the circle bar usually ( licensing hours [letting/allowing] ) , remains open after the performance .

Weather permitting
weather [letting/allowing]

In shock , the body defences immediately try to compensate by permitting the vessels supplying blood to vital organs such as the brain , heart and kidneys to continue to do so , while the supply to muscles , skin and intestines is severely restricted .
in shock , the body defences immediately try to compensate by [letting/allowing] the vessels supplying blood to vital organs such as the brain , heart and kidneys to continue to do so , while the supply to muscles , skin and intestines is severely restricted .

According to Piaget , as the brain matures and children ’ s experiences expand , they move through a sequence of four cognitive stages , or reorganizations of thought : ( 1 ) sensorimotor , the stage of infancy , in which babies use their senses and movements to explore the world ; ( 2 ) preoperational , the stage of early childhood , in which preschoolers use symbols , especially language and make-believe play , to represent their earlier sensorimotor discoveries , but thinking lacks the logic of older children ; ( 3 ) concrete operational , in which cognition is well organized and logical but limited to coordinating only two or three variables when solving problems ; and ( 4 ) formal operational , the stage of adolescence , which opens up the capacity for abstraction , permitting young people to coordinate an increasing number of variables and to imagine all possible outcomes in a problem , not just the most obvious .
according to piaget , as the brain matures and children ’ s experiences expand , they move through a sequence of four cognitive stages , or reorganizations of thought : ( 1 ) sensorimotor , the stage of infancy , in which babies use their senses and movements to explore the world ; ( 2 ) preoperational , the stage of early childhood , in which preschoolers use symbols , especially language and make-believe play , to represent their earlier sensorimotor discoveries , but thinking lacks the logic of older children ; ( 3 ) concrete operational , in which cognition is well organized and logical but limited to coordinating only two or three variables when solving problems ; and ( 4 ) formal operational , the stage of adolescence , which opens up the capacity for abstraction , [letting/allowing] young people to coordinate an increasing number of variables and to imagine all possible outcomes in a problem , not just the most obvious .

The natural line of development makes closer contact with its surrounding social context , merges with it , and is transformed by it.82 Children ’ s social exchanges begin to inﬂuence their ways of thinking more profoundly than before , permitting them to acquire competencies in keeping with the requirements of their families and communities .
the natural line of development makes closer contact with its surrounding social context , merges with it , and is transformed by it.82 children ’ s social exchanges begin to inﬂuence their ways of thinking more profoundly than before , [letting/allowing] them to acquire competencies in keeping with the requirements of their families and communities .

Through social life , it makes contact with and is inﬂuenced by other , more expert minds , permitting transfer of the values , knowledge , and skills essential for success in a particular culture .
through social life , it makes contact with and is inﬂuenced by other , more expert minds , [letting/allowing] transfer of the values , knowledge , and skills essential for success in a particular culture .

The capacity to adopt a “ theoretical ” mode of reasoning in make-believe is highly consistent with Vygotsky ’ s belief that pretending assists children in separating mental symbols from the objects and actions for which they stand , thereby permitting them to manipulate meanings in innovative ways .
the capacity to adopt a “ theoretical ” mode of reasoning in make-believe is highly consistent with vygotsky ’ s belief that pretending assists children in separating mental symbols from the objects and actions for which they stand , thereby [letting/allowing] them to manipulate meanings in innovative ways .

When children are ready for game play , permitting them to select sports they enjoy , to progress at their own pace , and to participate in decisions about team rules preserves the positive lessons discussed in this chapter—in cooperation , fair play , and willingly following social rules .
when children are ready for game play , [letting/allowing] them to select sports they enjoy , to progress at their own pace , and to participate in decisions about team rules preserves the positive lessons discussed in this chapter—in cooperation , fair play , and willingly following social rules .

Winters are milder and sunnier on the Pacific coast , permitting a welcome double crop of the all-important staple — rice .
winters are milder and sunnier on the pacific coast , [letting/allowing] a welcome double crop of the all-important staple — rice .

Weather permitting , you can take a ride on one of the steamers .
weather [letting/allowing] , you can take a ride on one of the steamers .

Animal feeding takes place every day during the summer and there are also tractor rides , weather permitting .
animal feeding takes place every day during the summer and there are also tractor rides , weather [letting/allowing] .

Weather permitting , the observation decks on the 45th floors of both towers offer views all the way to Mt .
weather [letting/allowing] , the observation decks on the 45th floors of both towers offer views all the way to mt .

The face of Naples has been made and remade by its many earthquakes , permitting — imposing — transitions from Gothic to Renaissance and Baroque .
the face of naples has been made and remade by its many earthquakes , [letting/allowing] — imposing — transitions from gothic to renaissance and baroque .

Its nave and aisles are divided by 39 octagonal pillars leading to a stupa , the domed focus of veneration , with an apse beyond , permitting the circumambulation .
its nave and aisles are divided by 39 octagonal pillars leading to a stupa , the domed focus of veneration , with an apse beyond , [letting/allowing] the circumambulation .

It also had the effect of permitting a great , distinctive cultural growth with a strong national identity .
it also had the effect of [letting/allowing] a great , distinctive cultural growth with a strong national identity .

There are wonderful views from here ( weather permitting — which it doesn ’ t most of the time ) , including the Roque de los Muchachos and the monolithic Roque Idafe , said to have been the sacred altar of the first Guanche natives on the island .
there are wonderful views from here ( weather [letting/allowing] — which it doesn ’ t most of the time ) , including the roque de los muchachos and the monolithic roque idafe , said to have been the sacred altar of the first guanche natives on the island .

As the analysis points out , the House Appropriations Committee report and a floor statement by the principal sponsor of section 330 -- Representative DeLay -- describe section 330 as permitting NHTSA to establish a 1998 standard `` identical to '' the model year 1997 standard .
as the analysis points out , the house appropriations committee report and a floor statement by the principal sponsor of section 330 -- representative delay -- describe section 330 as [letting/allowing] nhtsa to establish a 1998 standard `` identical to '' the model year 1997 standard .

They include , but are not limited to , matters concerning ( 1 ) the use of encryption to protect the confidentiality of information and other cryptographic capabilities , including digital signatures and integrity checks , ( 2 ) personal privacy , ( 3 ) the adequacy of laws protecting intellectual property and permitting investigations into computer-related crimes , and ( 4 ) the availability of adequate technical expertise and security software tools .
they include , but are not limited to , matters concerning ( 1 ) the use of encryption to protect the confidentiality of information and other cryptographic capabilities , including digital signatures and integrity checks , ( 2 ) personal privacy , ( 3 ) the adequacy of laws protecting intellectual property and [letting/allowing] investigations into computer-related crimes , and ( 4 ) the availability of adequate technical expertise and security software tools .

In addition , another benefit includes permitting real estate advisers to pension plans to continue to register with the SEC , which will allow the advisers to comply with the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ( ERISA ) .
in addition , another benefit includes [letting/allowing] real estate advisers to pension plans to continue to register with the sec , which will allow the advisers to comply with the requirements of the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ( erisa ) .

APHIS rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of pork products from Sonora and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the United States .
aphis rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of pork products from sonora and not [letting/allowing] such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the united states .

APHIS rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of beef from Argentina under certain conditions and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the United States .
aphis rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of beef from argentina under certain conditions and not [letting/allowing] such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into by the united states .

Because of these comments , EPA issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking on March 13 , 1995 ( 60 FR 13526 ) for comment on : Page 3 GAO/OGC-96-26 approaches for setting different requirements for sources that pose different levels of hazard ( tiering ) ; worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues ; accident information reporting ; public participation ; inherently safer approaches ; and implementation and integration of section 112 ( r ) with state programs , particularly state air permitting programs .
because of these comments , epa issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking on march 13 , 1995 ( 60 fr 13526 ) for comment on : page 3 gao/ogc-96-26 approaches for setting different requirements for sources that pose different levels of hazard ( tiering ) ; worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues ; accident information reporting ; public participation ; inherently safer approaches ; and implementation and integration of section 112 ( r ) with state programs , particularly state air [letting/allowing] programs .

Such control activities would include permitting acquisition , use , or disposition of assets only in accordance with management 's general or specific authorization , including compliance with established control activities for such acquisition , use , or disposition .
such control activities would include [letting/allowing] acquisition , use , or disposition of assets only in accordance with management 's general or specific authorization , including compliance with established control activities for such acquisition , use , or disposition .

They include , but are not limited to , matters concerning ( 1 ) the use of encryption to protect the confidentiality of information and other cryptographic capabilities , including digital signatures and integrity checks , ( 2 ) personal privacy , ( 3 ) the adequacy of laws protecting intellectual property and permitting investigations into computer-related crimes , and ( 4 ) the availability of adequate technical expertise and security software tools .
they include , but are not limited to , matters concerning ( 1 ) the use of encryption to protect the confidentiality of information and other cryptographic capabilities , including digital signatures and integrity checks , ( 2 ) personal privacy , ( 3 ) the adequacy of laws protecting intellectual property and [letting/allowing] investigations into computer-related crimes , and ( 4 ) the availability of adequate technical expertise and security software tools .

EPA states that it has taken into consideration the potential competitive impact on these firms and has eased the burden by permitting averaging emissions across product lines , reduced production line testing , reduced in-use testing , simplified certification procedures and allowing manufacturers to purchase emission credits from the market place as an alternative to employing control technologies to meet the standard .
epa states that it has taken into consideration the potential competitive impact on these firms and has eased the burden by [letting/allowing] averaging emissions across product lines , reduced production line testing , reduced in-use testing , simplified certification procedures and allowing manufacturers to purchase emission credits from the market place as an alternative to employing control technologies to meet the standard .

DOT officials told us that the electronic docket has become the official rulemaking record for the department , enabling DOT to save over a million dollars each year in administrative costs and facilitating the rulemaking process in other ways ( e.g. , permitting agency professionals to review comments at their desks or at home ) .
dot officials told us that the electronic docket has become the official rulemaking record for the department , enabling dot to save over a million dollars each year in administrative costs and facilitating the rulemaking process in other ways ( e.g. , [letting/allowing] agency professionals to review comments at their desks or at home ) .

However , in DOT 's document management system , comments received on paper are scanned into the system , thereby permitting the public to view all of the comments submitted by others , regardless of the medium that was used .
however , in dot 's document management system , comments received on paper are scanned into the system , thereby [letting/allowing] the public to view all of the comments submitted by others , regardless of the medium that was used .

Some agencies have begun to use IT to facilitate interactive public comments , permitting users to comment on the comments filed by others ( e.g. , at DOT and in the USDA/AMS organic standards site ) or to participate in online dialogs with rule makers ( e.g. , DOT 's Research and Special Programs Administration ) .
some agencies have begun to use it to facilitate interactive public comments , [letting/allowing] users to comment on the comments filed by others ( e.g. , at dot and in the usda/ams organic standards site ) or to participate in online dialogs with rule makers ( e.g. , dot 's research and special programs administration ) .

The rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of GAO/OGC-96-38 sporting and other events , teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products ; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising .
the rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by [letting/allowing] such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of gao/ogc-96-38 sporting and other events , teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products ; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising .

Where possible and appropriate , include the construction contractor , permitting agency staff , and independent specialists for value engineering and independent review .
where possible and appropriate , include the construction contractor , [letting/allowing] agency staff , and independent specialists for value engineering and independent review .

The last year of CBO 's projection period was 2011 , permitting the calculation of calendar year values through 2010 .
the last year of cbo 's projection period was 2011 , [letting/allowing] the calculation of calendar year values through 2010 .

The last year of CBO 's projection period is fiscal year 2011 , permitting the calculations of calendar year values through 2010 .
the last year of cbo 's projection period is fiscal year 2011 , [letting/allowing] the calculations of calendar year values through 2010 .

The last year of CBO 's projection period was 2011 , permitting the calculation of calendar year values through 2010 .
the last year of cbo 's projection period was 2011 , [letting/allowing] the calculation of calendar year values through 2010 .

The agencies expected that new hardware and/or software technology would reduce paperwork and workload , thereby permitting sizable staff reductions .
the agencies expected that new hardware and/or software technology would reduce paperwork and workload , thereby [letting/allowing] sizable staff reductions .

For such workers , leaving the United States is a survival strategy , permitting them to survive their periods of unemployment by taking advantage of the lower cost of living in the countries of origin .
for such workers , leaving the united states is a survival strategy , [letting/allowing] them to survive their periods of unemployment by taking advantage of the lower cost of living in the countries of origin .

Indeed , Congress crafted the provision in IRCA permitting H-2A representation to be consistent with the language in the LSC appropriations act .
indeed , congress crafted the provision in irca [letting/allowing] h-2a representation to be consistent with the language in the lsc appropriations act .

These data must be submitted to the permitting authority ( State or Region ) if required .
these data must be submitted to the [letting/allowing] authority ( state or region ) if required .

These data must be submitted to the permitting authority ( State or Region ) if required .
these data must be submitted to the [letting/allowing] authority ( state or region ) if required .

In the isolated cases , where the permittee can document that this delivery time can not be met , the permitting authority can allow an option for on-site testing or a variance for an extension of shipped sample holding time .
in the isolated cases , where the permittee can document that this delivery time can not be met , the [letting/allowing] authority can allow an option for on-site testing or a variance for an extension of shipped sample holding time .

If shipping problems ( e.g. , unsuccessful Saturday delivery ) are encountered with renewal samples after a test has been initiated , the permitting authority may allow the continued use of the most recently used sample for test renewal .
if shipping problems ( e.g. , unsuccessful saturday delivery ) are encountered with renewal samples after a test has been initiated , the [letting/allowing] authority may allow the continued use of the most recently used sample for test renewal .

The reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .
the reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the [letting/allowing] authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .

In the isolated cases , where the permittee can document that this delivery time can not be met , the permitting authority can allow an option for onsite testing or a variance for an extension of shipped sample holding time .
in the isolated cases , where the permittee can document that this delivery time can not be met , the [letting/allowing] authority can allow an option for onsite testing or a variance for an extension of shipped sample holding time .

If shipping problems ( e.g. , unsuccessful Saturday delivery ) are encountered with renewal samples after a test has been initiated , the permitting authority may allow the continued use of the most recently used sample for test renewal .
if shipping problems ( e.g. , unsuccessful saturday delivery ) are encountered with renewal samples after a test has been initiated , the [letting/allowing] authority may allow the continued use of the most recently used sample for test renewal .

The reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the permitting authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .
the reviewer should verify that a quality control reference toxicant test was conducted according to the specified frequency required by the [letting/allowing] authority or recommended by the method ( e.g. , monthly ) .

Certain permitting provisions unique to the Acid Rain Program are moved to Subpart 1 of Part B or , if expired , are deleted .
certain [letting/allowing] provisions unique to the acid rain program are moved to subpart 1 of part b or , if expired , are deleted .

The existing Section 408 is revised to provide that a permit application covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the permitting authority in accordance with the deadline established under Title V , rather than the deadline ( e.g. , twenty-four months before a new unit commences operation ) under existing Section 408 .
the existing section 408 is revised to provide that a permit application covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the [letting/allowing] authority in accordance with the deadline established under title v , rather than the deadline ( e.g. , twenty-four months before a new unit commences operation ) under existing section 408 .

This is because the NOx SIP call itself , and the state implementation plans approved under the NOx SIP call , already include provisions concerning the matters addressed in these general provisions in Part A , such as tracking and transferring of allowances , permitting , monitoring and reporting , and compliance .
this is because the nox sip call itself , and the state implementation plans approved under the nox sip call , already include provisions concerning the matters addressed in these general provisions in part a , such as tracking and transferring of allowances , [letting/allowing] , monitoring and reporting , and compliance .

These data must be submitted to the permitting authority ( State or Region ) if required .
these data must be submitted to the [letting/allowing] authority ( state or region ) if required .

The estimated time to obtain the construction permit is approximately=nine months10 but can vary with State and local permitting procedures as well as other interests in the project .
the estimated time to obtain the construction permit is approximately=nine months10 but can vary with state and local [letting/allowing] procedures as well as other interests in the project .

This is because the permitting activities might become the time-limiting steps .
this is because the [letting/allowing] activities might become the time-limiting steps .

In some localities , it is possible that the permitting activities will not be the limiting steps .
in some localities , it is possible that the [letting/allowing] activities will not be the limiting steps .

Since the permitting process limits the timeline , a faster permitting process will shorten the time necessary to install ACI on a single unit .
since the [letting/allowing] process limits the timeline , a faster [letting/allowing] process will shorten the time necessary to install aci on a single unit .

Planning , engineering , installation , and start-up of an ACI system is only about 15 months and could be done in much less time if administrative matters , such as permitting , occur more quickly than assumed .
planning , engineering , installation , and start-up of an aci system is only about 15 months and could be done in much less time if administrative matters , such as [letting/allowing] , occur more quickly than assumed .

Nothing in this section or in the allowance system regulations shall relieve the Administrator of the Administrator 's permitting , monitoring and enforcement obligations under this Act , nor relieve affected facilities of their requirements and liabilities under this Act .
nothing in this section or in the allowance system regulations shall relieve the administrator of the administrator 's [letting/allowing] , monitoring and enforcement obligations under this act , nor relieve affected facilities of their requirements and liabilities under this act .

With respect to parts C and D , such regulations or rulings shall apply to all areas in which EPA is the permitting authority .
with respect to parts c and d , such regulations or rulings shall apply to all areas in which epa is the [letting/allowing] authority .

In those instances in which the State is the permitting authority under part C or D , any State may adopt and submit to the Administrator for approval revisions to its implementation plan to apply the regulations or rulings promulgated under this subsection .
in those instances in which the state is the [letting/allowing] authority under part c or d , any state may adopt and submit to the administrator for approval revisions to its implementation plan to apply the regulations or rulings promulgated under this subsection .

If the permitting authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the Administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the permitting authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title V , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .
if the [letting/allowing] authority determines , in accordance with regulations issued by the administrator that the conditions in the paragraph above can be met , the [letting/allowing] authority shall issue operating permits for such units , in accordance with section 404 and title v , that allow alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations .

For the new radios permitting the repeater to stay on , see PANYNJ interview 1 ( Nov. 6 , 2003 ) ; PANYNJ interview 4 ( May 10 , 2004 ) .
for the new radios [letting/allowing] the repeater to stay on , see panynj interview 1 ( nov. 6 , 2003 ) ; panynj interview 4 ( may 10 , 2004 ) .

Other efforts with the Saudi government centered on improving intelligence sharing and permitting U.S. agents to interrogate prisoners in Saudi custody .
other efforts with the saudi government centered on improving intelligence sharing and [letting/allowing] u.s. agents to interrogate prisoners in saudi custody .

Bin Ladin shares Qutb 's stark view , permitting him and his followers to rationalize even unprovoked mass murder as righteous defense of an embattled faith .
bin ladin shares qutb 's stark view , [letting/allowing] him and his followers to rationalize even unprovoked mass murder as righteous defense of an embattled faith .

Abu Bara did not have a visa permitting him to return to Pakistan , so he traveled to Yemen instead .
abu bara did not have a visa [letting/allowing] him to return to pakistan , so he traveled to yemen instead .

To balance this measure , programs to speed known travelers should be a higher priority , permitting inspectors to focus on greater risks .
to balance this measure , programs to speed known travelers should be a higher priority , [letting/allowing] inspectors to focus on greater risks .

Results Glucose Restriction Initiates IPC Development Culture media with high glucose concentrations have been useful for isolating and maintaining progenitor cell populations from the central and peripheral nervous systems [ 14,17 ] and for permitting differentiation by neurogenic cells [ 18 ] .
results glucose restriction initiates ipc development culture media with high glucose concentrations have been useful for isolating and maintaining progenitor cell populations from the central and peripheral nervous systems [ 14,17 ] and for [letting/allowing] differentiation by neurogenic cells [ 18 ] .

Upon receipt of the appropriate calcium signal , calcineurin is activated and removes phosphate groups from NFAT , thereby permitting translocation of NFAT to the nucleus .
upon receipt of the appropriate calcium signal , calcineurin is activated and removes phosphate groups from nfat , thereby [letting/allowing] translocation of nfat to the nucleus .

It would be unsurprising if different capsular types were differentially effective in permitting pneumococci to evade phagocytosis and other host defenses [ 31 ] ( M. Melin , H. Jarva , S. Meri , and H. Käyhty , unpublished data ) .
it would be unsurprising if different capsular types were differentially effective in [letting/allowing] pneumococci to evade phagocytosis and other host defenses [ 31 ] ( m. melin , h. jarva , s. meri , and h. käyhty , unpublished data ) .

Permitting employees to participate is only the beginning .
[letting/allowing] employees to participate is only the beginning .

Advance , Weakening Impeachment Prospects ... . '' The Los Angeles Times headline lavishes its big type on the victory of Democrat Gray Davis in the California governor 's race , the re-election to the Senate of Barbara Boxer and the victory of the initiative permitting Indian-run casinos .
advance , weakening impeachment prospects ... . '' the los angeles times headline lavishes its big type on the victory of democrat gray davis in the california governor 's race , the re-election to the senate of barbara boxer and the victory of the initiative [letting/allowing] indian-run casinos .

Even if Congress , say , were to pass a law permitting the direct sale of cars , that would n't mean that auto-makers would embrace direct selling immediately .
even if congress , say , were to pass a law [letting/allowing] the direct sale of cars , that would n't mean that auto-makers would embrace direct selling immediately .

As bad as the bombing was , permitting the atrocities to go on would have been worse .
as bad as the bombing was , [letting/allowing] the atrocities to go on would have been worse .

They conclude that all the choices available to Witztum and Rips created `` wiggle room , '' thus permitting the authors ' biases to corrupt the results .
they conclude that all the choices available to witztum and rips created `` wiggle room , '' thus [letting/allowing] the authors ' biases to corrupt the results .

Loan companies are permitting buyers to borrow more than ever before -- 5 percent down payments are common -- so many overextended buyers could be devastated when the economy slows down .
loan companies are [letting/allowing] buyers to borrow more than ever before -- 5 percent down payments are common -- so many overextended buyers could be devastated when the economy slows down .

Bandwidth permitting , anything that can be done in meatspace will be doable in virtual space .
bandwidth [letting/allowing] , anything that can be done in meatspace will be doable in virtual space .

While I see him claiming that permitting gay marriage is one more step along this path , I do n't see him providing any argument that such unions are themselves bad or any worse than the other breakdowns of traditional marriage ( such as interracial marriage , multiple divorces , prenuptial agreements , and so forth ) .
while i see him claiming that [letting/allowing] gay marriage is one more step along this path , i do n't see him providing any argument that such unions are themselves bad or any worse than the other breakdowns of traditional marriage ( such as interracial marriage , multiple divorces , prenuptial agreements , and so forth ) .

Gradually expunging all empathy from her moist , pink eyes and permitting her visage to ossify , she gives this carnival of carnage an awe-inspiring center .
gradually expunging all empathy from her moist , pink eyes and [letting/allowing] her visage to ossify , she gives this carnival of carnage an awe-inspiring center .

HMO horror stories have spread widely and rapidly : `` drive-through '' baby deliveries , the experimental chemotherapy denied to a child with cancer , the accountant who proposed permitting cataract patients to have surgery on only one eye because you need only one eye to see .
hmo horror stories have spread widely and rapidly : `` drive-through '' baby deliveries , the experimental chemotherapy denied to a child with cancer , the accountant who proposed [letting/allowing] cataract patients to have surgery on only one eye because you need only one eye to see .

In London , the Times , which has opposed Pinochet 's arrest , criticized the British government for rejecting `` the best way of settling this calamitous affair , allowing General Pinochet to fly home on Chile 's waiting jet '' and , instead , permitting the court decision in his favor to go to appeal .
in london , the times , which has opposed pinochet 's arrest , criticized the british government for rejecting `` the best way of settling this calamitous affair , allowing general pinochet to fly home on chile 's waiting jet '' and , instead , [letting/allowing] the court decision in his favor to go to appeal .

On Monday , the U.S. Supreme Court let stand a ruling permitting taxpayer-financed vouchers to send kids to Milwaukee parochial schools .
on monday , the u.s. supreme court let stand a ruling [letting/allowing] taxpayer-financed vouchers to send kids to milwaukee parochial schools .

He has received favorable press coverage for opening schools and permitting markets in his remote northern stronghold .
he has received favorable press coverage for opening schools and [letting/allowing] markets in his remote northern stronghold .

USA Today goes with a federal commission 's proposal today of a dramatic exception to the U.S. criminal appeals process : permitting convicts to file appeals based on DNA evidence even if deadlines for appeals in general have already expired .
usa today goes with a federal commission 's proposal today of a dramatic exception to the u.s. criminal appeals process : [letting/allowing] convicts to file appeals based on dna evidence even if deadlines for appeals in general have already expired .

Kate O'Beirne ( CNN 's Capital Gang ) and Pat Buchanan ( The McLaughlin Group ) think that Clinton wants Annan to negotiate a `` fig leaf , '' permitting the United States to bow out of war while retaining some shred of credibility .
kate o'beirne ( cnn 's capital gang ) and pat buchanan ( the mclaughlin group ) think that clinton wants annan to negotiate a `` fig leaf , '' [letting/allowing] the united states to bow out of war while retaining some shred of credibility .

Paul Gigot ( NewsHour ) worries that eliminating soft money will induce self-interested money-men to fund their own commercials , thereby permitting private donors to set the agendas in congressional races .
paul gigot ( newshour ) worries that eliminating soft money will induce self-interested money-men to fund their own commercials , thereby [letting/allowing] private donors to set the agendas in congressional races .

The New York Times reports that President Clinton will sign a bill today permitting the U.S. to provide food to Christian rebels in Sudan who 've been fighting Moslem authorities there for 16 years .
the new york times reports that president clinton will sign a bill today [letting/allowing] the u.s. to provide food to christian rebels in sudan who 've been fighting moslem authorities there for 16 years .

Likewise , hawking an organ would be right for so few , if any , that permitting the option makes no sense at all .
likewise , hawking an organ would be right for so few , if any , that [letting/allowing] the option makes no sense at all .

Vice President Gore offered an executive order that would ease export restrictions by 1 ) raising the export limit from 40 bits to 56 bits for at least the next two years ( allowing U.S. companies to meet the current minimum commercial standard ) ; 2 ) transferring export-license authority from a State Department military office , which almost always refuses applications , to the more friendly Commerce Department ; 3 ) permitting export of encryption of unlimited strength , provided the technology incorporates `` key recovery . ''
vice president gore offered an executive order that would ease export restrictions by 1 ) raising the export limit from 40 bits to 56 bits for at least the next two years ( allowing u.s. companies to meet the current minimum commercial standard ) ; 2 ) transferring export-license authority from a state department military office , which almost always refuses applications , to the more friendly commerce department ; 3 ) [letting/allowing] export of encryption of unlimited strength , provided the technology incorporates `` key recovery . ''

Commentators who deemed Gore innocent of parsimony faulted him anyway for permitting the appearance of parsimony .
commentators who deemed gore innocent of parsimony faulted him anyway for [letting/allowing] the appearance of parsimony .

As SurfWatch 's promotional literature is happy to point out , filters can help protect management from liability for permitting sexually explicit material in the workplace .
as surfwatch 's promotional literature is happy to point out , filters can help protect management from liability for [letting/allowing] sexually explicit material in the workplace .

It was then but a small step to the space warp , permitting faster-than-light ( FTL to SF pros ) travel by straight-line shortcutting across the curves of space .
it was then but a small step to the space warp , [letting/allowing] faster-than-light ( ftl to sf pros ) travel by straight-line shortcutting across the curves of space .

